===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Jonathan Halkyard, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Gary Fritz, President of MGM Interactive; Kenneth Feng, Executive Director and President of MGM China Holdings; and Howard Wang, Vice President, Investor Relations. Participants are in listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. In fairness to all participants, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Please note, this conference is being recorded. Now I would like to turn the call over to Howard Wang. Please go ahead.
Howard Wang: Thank you, Gary. Welcome to the MGM Resorts International First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at investors.mgmresorts.com, and we have also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we will be making forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures when talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation, which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Bill Hornbuckle.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, Howard. And before we get started, on behalf of everyone at MGM, our condolences go out to the family, friends, colleagues and all those who are impacted by the passing of Alexis Herman, our beloved and longtime MGM Resorts Board Director and the first African-American to serve as U.S. Secretary of Labor. Alexis was an incredible woman and a tireless champion of our company and our culture, helping us to ground every Board deliberation with her compassion, her sound judgment and valued business expertise. She was always so generous with her time, proving individual career mentorship to myself and many other leaders at MGM and throughout our community. As a public servant, she will always be remembered for her hard work to secure low unemployment, safe work conditions and a global standard for child labor opening doors for individuals, individual pursuits and advancement of livelihoods. Her life's work touched so many and she truly will be greatly missed. We at MGM are fortunate to have a foundation built on exceptional employees and leaders, and I'm pleased to share with you today that their efforts have driven yet another strong quarter of financial results, highlighted by an impressive turnaround at BetMGM. Make no mistake, our ability to deliver outstanding experiences to our customers and strong results to our shareholders start with my colleagues across MGM Resorts. We've maintained record-level net promoter scores for our Gold+ customers once again this quarter. Their collective hard work culminated in a notable milestone this month when our MGM Rewards program crossed 50 million members, which represents growth of over 50% since 2020, an achievement that reflects the staying power of MGM's iconic brands and our powerful customer insights, which can amplify the Marriott partnership and drive omnichannel opportunities, particularly with BetMGM. I'm confident in saying no other mature gaming company has seen the database growth as strong as we have over the same period. As we navigate the balance of the year, our business is on solid footing. Led by our luxury offerings, we delivered an elevated experience to more guests than any of our competitors on the Las Vegas Strip, making us prime beneficiaries of a strong citywide events and convention calendar. Our business is also equipped with ample liquidity, a strong balance sheet and operational agility, specifically our experienced operators and leaders have shown the ability to adjust quickly in varying economic conditions, which have presented themselves throughout the company's lifespan of nearly 40 four decades. We ended this year on offense with a $200 million EBITDA enhancement plan already in motion. We now believe we fully can implement more than $150 million in 2025. We are also seeing continued growth from our existing exclusive Marriott collaboration, which we still expect will account for 900,000 room nights this year, up from the 660,000 last year. Adding to these, our diversity in geography and market mix is once again proving to be a strength during these times of volatility. To setup in Las Vegas remained steady with a favorable room supply dynamic as current rooms under construction represent only 1.6% of the existing supply among the lowest of the top 25 MSAs. Additionally, second quarter 2025 airline capacity at Harry Reid Airport remains scheduled at record levels. Domestic flight capacity in each month from April to June is up 2%, with 14 of the 25 largest metro markets increasing capacity into Las Vegas. Our Las Vegas Strip Resorts were solid, despite in our regional properties operations remained steady with only a modest decline in revenue due to some incremental weather. Importantly, we ended the period strong with records for the month of March in RevPAR and slot win. Also, we have once again shown the ability to generate segment adjusted EBITDA margins at or above 30%. Switching over to China, MGM China is maintaining mid-teens share, ending the quarter at 15.7% even with new supply ramping up in the market. We continue to be proud and we are able to debut 10 new villas in MGM Macau today with another 18 opening by the end of the year. At MGM Cotai, we are in the process of adding 60 new suites that are targeting a first quarter 2026 opening. These are welcome new room products that will help support demand from our premium gaming customers. As solid as our various business segments have performed, the spotlight shined brightest on BetMGM this quarter. The venture reported an increase in net revenue from operations of 34% for the quarter and EBITDA of $22 million, representing a tremendous improvement of over $150 million from the prior year period. IGaming net revenues for operating grew 27% and online sports net revenues from operations grew 68%, each on the heels of strong engagement improvement. We have previously discussed the focus on iGaming and a more thoughtful and profitable approach towards customer acquisition and the team has executed on it impressively for the year-over-year turnaround. MGM Digital, our consolidated international digital business that does not include the BetMGM venture made great progress during the quarter as well, with the launch in Brazil and our first deployment of sports betting platform that we acquired from Tipico last year. In Brazil, we have seen evidence of early traction with healthy retention rates. Also having a fantastic media partner like Grupo Globo has provided flexibility in marketing, allowing us to be very deliberate on entry. We are focused on executing our marketing plan throughout the second quarter as this business continues to ramp. And we're excited to launch our live dealer platform from the MGM Grand later in May. In Japan, we've made meaningful progress. Earlier this month, we entered into an agreement with our general contractors to proceed with construction activities as planned and we held an official ground opening braking ceremony in and Osaka on April 24. Stateside, we remain on track to submit our RFP in New York over the summer and continue to expect to hear back on our licenses before year's end. Overall, MGM is well positioned for the future. We have market-leading operations in Las Vegas and the regions and the resorts have received significant investment in care over most recent years. Our digital businesses in the US and beyond are growing and turning profitable. And we have an inevitable pipeline of future project opportunities in Japan and hopefully New York, as well as a durable financial profile, including ample liquidity and a very solid balance sheet. I'll now turn this over to Jonathan to provide further details on the quarter.
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks, Bill. I'd like to echo your comments about our team here at MGM Resorts. We've delivered a really strong quarter of results despite a difficult year-over-year Super Bowl comp and overall market volatility. These results are a testament to the strength of our operators, the teams who support them and our employees who execute with excellence every day. So a huge thanks to the team. In Las Vegas, performance was solid, particularly when taking into account our expected year-over-year impact of about $65 million related to the Super Bowl last year, plus the impact from the room remodel at the MGM Grand this year, which we discussed in our last call. Segment adjusted EBITDA was down $17 million and included $37 million in business interruption proceeds during the quarter. When considering the puts and takes of the quarter, we more than made up for the headwinds. The value of the Marriott strategic relationships was notable this quarter, helping to achieve record first quarter occupancy. The incremental customers also helped drive record first quarter slot win, which was up 7%. The Regional Operations held in well. And when adjusted for the $12 million of business interruption proceeds we received, the EBITDA decline was mostly attributed to challenging weather at the start of the quarter. The regional operators ended the quarter on a high note, as Bill mentioned, with record March slot win. RevPAR in the regional hotel portfolio impressed, hitting monthly records for each month during the quarter. In Macau, margins held in at 28% due to strong OpEx control and other efforts to maximize the efficiency of our assets. The result was also notable given the advent of several very successful initiatives to drive tourism, including the Macau 2049 Residency Show at Cotai and the Poly Art Museum at MGM Macau. Importantly, MGM China increased its dividend payout policy to 50% of distributable profits, up from 35%. And earlier this month, MGM China closed on a new larger revolving credit facility, which provides about $3 billion of liquidity and represents approximately $1 billion of increased capacity and extends maturities for four years to 2030. BetMGM continued its acceleration in the first quarter, reported positive $22 million of EBITDA, that's up $154 million from last year. And it's worth noting that the prior year was impacted by a number of headwinds, but these results reflect the strong execution against the strategy and the start of its returns. The business is healthy and it remains on track for its guidance of $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion in net revenues from operations this year and positive EBITDA. And recall that the BetMGM results are reflected one month in arrears when recorded in the MGM Resorts' results. MGM Digital, which is our consolidated international digital business and it doesn't include BetMGM, continues to make progress. Revenues in this segment were impacted by adverse effects of regulations in the Netherlands and some tough comps in our largest market, Sweden, though we've seen some meaningful recovery starting in April. The year-over-year segment adjusted EBITDA decline for MGM Digital was anticipated due to additional headcount for strategic growth as well as costs related to the launch of BetMGM in Brazil, where we've increased our marketing momentum to start in the second quarter. We note that this quarter, we provided quarterly historical data in our investor presentation for the MGM Digital segment to help with your modeling. In Japan, MGM's equity commitment has increased to JPY428 billion, of which we now have remaining about JPY392 billion to invest for our future 43.5% ownership stake. Despite the increase driven by updated spend estimates as we finalized our negotiations with contractors, we still have a high conviction in a high-teens percentage return on this project and remain on time to open in 2030. One item impacting corporate expense, I want to highlight, is a $9 million charitable donation that we proudly made during the quarter for an important City of Las Vegas initiative that makes the balance slightly elevated, but otherwise, this line item is consistent with our historical levels. We remain dedicated to continuously improve our business. Recall, we estimate the collective impact of enhancements that we announced last year will boost EBITDA by a run rate of $200 million. And we're now pacing to capture more than $150 million taking effect this calendar year, 35% of which comes from revenue actions and 65% from cost savings. Now I view our cash flow generation as our consolidated adjusted EBITDA plus our non-cash rent minus our CapEx. And this not only provides us the ability to remain committed to all of our capital projects, but also take advantage of any dislocations in our stock price as a result of market volatility. Like we did in the fourth quarter, we saw significant value in our share price in the first quarter and we took advantage by repurchasing shares. When you strip out the value of MGM China at its market value and assign a consensus value to our BetMGM venture, you end up with an implied multiple of just 3.3 times trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA. To say nothing of the value of MGM Digital, the business we know is capable of $1 billion in run rate top line with double-digit EBITDA margins. We think the current price represents an attractive opportunity and have continued to buy back stock. We repurchased nearly 15 million shares for about $494 million in the first quarter and we purchased another 8 million shares in the second quarter to date for $215 million. As we end April, our share count is nearly 45% lower than it was when we began our buying program. And we've received Board approval for the ability to repurchase another $2 billion of shares. I'll turn it back to Bill.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, Jonathan. When I think about our business, it starts in Las Vegas, which remains on solid footing with our luxury offerings driving key results. This is complemented by the stability of the regional operations and MGM China, which clearly is now out punching its weight and maintains a mid-teens market share. We've also witnessed significant improvements in our BetMGM venture results and with the MGM Digital segment is showing good early traction. And as Jonathan once again articulated, we see a dislocation in the markets for the combined value of these businesses and are taking advantage by repurchasing our own shares. With that, operator, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandt Montour: Hello, everybody. Thanks for taking my question, and thanks for all the details today on the call. The first question is about Las Vegas. Obviously, really reassuring commentary about April and how that's tracking. I was wondering if you could just unpack that April comment in terms of the major KPIs, which of those KPIs are growing stronger, which are a little weaker? How do you think about April?
Bill Hornbuckle: Sure. Jonathan, you want to kick it off?
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure. Yeah, I mean, the first thing that we look at is just overall demand as evidenced by things like hotel occupancy and rate. And so as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, April in Las Vegas is shaping up to be a record April for the company, which is we think a very positive. Another area that we look to is group performance and event performance. And also, we've seen very strong response to events here in the market and our properties specifically as well as groups and the actual number of group participants that materialize and come here and spend. The final thing I'd add is that, Marriott. The Marriott partnership for us is performing exceptionally well. We already have just through April, 440,000 room nights that have been booked. And you do the math, it's over 20,000 room nights a week are being booked through the Marriott channel and these are customers that we think are very accretive as compared to the customers that they would -- that they've replaced. So a couple of thoughts on that. Bill, did you have anything?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yeah. Maybe one other thought, Brent, that kind of puts it into some perspective. Normally we book about 40% of our business 30 days out. That window has extended both in March and April to like 43 and 44 something of that ilk. But we still got to the desired result. And in April, we actually in the rooms department, beat that both combination of OCC and rate of note. And so while it may be coming in later based on obviously the overall economic condition of people's mindset in the world, it is still coming to Las Vegas and we're still the beneficiary of it. So we feel excited by that, as we think excited about the right word given the environment we're in. But we're encouraged by that given as we think about the balance of the year.
Jonathan Halkyard: And the only other thing I would add is, our slot volumes continue to be positive as we saw in the first quarter.
Brandt Montour: Great. That's all really helpful, everyone. And just following up on that and maybe you could just square this with everything everyone sees on the news, et cetera. But specifically with regarding international inbound, it's been pretty well documented that inbound from Canada has been soft and some other major source markets that you guys get business from. But specifically regarding your higher end, which we would think would skew even more toward that type of business, how are you able to make up for that?
Jonathan Halkyard: Well, on the higher end, it's not really having any impact at all. Actually, we just had an amazing event in April with our higher end component of it. It's really the leisure type business, the Canadian business that is down, but we've been able to make it up in our Marriott blocks and in our casino blocks.
Bill Hornbuckle: WestJet is the biggest carrier. They are down about 15%, but we're only down about 3% or 4%. And obviously, it's down. We understand what's happening again. But again, Marriott, large scale casino base, BetMGM consistently omnichannel pounding, and ultimately, a once in a lifetime baccarat term of $10 million helped.
Brandt Montour: Excellent. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: The next question is from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, guys. Thank you. It looks like in the -- in your filings, you disclosed obviously some of your payroll and labor, and the year-over-year increases appear to be less than some of the escalators. Could we kind of read into that, that part of that is the efforts as part of the $150 million that you expect to achieve this year? Or is that kind of in excess of -- or is this kind of a separate initiative, I guess, I should say?
Jonathan Halkyard: Generally, yes, you can read into that, but that's a -- that is, I guess, really a result of our continuous efforts to manage our costs here. It is -- it's certainly true that we've been able to manage growth in FTEs across the company. In fact, in the first quarter, we were down in FTEs across our regions, Las Vegas and our corporate office. So it's not -- we can't tie those numbers to any specific actions we've taken. The fact of the matter is that we're always managing our labor expenses and you're seeing a reflection of that.
Bill Hornbuckle: And Carlo, I think in the front end of our business, we've seen a -- we're beginning to see more and more digital interaction, whether it's concierge or call centers, people calling down for I want a pillow from my room. And so the digital interface, which is probably carrying 80% of the traffic now at least initially and ultimately a small spattering, although we're going to get more and more news of AI, is proven to be very productive. And so we're going to continue down that track.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you, guys. And then just a clerical kind of follow-ups. As it relates to the business interruption insurance, is that in revenue and EBITDAR or just EBITDAR? And could you give us any color? I know this is hard to handicap, but on any further proceeds you might expect to receive later in the year or in subsequent years? Or is this kind of wrapping it up?
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. It is -- it's an EBITDAR. It's not recorded as revenue. It -- we have now collected over $100 million, of course, a lot in the third quarter last year and then another good slug this quarter. We're not finished. We're still in active discussions with our carriers. And we do have significant claims remaining. That being said, I think we have received the majority, I would say, over 50% of what we expect. And it will be, I think, lumpy from here on out and not as significant as we've collected so far. But we're really -- we're very pleased having brought $100 million in for our shareholders over the past six months.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Katz with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Katz: Good morning. Afternoon, everybody, I think. I wanted to just follow-up on the comments regarding Japan. And it says that you've sort of locked in with your contractor just in the context that materials availability and cost has become a discussion point. What variability is left in that from this point forward given the size of the project?
Jonathan Halkyard: Yeah. We -- thank you for the question, David. We've been hard at work with our partners, with the contractors to, of course, define the project itself, get it designed and nail down the major contracts. But on the one hand, there will be some variability in terms of costs as we go forward related just to overall input costs. We've done, I think, a good job of building in contingency into our budget for that potential. On the other hand, unlike other parts of the world, really before we even commence on a project like this in the coming quarters, the project will be fully designed. So in terms of scope, we don't expect that to be a factor at all in any changes in the cost of the project. And just couple more items. We together with our partners, we're going to be looking as we go forward for opportunities to be as cost-efficient as possible in the construction. And then finally, for our equity commitment, we've already hedged over half of our commitment in the forward yen markets to lock in some of these favorable exchange rates against with the dollar and the yen. So we're all fully hedged through the middle of 2027 in terms of our equity contributions.
Bill Hornbuckle: And then, David, on the other side of the equation, because we haven't really focused on this in some time, we said in the prepared comments, high-teens return. Look, if we use Singapore as a proxy, a couple of interesting stats, five times more of the population, if you just think of the Kansai Basin, never mind all of Japan. We have the same number of table games. We'll have twice the number of slots. Singapore just did over $600 million in the first quarter. To think this thing can't five years from now or four -- and five years from now is 2030, do over $2 billion in EBITDA in return, is we're excited by what the opportunity could ultimately be there.
David Katz: Noted. And just following up quickly on your comment regarding the Bonvoy partnership. It sounds like it's going obviously quite well. I don't know if that's exceeded or meeting your expectations. But any possibility or thoughts about expanding that in some fashion going forward that you might be willing to share a little bit with us?
Bill Hornbuckle: It's exceeded it. I think you know, this by the deal, we we've obviously committed to [indiscernible] over the first 10 years, we have yet another property here in Las Vegas we need to commit. So we're spending time and energy eventually thinking about that. And then Tony and I have talked briefly about the notion of international and potentially where this relationship could go, whether it's Japan or other places. And so we'll spend some more time thinking about that, but there's nothing definitive. But notionally, that's -- we love this partnership so far. And so all things considered.
Jonathan Halkyard: I would -- David, I'd just add, there has been one, I consider it an important expansion in the partnership recently, which is the inclusion of group customers here in Las Vegas. Where now if you're coming as part of a big meeting or convention and you're staying with us, you can get your Bonvoy points. And that makes us a very appealing destination for meeting planners and not to mention the participants themselves. So I think that's going to really help turbocharge the production out of the Marriott deal.
David Katz: Got it. Thanks, and good evening.
Operator: The next question is from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good evening, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Bill or Jonathan, wanted to expand just to maybe wrap-up on Japan since we were talking about it. Could you just remind us of the overall budget either in dollars or in yen for the project as we sit here today, just sort of a housekeeper there and the let of your equity contribution there just again for kind of modeling? And then the strategic question would be on New York. We obviously saw one of the large participants in the market here sort of change their programming or planning around that. We've definitely heard other people discussing sort of their strategy to that market. Where does MGM sit as it relates to New York? Thanks.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. So our -- in terms of the overall cap table for the project right now, our commitment of $428 billion -- sorry, JPY428 billion is about a 43.5% equity interest. Our partners ORIX and then minority shareholders make up the balance of that. And then we have a JPY530 billion credit facility and -- on the project. So that's the cap table as it stands right now. We expect our equity -- our contributions to occur over the next four years, including 2025, about $600 million to $700 million per year. And then the credit along with our equity partners. And then the bank facility will kick in at that point in 2028 and carry the funding through to the opening in 2030. So that's just kind of a rough overview.
Bill Hornbuckle: And then on New York, we are planning to make our submission at the end of June, which I think we all understand is the date. We haven't changed appreciably the plan. We like what we came up with. I think we're comfortable with the city. We're going through and got most of our environmental impact study done, et cetera. And so we really haven't changed the plan. It is of interest. We watch where the others are going and potentially where they'll go. It's our anticipation there will still be three licenses. We'll take a unique position. I think we always have there. And so it's all things being relative, and see what happens. You never know. It is New York. We'll make that submission next month or end of next month.
Shaun Kelley: Thanks so much. And then just to change gears for a second on MGM Digital. I think I caught that. It sounds like you're going into a little bit of a marketing phase there in Brazil. Can you just remind us of maybe the cadence of investment around, especially this year, as I think it's a little lumpy as you're kind of building out that business versus kind of what maybe your exposure or your processes for the year after? Just help us think about the investment period here.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yeah, thanks. Things are starting off terrific in Brazil. We've been live since Q1. In terms of the pacing of investment, we believe that the first half of this year probably bleeding over a little bit into Q3 is the core of our marketing deployment. We probably got off to a little bit slower start than we anticipated. So that may shift out by a month or so. But principally, the marketing - -the real marketing dig against the business will occur over, let's call it, the next six months, and then we'll see those investments begin to tether. That's the current plan.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Stephen Grambling with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, thanks. I think over the past four years, your repurchases have been about almost now 95% of the current market cap. And you also highlighted the discounted EBITDA multiple on the domestic business. So I'm curious, are there other opportunities to create value either by monetizing assets or simplifying the story that you're thinking about or that you would think about if the stock stays rangebound?
Jonathan Halkyard: Yeah. Well, thanks for that question. And we have seen a tremendous opportunity recently just in repurchasing our own shares. I mean, the -- we put a page in the presentation this quarter that we've done from time to time, but really the situation with the trading in the stock has just presented us with, we think, a fantastic opportunity to repurchase shares for the shareholders. I mean, you brought up ways to kind of monetize that. You could look not to -- not too far in the past where we were able to sell Gold Strike Tunica for, I think, that was about 11 times EBITDA, The Mirage for, I think, it was 14 or 15 times EBITDA and now we can buy the Bellagio and Aria for three times EBITDA. So we think that, that's a pretty good use of capital and that's why we've been so aggressive in the past four months.
Bill Hornbuckle: And then, Stephen, remember, I suspect you do that Northfield Park and Springfield are ongoing discussions. So those are assets that we've been talking about for a while.
Stephen Grambling: Yeah, makes sense. And maybe one quick follow-up. Just on the digital side, I guess, is there any way to think about the contribution from an omnichannel standpoint, the benefits that you're getting outside of just that MGM individually, but how it may benefit the retail business as well or the brick-and-mortar business?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yeah. Well, look, we certainly see beyond just the direct benefits between the marketing synergy and the synergies with our host teams here in Vegas helping BetMGM. On the regional side, I mean it's just like another reason for folks to be an MGM customer in region is the fact that they can continue that relationship with us, both in their on-property play and play at home, and we've built the rewards ecosystem to underscore that. We have event programming around that to encourage customers for their play in both channels. And that's really borne fruit in markets like Detroit and in the capital area as well.
Jonathan Halkyard: And what we have seen definitely in this quarter, in particular, our trips up pretty significantly in our spend. It's on a little bit lower base, but they're pretty significant numbers we're beginning to see out of that channel.
Stephen Grambling: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is from John DeCree with CBRE. Please go ahead.
John DeCree: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Jonathan, maybe for you to piggyback on that last question. Can you talk a little bit about how you think of share repurchases going forward as CapEx starts to ramp-up? I think if I heard correctly, your equity contribution for Japan would be up [JPY600 billion to JPY700 billion] (ph) per year beginning this year and New York maybe around the corner, if you're lucky enough for that opportunity. And so, how should we think about your approach to balance sheet management and repurchasing as that CapEx steps up a little bit? I guess the specific question there is, would you let leverage go up a little bit to take advantage of all the opportunities in front of you, if they should stay this way?
Jonathan Halkyard: Yeah. I've probably been saying for six quarters that our pace of share repurchases was going to was going to come down slightly and we haven't really done that just because we've looked at the math, some of which I just went through and said this is a really compelling opportunity. But that being said, yeah, our Japan equity investments are now closer. New York is coming closer. So it will be important for our own planning to reserve some capital for those investments. I would not be adverse to letting leverage tick up a little bit in order to fund some of these opportunities. We do enjoy the diversification of our operations here in Las Vegas and the regional markets. We have a nice dividend flow at MGM China. And we are really not investing any more capital in BetMGM or MGM Digital for that matter. Those investments are behind us and those businesses are really primed to grow. So -- but I do think that for the -- the remainder of this year will not be as aggressive as we've been in the first four months just recognizing some of the things that are in front of us right now.
John DeCree: Got it. Understood. That's helpful, Jonathan. And then if I could for a follow-up change gears to Macau a little bit. We've asked a lot of questions on this call and previously about Vegas and indicators that you see there as it relates to domestic demand. We probably have similar questions as it relates to Macau and the Chinese consumer. So curious if you could give us any insight as to what you're seeing really since the beginning of the month when the tariffs went to effect, if there's been much change in how you're booking business and kind of visitation levels that you're seeing in Macau? And anything you could share would be helpful.
Bill Hornbuckle: [indiscernible], you're living it every day. Why don't you take this?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the question. So far, we are not seeing any material impacts. And we are continuing to closely monitor the situation. In Q1, our business our business was resilient and we saw our market share. As we all know, China government is taking all kinds of measures, policies to spur the economy. Macau is resilient. Macau market is resilient. It's unique. So we see our business is quite stable. Actually, we just had like today is the first day of a Golden Week and we had a pretty good stronger pre-holiday week. And today is the first day. So our booking is pretty strong. We feel confident of for these upcoming holidays.
John DeCree: Thanks, [Wang] (ph). I appreciate it.
John DeCree: The next question is from Barry Jonas with Truist. Please go ahead.
Barry Jonas: Hey, guys. With the likelihood of higher tariffs, could you talk a little bit more about how that could impact operations and budgets for some of your domestic development pipeline?
Jonathan Halkyard: Right now, it's hard to see how it would have much of an impact on the development pipeline. We've been focused more in the near term on its potential impact on just cost of sales and operational considerations. And it's quite a small impact. We've done virtually all of our slot purchases for the year. We have alternatives as it relates to some of the consumables that we -- that might be subject to tariffs. So we think we can manage that impact considerably during the year. Same goes on our technology investments. We've done a lot of that in the past 18 months, things like PC refreshes and those types of things. So that will be a very limited impact. And I don't really see much of an impact that's going to have on our development ambitions, at least in the next year.
Bill Hornbuckle: I mean, Barry, the only thing on the obvious horizon is New York that would be domestic. And we're not building a high rise, so even the steel will be de minimis.
Barry Jonas: Got it. Got it. Okay. And just for a follow-up, Bill, I saw you were out in UAE recently. Can you maybe talk about next steps there for the hotel in Dubai and any gaming opportunities? And then just also interesting to see Barry Diller was with you. Is that strictly from a Board perspective or there may be some ways you can work closer with IAC? Thank you.
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, look, we've worked closely with IAC ever since the inception of their investment. I mean that Joey has been instrumental in some of our digital business and very ultimately with creative and the content pieces of our business. And so it's always been integrated in that context. They're very active Board members, and we enjoy that. Actually, Paul Salem, Barry and myself and one other individual on our team, we've been kind of overriding this thing for the last couple of years. A gentleman named Ari Kastrati went out there. Key mission was to see the prince and to update him on our project, tell him the opportunity that we thought it could bring, not only in the context of a fully integrated resort like we're building MGM, Aria, Bellagio, but the potential gaming could bring to not only UAE, but Dubai specifically and the whole notion of entertainment and the kind of unique things that we could bring to the city. And it was a great conversation. It's completely in their hands. This is just like the states. It's a -- it's in the province of any one of the individual rulers to determine whether they want gaming or not. They haven't said yes, they haven't said no. We are building an environment that can accommodate it. And that building is due to complete third quarter of '27. We are literally up on the fifth floor of the MGM Tower as we speak. And so it's pretty exciting building. It's an exciting project, a truly interesting resort with all kinds of features. And so hopefully, we'll get to ad gaming. But it's the ball truly now having made this -- taking this -- and them taking us -- receiving us is in their court.
Barry Jonas: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: And the final question today is from Chad Benyon with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Chad Beynon: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to circle back a little bit on some of the Vegas comments around non-gaming. Bill, you mentioned the impact from Marriott just from kind of a qualitative level, but were non-gaming KPIs up if we think about excluding the Super Bowl from a year-over-year standpoint, whether we're thinking about January, March or just kind of taking out that $65 million impact? Just trying to get a sense of if you're seeing any sensitivity given where prices are on some of the food and beverage, shopping, et cetera at your properties? Thank you.
Jonathan Halkyard: Really no change in trend during the quarter as it relates to non-gaming spend. Things like entertainment spend kind of ebb and flow with the number of events that are going on in town. And as it relates to spend per cover in our food and beverage or retail, those trends were all pretty consistent during the quarter.
Corey Sanders: When you take the Super Bowl out of it, our revenue for occupied rooms are actually up about 3%.
Chad Beynon: Okay. Perfect. Thanks, Corey.
Corey Sanders: I'm sorry, go ahead.
Chad Beynon: Please finish.
Bill Hornbuckle: One thing on programming, because I think it's important and look, we all have eyes wide open on where all of this could go. But if I think about the calendar, we have 0.5 million more seats available in the market this next coming quarter, the second quarter than we did the first quarter between events at Allegiant, T-Mobile, at all the big block event houses. So we're adding 0.5 million seats, everything from Post Malone to Gaga is coming back. We're hosting an [indiscernible], Coldplay, Beyonce. And I could go on and on and on. So activity case is ripe and good, better than '24, replicates somewhat '23. And so we're excited by that. Time to tell when. Like I said earlier, 44% of your bookings in the last 30 days, you don't know until you know, but we like the programming, we like the momentum. We like our ability to control expenses. I think we're in good shape there. And what we've been able to do with labor and other costs, I think have collectively put us in the position that we're in.
Chad Beynon: Great. Thank you. And then back on the tariffs, one of the other competitors in the space paused a major project in the US here just because of uncertainty around cost and just getting the materials in. I know you're far out from planning anything major like New York and the US, but as you think about regular CapEx or maybe even a little bit further on some of those bigger projects, do you think this will change how you're thinking about ROIs to the point where maybe something would be off the table or it's still high enough above the cost of capital that it's kind of a no-brainer still? Thank you.
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, yeah, if you take New York out, and I think our capital issue is about $800 million of which is a couple of hundred million in what we consider true growth capital and there's about $600 million in core issues tied to IT, tied to room remodels. This year, as you know, we're doing MGM. I think next year is Aria, followed by Cosmopolitan in '27. Where we source for those projects, meaning those room remodels because that's the biggest thing that I think could be tariff-related, we'll have to pay close attention to. But unless something happens more macro with the environment and our balance sheet, we wouldn't change our thinking around those significant remodels. And so, no. I guess the answer to the question really is no other than that.
Chad Beynon: Great. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Hornbuckle for any closing remarks.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, operator. And again, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today. I think maybe to reiterate, we have a best-in-class high-quality portfolio of assets, both digital and physical. We think we'll generate and continue to generate meaningful cash flow, enabling us to take advantage of just about any opportunity, whether that's building in Japan or buying back shares at attractive multiples. I think we need to reiterate what Jonathan walked you through, understand the macroenvironment, but we are literally trading at 3.3 times multiple in our core business. And we see significant insight, obviously, ultimately with our digital businesses. As we look ahead, we're confident that our experienced management team, which has adopted through numerous economic cycles will further provide the ongoing resilience of the business we've had so many times before. Obviously, we have seen this. We're all veterans in many of these activities, better or worse. And we really think we're in a good space and a good place. And we do think Las Vegas is resilient and it's proven itself to be. And so we like where we are generally speaking. So thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Jonathan Halkyard, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Gary Fritz, President of MGM Interactive; Kenneth Feng, Executive Director and President of MGM China Holdings; Hubert Wang, COO and President of MGM China Holdings; and Howard Wang, Vice President of Investor Relations. All participants are in listen-only mode. After the company’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please note, this event is being recorded. Now I would like to turn the call over to Howard Wang. Please go ahead.
Howard Wang: Thanks, Gary. Welcome to the MGM Resorts International fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at investors.mgmresorts.com, and we have also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we will be making forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures when talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation, which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Bill Hornbuckle.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, Howard, and welcome to the team. We're very excited to have you join us. Let me start by thanking my colleagues at MGM Resorts for delivering yet another exceptional year of record results, including our best effort for consolidated net revenues, as well as an all-time high record annual domestic slot win, hotel revenue, and F&B revenue. Our company is in a solid and enviable position today because of the culture of our employees that built around show and the culture of yes. Our commitment and dedication to guest centricity is reflected in our Net Promoter Scores which set an all-time record for Gold+ customers in the fourth quarter and for the year. I can't say enough great things about our people here at MGM, who drive these great results day in and day out other than simply thank you. MGM is an industry leader, thanks to the strategic decisions we have executed on over the last few years. Our strategic plan has given us a strong financial foundation, proficient operations and unparalleled growth opportunities in both digital and brick and mortar. And we're off to a great start in 2025. Obviously, the Super Bowl was just played Sunday, and from a casino perspective, was a strong event for us here in Las Vegas and at BetMGM. As we look into the rest of this quarter, and the remainder of the year, we are seeking positive indicators, with revenues up -- we are seeing, excuse me, positive indicators with revenues up in our domestic operations in January as well as ADRs on pace to continue to grow for most of the year. All of this momentum is backed by a solid balance sheet, characterized by low net debt and significant liquidity. Our globally recognized brands, prime locations, development opportunities and growing digital platform enable us to reach more customers and more markets than any other company in our sector with over 46 million MGM reward members and a total addressable market exceeding $150 billion, including both our physical resorts and online markets. I'm truly excited by the opportunities in front of us in 2025 and beyond, and here's why. Our leading position in Las Vegas will be a source of stability and growth in the near term. We are investing in our business and the customer experience. In 2024, we continued a broad improvement throughout Bellagio, with the renovation of all of our suites, new food and beverage offerings as well as a refresh premium gaming spaces. Additionally, the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas was transitioned to MGM rewards and these regular capital investments into our resort operations drive continued guest visitation and increased spend. Las Vegas December slot handle and slot win were an all-time record level for any month in our history and contributed to the all-time quarterly record for slot handle and slot win in the fourth quarter. We are bringing to fruition our goal of being the industry leader in groups and meetings with over 2.2 million room nights on the books for 2025. Last year, we completed $100 million investment in Mandalay Bay Convention Center. And we welcome both new and existing convention customers to the space. In December, we closed on the strongest convention book month of a record for our company. In fact, the bookings in December were 43% higher than our prior record month, a promising trend for our future. We concluded our first year with Marriott in 2024, which outperformed our original expectations with over 660,000 room nights stayed in the year and higher track spend in the leisure package rooms we look to displace. Importantly, we see further runway to grow in 2025 since all of our properties will be live for a full year of bookings. During the fourth quarter, we also rebranded the Delano Tower at Mandalay Bay to the W Las Vegas, which has significantly -- which has significant brand recognition and will now allow the resort to benefit from the Marriott distribution system and Marriott Bonvoy program. MGM's omni-channel advantage is now a much more meaningful opportunity with the extension improvement of the functionality and speed of the app and the launch of single app, single wallet in Nevada at BetMGM. During football season, BetMGM's significant presence throughout Las Vegas drove a 60% increase in Nevada-acquired first-time depositors versus the prior season. We also saw a doubling in continued play of actives in their home state post their signup in Nevada, a signal that single app, single wallet is driving customer stickiness. These omnichannel players are three times more valuable than the digital-only players. Our regional properties are truly best in class and we expect them to remain a very steady source of free cash flow going forward. In Macau, we achieved the best ever full year segment adjusted EBITDA in the history of MGM China. We continue to be a high-performing outlier in the market with exceptional execution by the team. Macau 2049, our first residency show at MGM Cotai and the Poly Art Museum at MGM Macau, which sold over 10,000 people in one day during Chinese New Year's are both important steps to drive non-gaming revenues and visitation to Macau. We grew market share in December to over 16%, and we concluded the year at similar levels. We remain confident and believe we have proven that we have sustainable market share in the mid teens driven by our strong product innovation teams and the focus on the premium mass market. At BetMGM, our business is stronger in virtually every aspect compared to a year ago, and it drove over $2 billion in top-line growth in net revenue from operations, accelerating from 6% in the first half of the year to 19% in the second half of the year. As we look to 2025, BetMGM expects the momentum to continue with net revenues from operating rolling to a range of $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion and EBITDA inflecting positive, which represents an increase of approximately $250 million year-over-year. In iGaming, we expanded content and player engagement tools and posted approximately $1.5 billion in revenue with over $400 million in contribution. We maintain a podium position in iGaming, market share at 22% of GGR, putting us firmly at number three and three times the size of the fourth ranked operator. In online sports, our product experience has improved, dropping progress and engagement in the activity KPIs and importantly, setting us up to be contribution positive in OSB for the first time in 2025. We expect to see continued benefit of our operating leverage as we grow revenues sustainably with a strong belief that BetMGM is on its way to achieving the $500 million annual EBITDA we've talked about in the future. In international digital, we are inducing a new reporting segment, MGM Digital, which is composed of our wholly owned consolidated online business. This segment consists of thre major components. First, the core LeoVegas business, which is an established online gaming and sports betting operation in Europe. When excluding new brands, this business was solidly profitable in 2024. We've added features to this business such as content development with the acquisition of Push and sports betting with the purchase of Tipico's US betting Technology. Second, expansion of the core business through the launch of the BetMGM brand throughout Europe. And third, Brazil, which is a significant market opportunity we are going after through our venture with Grupo Globo. We believe in the long-run investment of our owned and operated digital business which collectively can achieve $1 billion in top line and healthy margins as a realistic medium-term target. In terms of progress and strategy, we are completing the progress of integrating Tipico's US sports betting technology through LeoVegas. We anticipate going live with our own sports betting platform in our initial market as soon as next week with more launches to follow in Q2. We have already deployed the Leo powered portion of the stack, combined with our brand against favorable market opportunities in terms of scale, including the UK and Brazil, and reinforced our market leading position in Sweden through BetMGM SE. We're also beginning to realize operating leverage against our more mature digital operations at LeoVegas and Push, now that much of the cost burden from the infrastructure building of these businesses is tapering. In our development pipeline, progress in Osaka is advancing as planned. Ground preparation is targeted for the completion of this year, with main construction set to commence shortly thereafter. The official groundbreaking ceremony is scheduled for April 24th, and additionally the opening of the Yumeshima subway in January marks a significant infrastructure milestone, enhancing transportation options for future guests to our resort. In New York, we plan to submit our RFA by the middle of the year, and we are actively engaged with the city of Yonkers on zoning. With a strong year in 2024 and good momentum to start 2025, MGM is proving that targeted capital spending for refreshing growth is critical to maintain our industry leading position and our long-term expansion. We also recognize that to realize the full potential of MGM's earnings power across the channels we operate in, providing additional transparency to our investor community is important. So we are doing exactly that. I'll now pass this over to Jonathan to provide some additional details.
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks very much, Bill. Before digging into the numbers, I'd like to take a moment to highlight a few important new disclosures that we are introducing this quarter. The first is consolidated adjusted EBITDA, a common metric which we think will provide a more familiar measure to compare our performance across others in other industries. The second relates to our digital businesses. We're now breaking out an MGM digital segment, which Bill touched on earlier, and we've expanded our disclosure of KPIs for BetMGM. With that, I'll move on to our fourth quarter results. In Las Vegas, in the face of comping to a very strong quarter last year, revenues were down 6% and adjusted EBITDAR was down 11%. Excluding the variances related to F1 [and hold] (ph), the underlying trends remain solid, evidenced by several data points, including an all-time quarterly record domestic slot win in the fourth quarter. We concluded the quarter and the year on a strong note with December occupancy and ADRs of single digits over 2023 and an all-time record for monthly domestic slot handle and slot win. This momentum gives us optimism that MGM's Las Vegas operations can grow in 2025, with the exception of the challenging comparisons this month of February, of course. Moving to the regional properties, we grew revenues by 7% and adjusted EBITDAR by 21% in the fourth quarter. MGM Grand Detroit drove a healthy portion of the year-over-year increase due to strong execution and the recovery from impacts of a labor strike in the previous year. But simply put, our strategy of operating best-in-class assets in high value geographies is leading to outperformance across our regional portfolio. We achieved the KPI performances we worked towards, growth in rated days, table drop, and slot revenues, while labor costs as a percentage of revenue were managed lower. In Macau, MGM China grew quarterly net revenues 4% year-over-year, and total dividends from MGM China to MGM resorts were approximately $200 million in the year. And last, but certainly not least, our new reportable segment MGM Digital. Now, this represents MGM's consolidated digital businesses. It does not include BetMGM, which remains an unconsolidated affiliate due to its 50-50 venture structure. Net revenues at MGM Digital grew 15% in the fourth quarter. While losses are narrowing in the UK from decreased marketing spend, increased spending related to the launch in Brazil will result in MGM Digital's 2025 EBITDAR losses to stay relatively consistent with those we had in 2024. On our last conference call, we discussed identifying approximately $200 million in operational EBITDA opportunities. We expect to capture approximately $150 million of these in calendar 2025. Roughly 35% of this is revenue actions and 65% is expense. And these initiatives will be deployed in a way that improves efficiency, leverages technology, and is more responsive to changes in consumer behavior. Before turning it back to Bill, it's really important to put our earnings power into perspective. In 2024, we generated approximately $2.4 billion of consolidated adjusted EBITDA and that includes $461 million of non-cash rent expense When you add back that non-cash rent, it represents a more accurate view of our cash earnings power We spent approximately $1.15 billion in CapEx during the year, both here in the US and in China. After deducting our CapEx, this is the fundamental earnings generation that we deploy to high return investments in the portfolio, unique development opportunities, and returns of capital to shareholders. And speaking of returns, we've purchased over 40% of our float since the beginning of 2021, including 3.4 million shares in the fourth quarter last year and another 8.4 million shares thus far in 2025, accelerating cash flow per share growth with this reduced share count. With the core brick and mortar operations delivering results, the growth potential of our digital businesses, and future contributions from our development projects, we can create significant value for our shareholders. Bill, over to you.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. Before we turn this over to questions, I'd like to double down and take a moment on Jonathan's last comment on share buybacks. We continue to see long-term value in our share price and in the continued momentum of our business. At this very moment, I see significant opportunity in the value of our shares and if you consider the following simple assessment, you see the opportunity, hopefully, that I see. The view that Las Vegas will continue to grow as it has over the last 50 years and no company is better positioned to take advantage of that growth than MGM given our footprint and operational capabilities. Add the stability and earnings of our regional properties, then simply take the market value of our Macau stock at face value, ignore the quantum leap we have made in sustainable market share performance, add the expectation that our digital businesses are at a tipping point, with BetMGM's earning inflection positive in 2025, coupled with the growth potential of MGM Digital, and ascribe a marginal value to that segment of the business, you put it together, and our business, our poor business is trading at four times 2024 adjusted EBITDA, well under its historic multiples. With this in mind, we will continue to be aggressive in our share buyback program as we think about near-term uses of our cash. With that operator, like to open it up for some questions and answers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today is from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Bill, Jonathan, maybe since we've got the incremental disclosures, we can just start off with the MGM Digital business quickly. Can you just give us a little bit more color on the scale of MGM's digital investment you see in that business specifically and maybe the outlook for near-term returns there?
Bill Hornbuckle: Sure, Shaun. The reason Gary is here is because he manages this business every day. And so, I'm going to turn it over to him.
Gary Fritz: Thanks, Shaun. Yeah, look, we've been hard at work at MGM Digital the past couple of years. We've been assembling a distribution network and a product platform that we believe gives us a great opportunity to compete digitally. We've completed -- principally completed our capital deployment program. As I think Bill has mentioned in the past, we've spent about $1 billion against the Leo business, building out the proprietary content development capabilities of Push and more recently, the acquisition of the sportsbook platform via Tipico’s US assets. And we're happy where we've ended up with all of that. We're hard at work integrating all of those assets together to create a platform and a set of player experiences that allow us to compete really anywhere in the world. We think market conditions are favorable. We should have that integration complete by the end of the first half of this year. In fact, we're going live next week with our first market on the fully integrated stack and we're excited about the innovation that, that unlocks and our increasing ability to compete. But what I don't think we want anybody to overlook is that why we've been capability building over the course of the past two years. Our core business at MGM Digital between Leo and Push, that's a $0.5 billion-plus revenue business. And if we were to operate those businesses with a standalone mentality, they'd be highly profitable, high double-digit margin businesses that would be very, very happy with their operational performance. But we've decided strategically that we want to augment those core businesses with targeted bets to drive long-term value creation. So, specifically, we've invested in organic growth against the BetMGM brand in a select handful of markets in Europe, the UK, the Netherlands and Sweden. Our early trading results in 2025 suggests that those investments are going well, growth is strong, and we believe the operating losses associated with the market entries are going to narrow throughout 2025, setting us up with a really strong exit rate and a meaningful opportunity for operational inflection going into '26. You then have Brazil. It's early days in Brazil. We're very, very happy with our partnership with Globo. We soft launched there in January when the market liberalized, and we're scheduled for our full media hard launch next week. We've built a local management team on the ground in Brazil. It's a $7 billion TAM, we believe, in Brazil, and we're excited to compete there on a level playing field. And then the final piece that we've decided to make a long-term bet against is what we call our MGM live operations. So, our live dealer content operations from the floors of our Vegas casinos, we're live already with our dual-play business, which continues to grow day over day, and we'll have expanded studio capacity coming up in the first half of this year. So, when you put all of that together, we feel confident we're largely done deploying capital against the owned and operated digital business. And we are definitely set up for the potential for that business to be $1 billion plus in revenue with healthy double-digit margins going forward.
Shaun Kelley: Perfect. Thank you. And then, Jonathan, probably just one quick follow-up for you, if I could. But last quarter, there was called out a little bit of BI proceeds in either the Las Vegas segment and the regional segment. We got a few inbounds on whether or not there was anything in this quarter to call out. I didn't hear anything in the prepared remarks there. Thanks.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yeah. We did not have any meaningful BI proceeds during the fourth quarter. It was an important quarter, though, on this front. We resolved the civil litigation during the fourth quarter. We still expect to receive additional business interruption proceeds during 2025 to the tune of the numbers that we've talked about previously. So, we expect those this year.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, Bill, Jonathan, everyone. You guys obviously have put some initiatives in, and I think you talked about it a little bit when you talked about some of the 65-35 split but I wanted to focus on Las Vegas and the revenue side. As you sit here today, kind of or on Jan 1, what do you see in kind of a flat demand environment just in terms of some of the pricing measures that you've put in, in terms of the magnitude of the head start you kind of have on the year from some of the various new kind of programs that you've put in for 2025 from a revenue perspective?
Jonathan Halkyard: Yeah. Carlos, first of all, January of 2025 was anything but flat. It was a very strong month for us and we can go into a little bit more detail on that, if you like. But to answer your question directly, it's in the tens of millions of dollars of revenue initiatives that we have put in place. Most of them actually were done during the month of December, so that we hit the year with that head start. But that gives you a sense of the magnitude of those.
Carlo Santarelli: Okay. Great. And then I just wanted to delve back to something, Jonathan, I believe you said in your remarks. On the last call, you guys talked about kind of the Super Bowl being, I want to say, $70 million was kind of the event magnitude for the strip on an EBITDA basis. You kind of talked about being able to grow monthly. And you weren't referring to February specifically. But when you think about kind of the impact of the Super Bowl in the first quarter, is the goal to be able to kind of offset that as we move through the year?
Jonathan Halkyard: Yeah, we're certainly going to do our best to do that. The impact of the Super Bowl, we estimated back in the fourth quarter or when we were last together on this call, I guess, in November. Turned out to be about our -- what we estimated about $65 million year-on-year. And so through the programs we described through organic growth, it is our goal to be able to overcome that. I'd also remind you that we do have some obstacles in terms of the impact of our renovation at the MGM Grand. This is a really important capital project for us. We've actually already got 600 rooms back online with great response from our customers. So that project is moving well, but it does -- it will impact us over the course of the year to the tune of about the same amount as the Super Bowl did year-over-year.
Bill Hornbuckle: And, Carlo, maybe one last color point. The Super Bowl, interestingly for us in the casino, was better than it was last year. Some of that was simple luck, but the bottom line is we ended up in a better place. So the degradation is hotel and sponsorships of note. Same with Chinese New Year. We had a good Chinese New Year's when it was all said and done. And so while I'm sure there's some momentum at the bottom end of the market that people are concerned with and want to watch out, watch out for. If you look at our year-end projections, we think we can exceed what we've done this year. So that implies exactly your question that we're going to surpass this Super Bowl and more. And so we're -- I think we're off to a great to start and January as an indicator was a really good month.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you both.
Operator: The next question is from Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandt Montour: Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. I also -- I would love for you to go into January, Jonathan, in terms of non-gaming versus gaming. And definitely, I want to hear about sort of your thoughts on room rates. I know that you sound very positive, but the December, January room rate effect versus October and November [except one] (ph) of you saw any sort of movement there sequentially?
Jonathan Halkyard: Yeah. I guess I walked right into that one, Brandt. So I appreciate the question. Yeah -- no, January, we set some January records for occupancy at 94% ADR for the record slot handle restaurant revenue. So these were all very strong indicators for us in terms of just aggregate demand. So, one of the reasons we felt good about the start of the year, Bill in his prepared remarks talked about the booking we had on the group side in December. Now those are the rooms that are booked not only for '25, but in years beyond '25, but it gives a sense of just the level of demand from that important segment for our rooms and that's, of course, reflected in rates. So again, except for February, which we've discussed year-over-year, we're seeing, let's call it, mid-single-digit growth in ADRs in the other months, at least in the nearer term view.
Corey Sanders: And what I would add is even in October and November, October was really limited to the first week of the year, and those were Jewish holidays and you don't get a lot of convention business. And the rest of October was pretty solid. Throughout the F1 week, the rest of November was pretty solid. December has been great. As Jonathan said, January will continue -- was a great month. And then February outside of the Super Bowl weekend, it's going to be a great month for us from an ADR perspective.
Brandt Montour: Okay. Great. That's really helpful, guys. And I guess the follow-up question is kind of more of the why. Obviously, the convention you have momentum with Marriott and their group engine. But when you look across regionals and Vegas and all of the different data you see, is there a sense that your -- that the consumer just feels better post-election? Do you feel like there's a trend change there?
Bill Hornbuckle: Brandt, it's Bill. I don't know if I'd go that far, but I would say this, and the Marriott example you brought up is a good one and we didn't have them in play last January, but we all did a year-end or beginning of the year launch. And we've now, for the fourth week in a row, booked over 20,000 room nights with Marriott. And so I think we're about 85,000 room nights for the last four weeks, which, if that continues, and we have a pace and a goal of about 900,000 this year. That changes the dynamic. It just does. That's just a lot of room nights, which help a great deal underlying the foundation of what we do and how we do it and how we leverage the rest of our yielding. So that's been positive. You heard me mention the convention numbers earlier. Now, the interesting thing about that is tech business has come back. Obviously, some of it's in '25, much of it's in '26 and '27. So there's been no sign from corporate America to us that they're quote unquote concerned to the contrary, particularly when you think about what happened in December, we put a push on it and the result was just staggering in terms of the number of room nights that we booked. And so I don't know, Corey or Jonathan…
Corey Sanders: I would add, our core casino business is very solid. And the amount of room nights we have on the casino segment in Las Vegas is also helping us yield the rooms up. So we're pretty favorable on what we see looking forward in that segment also.
Bill Hornbuckle: Our active base, our MGM Rewards database, has never been larger. Obviously, BetMGM is added to that, et cetera, et cetera. And so it's just all inflecting in Las Vegas down a couple of hotels, not forgetting that.
Brandt Montour: Excellent. Thanks, everyone. Nice quarter.
Operator: The next question is from David Katz with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Katz: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to go back to digital, if I may. And I'm just curious, the degree to which MGM Digital is engaged at all, aligned or in any way with BetMGM in the US and how that is affected?
Bill Hornbuckle: David, let me kick that off, and I'll turn it over to Gary to clean up any sloppiness I may create here. But we have specifically with content development and with Push, we have created games that they are using. I think Gary can speak to the success of some of those MGM branded games. We will ultimately, over time, look at some of the live dealer things we've talked about. We think it's meaningful coming from the home of and it's real. And when you see the thing that we all built at MGM brand itself, on the casino floor, it's compelling. And so, Gary, I don't know if you want to clean that up.
Gary Fritz: No, I think that's right. I mean I think like content creation and content development is probably the area where the MGM Resorts digital capabilities helps BetMGM the best. In terms of the owned and operated BetMGM distribution points and cooperating with BetMGM, we certainly try not to do things that are silly and we try to make sure we can support each other where we can. But those are two very distinctly operated businesses, given the nature of the joint venture agreement.
David Katz: Got it. And just following up on your commentary with respect to sports betting, is there any sort of back and forth or information share, content share or anything like that?
Gary Fritz: We operate those businesses largely independently.
David Katz: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Barry Jonas with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Barry Jonas: Hey, guys. Really appreciate the commentary on the MGM Grand hotel renovations and the impact you expect. Maybe talk about how we should think about the ADR uplift once these rooms come back online? And any overall ROI expectations we should think about for the model? Thanks.
Bill Hornbuckle: I had an opportunity, by the way, to walk them for the first time yesterday or day before. They came out spectacular. And I think they are actually a complete change and uplift to the property. More so than any of the renovation we've done in a while. So, Corey, you can handle the math?
Corey Sanders: Yeah. I think between the convention business and getting the rates we should get for there because those rooms are new. We are going to convert some rooms into suites. We think there's some lift there also, both from an ADR perspective and a casino perspective. To quantify the uplift, we'll raise our minimum rates there, but I don't think we'd put a pencil to that paper quite yet.
Barry Jonas: Got it. Got it. And we get a lot of questions from clients about states increasing sports betting taxes, governor of Maryland also talked about maybe increasing table games taxes. So kind of just wanted to get your thoughts. How concerned are you about more states looking to raise digital or land-based taxes? And two, are there ways for you to sort of offset this? Thanks.
Corey Sanders: Yeah. Obviously, this is something we've dealt with for a very long time. The fact that we're now in 42 states, give or take, with particularly with digital opportunities, makes it more complex. I think for now in Maryland, I think we've cured that moving forward. I feel very comfortable about that because when we sat with the Governor of the office and went through the gives and takes and what that meant in terms of employment and jobs and some of the other commitment we met -- the commitments we gave to the community, there was a pretty quick and good understanding of that. And so I think we've backed that down. And it's a competitive landscape. Virginia now has not only casinos to the south, but they're talking about one to the north. As it relates to digital, I think it's going to be an ongoing game, if you will. I think there are markets that get it. There are markets that want to see true growth and keep it onshore versus offshore out of black holes. And there's a couple of states, I think we'll continue to battle. It will be interesting to see states come up next for iGaming and how they think about tax. I do believe it's manageable. I think we've done -- I think we, the entity, by the way, it's not just on MGM. I've done a good job so far communicating what's at stake and why. And so never say never, but out of all the things that keep me up at night, it's not one of them. I don't know if it keeps you up, Gary.
Gary Fritz: It certainly keeps me up, yes.
Barry Jonas: I appreciate it. Nice quarter. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from John DeCree with CBRE. Please go ahead.
John DeCree: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. I just maybe wanted to ask about, you've commented a little bit on how strong the swap business had been in Las Vegas, particularly in December. And curious if you could maybe dive into that a little bit and, because I sense if you have an idea of what's driving that? Is it kind of how you're feeling rooms? And just kind of looking to see how sustainable those slot growth trends might be?
Jonathan Halkyard: Yeah. I think it does have to do with, of course, the casino mix that we have in the business in the fall and into December. I think it also comes down to product. We do have a, I think, a very proficient slot center of excellence that does an outstanding job managing our product portfolio and also -- and doing so, I think, at very reasonable CapEx levels. But in the end, I think it's just the work that we've done to manage the mix of the hotel. We've also made some important capital investments this year in high-limit slot areas, ARIA, MGM Grand, The Bellagio is underway. And in the regions, we've done it in National Harbor as well as some work at the Borgata and others. So, it's all of those things coming together to really build a robust slot business.
Corey Sanders: And we've also seen an uplift from our regions coming into Vegas also. So that's helped also.
John DeCree: Got it. Thanks, Jonathan and Corey. Maybe, one more. It's a bit of ways ahead to think about F1 this year, but though the first year was gangbusters and then we talked about last year's 2024 F1 quite a bit. But curious on your thoughts if there's things that you might do differently this year for 2025 and ways to kind of keep improving and calibrating the approach to F1 from MGM's perspective?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yeah, I'll take that. This is Bill. Look, at 40,000 feet, first year was a phenom. It was the first time, et cetera. Our average rates, which really drove our results are like 800 and change throughout the company. Interestingly, this year, though, there were 400 and change. And that is literally 2x the normal. If you all recall, this is the second worst weekend of the year. So we're excited to continue to support it. We're excited to be behind it. We cut back on our ticket packaging this year. We focused on the Fountain Club. We got rewarded for that. But I think if you think about Formula One and going forward, the best news I've heard is they are recontemplating and considering pricing and what to charge. And I think that's meaningful because to the extent we can get a foundation going early, we can continue to build on that. And so I think that messaging has been delivered and heard. So we're excited by that. And then obviously, we and the rest of the city, have a quote unquote three-year deal with an extension opportunity. We don't think it's going anywhere. We don't want it to go anywhere. But come next year, we're going to have to obviously sit down and discuss what it feels like going forward from there.
John DeCree: Great. Thanks, Bill. Appreciate it, everyone.
Operator: The next question is from Stephen Grambling with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, thanks for taking the question. Maybe turning to Macau. I just wondering if there's any color you could provide on Chinese New Year, how we started the year, just given all the noise from a tariff and otherwise, and there just seems to be kind of conflicting commentary out of the industry data so far.
Bill Hornbuckle: I'll turn this over to Kenny here in a minute. I think we had a great Chinese New Year in terms of market share, particularly win and visitation for our properties. But Kenny, why don't you give us some real color, Hubert?
Kenneth Feng: Okay. This is Kenny from Macau. I think like we had a pretty solid Chinese New Year. Both properties recorded strong traffic about like 18% higher than the 2024 Chinese New Year. Like -- gaming volume was also higher than last year's Chinese New Year, and we have maintained our mid-teens market share. Particularly I want to point out, we have noticed a very, very longer tail to Chinese New Year with a high percentage of players arriving post-Chinese New Year holidays versus 2024. Actually, our business volume was almost in the second week of Chinese New Year was as strong as the first week of Chinese New Year. I think that's the comment from me.
Stephen Grambling: Great. Thank you. Maybe one unrelated follow-up, if I can sneak one in, just on Vegas. I think you had said that the aspiration is for EBITDA to be positive kind of post Super Bowl comparison here. I guess within that, is there any color you could provide on how to think about the run rate wages and any other puts and takes on the expenses for Vegas in particular?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yeah. I'll kick it off, and Corey can clean this up for sure, John. I think the biggest thing to think about is, remember, we're now going into the third year of our culinary agreement. And so June, while there's a step-up, it's demonstrably less than it was. I think we went from 12, Corey, help me, or just under 6.
Corey Sanders: And I think it's a little lower.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yeah. And we're now in the 4s. So if we think about wage and inflation increase in that perspective, I think we're in really good shape. I think the team has gotten a really good handle on FDEs. We have been flat now for some time. And I think I'm encouraged by it because as I stated earlier, we continue to keep our MPS and our service where we want and needed to be without adding additional staff. And so that piece of it, I think, is well under control.
Corey Sanders: Yeah. What I would add is, some of the initiatives we're running through, we think, hopefully, will also bring our labor costs down. So the goal would be is to neutralize as much of the increase as possible and feel pretty positive that we'll be able to do that.
Stephen Grambling: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is from Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Dan Politzer: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. First, you took a lot of slot share in the quarter, but your rate of promotions was up a tad. Are there any changes in your strategy or the promotional environment that you'd call out? And are you more aggressively going after that slot player?
Jonathan Halkyard: No, no meaningful change in the promotional investment. I mean we are always tweaking it and try to improve, but nothing, no meaningful change either way.
Dan Politzer: Got it. And just to clarify, it does sound like you're certainly more constructive on the demand environment. Jonathan, you called out ADR up mid-single digits ex the Super Bowl and record January. So just wanted to clarify. So the first quarter, I mean, even with the Super Bowl lapping, it sounds like you should grow and then the same thing for the second quarter through fourth quarter. I just want to make sure we're getting that straight. Thanks.
Jonathan Halkyard: It's going to be pretty difficult in the first quarter with a $65 million year-over-year headwind. So the way we plan the business is, we try to adjust internally for those not that we give ourselves a pass in terms of growing the business, but we just have to be realistic about that headwind.
Bill Hornbuckle: I think -- but to save not for that, meaning Super Bowl, ADRs, OCK and all we feel progressive and positive on. I want to make sure that you understand the rational reason for that is principally, and for today, given what we've seen today, Super Bowl.
Dan Politzer: Got it. That makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. Just circling back on your comment that you were kind of targeting to make up for that $65 million in Super Bowl for the year. I don't know if we could take that as like soft guide that you think EBITDA will be flat year-over-year in Vegas. But just wondering, you mentioned the $150 million of the $200 million in opportunity kind of mix of revenue expense. With that $150 million, is that part of what gets you to flat in Vegas for the year or is that the incremental? I don't know if that was sort of a company-wide number? Thanks.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yeah, that is a company-wide number, and we certainly don't intend guidance one way or the other. We're just trying to put some of the pieces together so people can understand what our objectives are this year. We have two things to overcome. The Super Bowl, we talked about quite a lot. I mentioned the impact of the renovation of the MGM Grand, which is off to a fantastic start. But we do have a number of things going for us. Of course, the solid execution so far this year. And then this program that we put in place at the -- early in November of last year to get ourselves in a position to overcome some of those obstacles. So that's pretty much where it stands for the year.
Robin Farley: Okay. Thank you. And as a follow-up, just on the share repurchase intentions. I feel like at times last year, you've talked about not necessarily repurchasing shares at the same rate you had in kind of more recent years. How should we think about kind of what level of share repurchase you might be thinking about for '25? Thanks.
Jonathan Halkyard: We're really -- we think there is a tremendous value in the shares right now for the reasons -- some of the reasons Bill articulated at the end of his prepared remarks. I mean the fact of the matter is, while we have some attractive investments in front of us, our own shares, the investment we know the best represents such a compelling value that we just think it's the most responsible thing to do to allocate capital toward that. So that's why we made those comments. And at these levels, we just think it's very attractive. So that's why we say we're going to continue to be aggressive.
Robin Farley: It could be at a similar rate to last year's repurchase?
Jonathan Halkyard: I mean we did $120 million in the fourth quarter, and we've done almost $300 million so -- during the month of January. So you can see how we've picked up the pace on that driven by the -- really just the valuation of the shares.
Bill Hornbuckle: Robin, I think just double down here, we'll remain active and aggressive to the extent the share price is in the realm that it's in. And then maybe, look, despite, I don't want even to walk away with the flat commentary is flat. Despite the issues that we have, we have projected growth. I'm not going to say much in Las Vegas EBITDA in 2025. Obviously, it's a long way to go. We all understand the ups and downs of this business. But fundamentally, we love the summer season. We've got -- which is always important to us in terms of lineup of entertainment. We've got everyone and their brother coming back. And so we're excited by that. So we remain optimistic and positive. And so I just want to make sure that it's left in that bank.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you very much. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Chad Beynon with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Chad Beynon: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Bill. I was just going to pile on kind of where you left off on that last question. So if we think about Vegas, just the luxury versus the core, obviously, notwithstanding what's going on at MGM Grand. Is it safe to say that you and the team still believe that the pricing opportunities and the growth will still probably put luxury exceeding core again kind of what we're seeing the hotel industry. Is that kind of your view at this point based on group casino bookings and just kind of where you see the consumer?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yeah, absolutely. And for us, particularly given the nature of our business and the nature of who we attract and who we appeal to, give you a little off the color stat here. If you think about the fourth quarter, and you think about premium customers, you saw what we missed in the fourth quarter by, there was less than 10 customers that equated to about $80 million of [baccarat] (ph) year-over-year difference. And so that can go either way, go up and go down. But it's pretty consistent. And given our scale and scope, we obviously enjoy a nice piece of that -- oversized piece of that. But yes, we feel positive, particularly about the top end of the marketplace.
Chad Beynon: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then on the digital business, as we look at some of these markets that you talked about that you're growing into, is there a market share goal that you believe can be achieved? Is that kind of uniform across markets? Or is every market different given the number of players and the tax rate and the like?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yeah. I think we try to calibrate our market share target to the relative maturity of the market, competitive intensity and whether or not we have the strength of our value proposition in any given market. So it would be hard to say that we have a uniform target across everything. That being said, I don't think we think it's worth attacking or entering a market if our goal wasn't to get to at least 5% in any given market we entered.
Chad Beynon: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Hornbuckle for any closing remarks.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Now it's late, particularly back on the East Coast. I'd love to wish everyone a happy belated New Year. This year marks the year of the snake which interestingly symbolizes strength, renewal and growth. We see a great deal of strength in our land-based US Macau operations and a positive trajectory that we believe will continue well into '25. Renewal of several story franchises with fresh capital and rebranding initiatives, particularly here at Bellagio, what we're attempting in doing at MGM Grand and the newly rebranded W at Mandalay and growth I think you've heard a lot about that today in terms of the change that MGM is expecting to produce and ultimately, what happens to the balance of our digital platforms and, of course, Japan. We think there's plenty of reasons to be optimistic for each of our business segments within MGM. And with that, we thank you all and wish you a good night.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Jonathan Halkyard, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Kenneth Feng, Executive Director and President of MGM China Holdings; Hubert Wang, COO and President of MGM China Holdings, and Andrew Chapman, Director of Investor Relations. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. Now I would like to turn the call over to Andrew Chapman. Please go ahead.
Andrew Chapman: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International third quarter 2024 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the internet at investors.mgmresorts.com, and we've also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures when talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation, which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Jonathan Halkyard.
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks, Andrew. Good afternoon, and thanks everyone for joining us today. I’m happy to report that MGM Resorts posted record third quarter consolidated net revenues and record third quarter revenue and adjusted property EBITDA at MGM China. Additionally, we saw record ADRs in Las Vegas and record occupancy at our regional resorts. These outstanding results are a testament to our MGM resource, colleagues worldwide, who are committed to providing outstanding service to our guests every day. Thank you through our dedication, hard work and commitment to operational excellence. All of us on the senior leadership team are proud of what we continue to achieve together. As a team, we continue to raise the bar here in Las Vegas and in our regional properties. In fact, MGM has nearly doubled its EBITDAR in Las Vegas since 2019 and has grown regional EBITDAR by almost 20% over that time period. We've improved our properties and operations to attract new sports and entertainment drivers, and as a result, our business is in a stronger position than ever. Turning to the details of our results, first in Las Vegas. Revenues were up 1% while adjusted property EBITDAR was up 2%. We grew month-to-month during the quarter with many of our key metrics demonstrating strength, including a 3% increase in ADR, an occupancy increase of 250 basis points, and 4% growth in slot handle. The Las Vegas properties this quarter benefited from $37 million in business interruption proceeds related to the cybersecurity incident a year ago. In the fourth quarter here in Las Vegas, we're encouraged by the stability of demand that we're seeing. We're also gearing up for year two of F1, which while not as large as last year's event, still brings significant economics to MGM during what has historically been one of the slowest weekends of the year, no more. Within our operating model, our team is focused on driving organic growth through ongoing cost review and strategic customer pricing initiatives. These activities will combine to further bolster our organic growth story. Now moving to the regional properties, we grew revenues by 3% while adjusted property EBITDAR increased by 2%, driven by strong slot handle and growth in rated days, are best indicators of overall visitation to the properties. Our regional properties this quarter benefit from $15 million in business interruption insurance proceeds. The insurance proceeds we received in the quarter, totaling 52 million, we believe represent less than half of the funds we'll collect ultimately. In Macau, MGM China achieved a record-breaking third quarter with net revenues increasing 14% year-over-year and adjusted property EBITDAR rising 5% resulting in a 26% margin. Our market share for the quarter was 15%. Given our outstanding performance this year, MGM China announced a special dividend, bringing total dividends to MGM Resorts to approximately $200 million in 2024. In digital, I'm very encouraged by BetMGM's third quarter performance. During Q3, we achieved profitability again, record iGaming results, and a 70% increase in first-time depositors while stabilizing market share. I'll conclude, as always, with a few thoughts on our free cash flow algorithm. Through the first 9 months of the year, our revenues have grown by 9%, generating $1.7 billion of cash from operations. With capital expenditures of approximately $750 million, this results in free cash flow of about $944 million. Looking ahead, we plan to build upon this strong foundation with organic growth from our resort operation, building on our longstanding track record of outpacing the escalators on our fixed rent, incremental value from a commercial gaming license in New York, significant value generation from our online operations, both in North America through BetMGM here in the U.S., and globally through MGM International Digital, fixed rate interest with no near-term maturities and relatively flat maintenance capital, all augmented by opportunistic repurchasing of our shares. Bill, over to you.
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks, Jonathan, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm happy to say that MGM is in a great position today due to the strategic choices we've made over the past decade. These choices have transformed MGM Resorts, giving us a strong financial foundation and unmatched growth opportunities. Our globally recognized brands, prime locations, development opportunities and evolving digital platforms enable us to reach more customers and more markets than any other company in our sector. We operate on a large scale with 18 global casino properties, over 75,000 employees worldwide, and a total addressable market exceeding $150 billion, including both our physical resorts and online markets. As we continue to expand internationally to drive long-term value to our shareholders, we remain bullish on our leading position in Las Vegas in the short-term. First, Vegas has consistently grown over the past 30 years plus with the Strip's gross gaming revenues reaching all-time records in about half of those years, even in the face of various macroeconomic conditions. As Jonathan noted, as we saw, record ADR in the third quarter, which is testament to the strength of this market. We're reinforcing our goal of being the industry leader in groups and meetings and have invested, as you know, over $100 million in the now-complete Mandalay Bay Convention Center, which saw record catering and banquet results in 2024. MGM's omni-channel advantage is now more than meaningful opportunity with the launch in the third quarter of Single App, Single Wallet here in Nevada. Our relationship with Marriott continues to exceed our expectations. Bonvoy guests are driving higher spend to our properties, and we also announced last week plans to rebrand our Delano Tower at Mandalay Bay to a W Resort which has significant brand recognition. Over the past decade Las Vegas has become a major player in the sporting world. While we're already home to many major sports leagues in America, the city continues to build on its impressive track record. A great example was the USC-LSU game in September that saw us sold out of Legion Stadium and demonstrates the growth potential beyond global events like the Super Bowl. We're looking ahead to the relocation of MLB's A's, hosting the NCAA's men's final four in a few years, and are hopeful and are working towards an NBA expansion team. These events will continue to draw more visitors to Las Vegas, and our Prime Strip footprint positions us to capture a greater wallet share, driving the organic growth we are confident Las Vegas will continue to deliver for many years to come. In the regions, we continue to expand stable results across the portfolio, supported by a rational promotional environment and a stable economic backdrop. Looking ahead, we expect our regional properties to remain reliable sources of free cash flow, with almost all of our properties being market leaders, located in affluent areas and operating with relatively low capital requirements. In Macau, we had yet another record quarter of growth, driven by robust mass market volumes. Our exceptional golden week performance, which just concluded with volumes up 20% compared to 2019, underscores the region's post-pandemic recovery and the resilience of the general economy and positive momentum still in Macau. Our team continues to perform at a high-level and we remain confident in our long-term ability to sustain market share in the mid-teens. We're also investing in several capital improvements across our properties aimed at protecting our premium mass market position and driving organic visitation. These initiatives include the renovation of Macau's villas and conversion of base rooms and co-tie into suites, increasing our suite count by 25%. Additionally, we're excited around the upcoming launch of our new show, MGM 2049, scheduled to open by the year-end. It's produced and directed by Johnny Mo, the creator of the 2008 Beijing Olympics opening ceremony. And in connection with our government commitments, we're also excited by the new Poly Museum at MGM Macau to further expand on our cultural non-gaming offerings and to drive visitation. In digital, same as in our land based business, we're also always focused on continuing to enhance the customer experience. This quarter, BetMGM launched a single account, single wallet feature in Nevada for football, and the results were immediate and profound, leading to a doubling of first time depositors here in the state. We also further integrated Angstrom, enhancing our parlay product offerings, and through the first 8 weeks of the season, we saw a 200 basis point increase in the percent of bets coming from both traditional parlay and same game parlays. As we move through the football season, we are closely monitoring this increasingly encouraging metrics as first time deposits, retention and reactivation to ensure sustained growth and engagement. Internationally, in the third quarter, we entered into a strategic venture with the Grupo Globo, Latin America's largest media group based in Brazil. This venture is meaningful as it allows us to leverage MGM's LeoVegas technology and gain access to 70 million people providing invaluable insights into Brazil's consumer market. This aligns with our broader strategy to expand our digital footprint globally and tap into emerging markets. We aim to launch in January of '25 pending licensing approval. In terms of development, we are making significant progress in Osaka, aiming to complete ground preparation starting main construction in the middle of next year. In New York, we continue to advance our zoning requirements and plan to submit our RFA sometime as well in the middle of the late next year. Beyond these accomplishments, we are actively pursuing other global growth opportunities, including the UAE and Thailand. These initiatives will fuel future growth and diversify our geographic reach and our earning sources. Our momentum is backed by a solid balance sheet characterized by low debt and significant liquidity ready for strategic deployment. With a strong pipeline of initiatives spanning short, medium and long-term, we're well-positioned to sustain growth and drive future success all while returning cash to shareholders. Of course, none of this ambitions can be made possible without the commitment and dedication of our people to improving service consistently and delivering operational excellence 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. I am always mindful of their efforts and always grateful for their loyalty to MGM Resorts and our guests. With that, operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joseph Greff: Good afternoon, everybody. I'd love to start with Las Vegas. Obviously, numbers here were a little bit soft on the table game volume side. Can you tell me what's going on, or are we just kind of seeing broad normalization in that segment and as we kind of think about the go forward in Las Vegas, so, are we kind of thinking that trend continues and we're sort of looking at this $700 million or a little bit less kind of run rate quarterly EBITDA, with margins that are in the more towards the low 30s versus the mid 30s. That’s what you guys reported here in the 3Q, the insurance proceeds benefit.
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks, Joe. It's Jonathan, and I'll address that one. First of all, in terms of our margin expectation, we continue to believe that our Las Vegas operations can produce margins in the mid-30s on an EBITDAR basis. As it relates to your first question, the first part of your question, it's clear our table game drop was down year-over-year pretty significantly, and this was due almost entirely to our high-end BAC [ph] business. And this is the way this business is, and that the timing of the trips from these largest customers is not, of course, our choice. And so some of that just didn't fall in this third quarter as we would have expected it to and certainly as it did last year. Then we, of course, have -- we have the varying fortunes of our whole percentage and that has some fluctuation year-to-year, although I'd note it was pretty normal during the third quarter. So I do look at these as mostly timing issues. There's nothing that we're seeing in the table games business that would indicate any kind of softness going forward. We still think that that's a robust part of our business.
William Hornbuckle: And so maybe a couple points of color. Our gross profit on the balance of, take Baccarat out of the equation, on the balance of our database and all of our programs and programming, I think, of course, for the quarter was up 12%. And so I think it shows, you take out the top six or seven players, where there was a substantive swing either between mix, not mix, between hold and not showing up, it accounts for a great deal of the miss. And then maybe another top line, 7 of our 10 properties had revenues up across the board for the quarter. I can assure you it was the top ones because of the blocker audit it did not. But I think to think about it fundamentally, and you think about some of the things we talked about earlier, ADR, slot, handle, all fundamentals are still strong and we're excited by that continuing to move forward.
Joseph Greff: Just kind of thank you [indiscernible] for that. Just to give us some sort of perspective on Baccarat composition within the total table games drop, if we were to look at failing 12 months or 2023, what percentage of drop comes from Baccarat? If we were to look at segment margins on that, how do they compare to the rest of either the gaming segment or to the overall Las Vegas strip portfolio.
William Hornbuckle: All right. Corey is looking for the exact number, but maybe I'll put it in perspective. And we hate doing this because every time we do this, we get at the other side of this coin. But look, a hold was off down, although normal 15% from the year before. And between that and this business, it's like an $80 million mission Baccarat for us. So, you can understand the quantum of that number versus anything that's, particularly as comparative to last year. If you look at year-to-date, it's about 30% of our drop is Baccarat.
Joseph Greff: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Shaun Kelly with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Bill or Jonathan wanted to ask about BetMGM a little bit. So the high-level question is maybe just on the strategy here. Bill, it sounds like you're encouraged by some of the Angstrom KPIs that you're seeing so far. But can you walk us through just sort of how you're evaluating that more medium term, specifically, in the context of -- we have seen sort of the fight changed a little bit by some of the other operators in the market have started to kind of pivot to focus a bit more on the iCasino side with some success there. So how are you kind of seeing the two business lines, OSB versus iGaming progressing and how do you think about allocating resources there in the medium term?
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, I'll kick it off. Look, we've said, and we still believe this, particularly with the new product lineup coming into the third and fourth quarter for football, that 2024 is going to be an investment year. I think the new product, and I call out our friends at Entain who ultimately delivered this for us, it has done what it needed to do. It is faster. Our parlays are up a couple hundred basis points, as I indicated earlier. Our retention is up, which we think is positive. The top line, the very top line of GGR is up close to 20% for the quarter. And so we find ourselves continuing to want to invest, grow the top line. Our quantum of our gaming business is substantive. And we ultimately could take a different strategy. Remembering and recognizing to get prepared for this launch, we've committed commercially to both terrestrial as well as sponsorships into the third and fourth quarter. They didn't, if we want to stop tomorrow, we couldn't necessarily. So we are studying it. We like what we see early on in terms of these green shoots. We think they're meaningful. We think they'll pay dividend in the long run for sure. And the other surprising thing to me, iGaming, even in a state like New Jersey, is up plus double digits. And that's a state that's had iGaming, I don't know, 15 years. I can't remember how long it's been, but it's been an extended period. So we continue to see growth there as well. And our business is substantive. The moment we want to turn philosophically to, I think, what others have done, it's there for us. But as long as we're seeing top line growth by 20%, I think for the rest of this year, we're going to be in the mode that we're in.
Shaun Kelley: That's helpful. And then maybe it's just my follow-up, just kind of continue with the same thought. Just I think generally the profit targets giving the investment year imply, that loss in the second half were I think supposed to be similar to what you saw in the first. Obviously, the quarter was pretty good. So should we sort of manage or expect a bigger dip in Q4, just given I think the timing of the way some of the expenses hit, and then any investment in Q1 or early next year around Brazil? Thanks.
William Hornbuckle: Yes, so as it relates to BetMGM, I think what we said earlier in the year is going to hold true. I think that's a good way to look at the business. And in terms of, we're going to launch a big market. Now, remembering our partner, Globo, has put in, this is not a standard sponsorship deal, this is truly an equity deal. They've put in advertising dollars for equity. And so the expense of that was meaningful for all of us. We will be handle and look at differently. But it will be part of what they do in terms of the business. We provide the technology, they provide the media platform. And so, -- but yes, we're going to launch in a new country. And so, that number will be in the tens of millions over the course of the year. But we -- time to tell when we ultimately end up, there's probably going to be a lot of competition. There's already many, many folks who have operated inside the gray market there. We love Globo as a partner and its scale. It literally controls about 80% of the eyeballs in Brazil. And we think where our product offering is going to be substantive and meaningful.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey everybody. Good afternoon. Bill, I just wanted to ask about something you mentioned about the $80 million Baccarat swing. Clearly, as we look at the fourth quarter, you guys had tremendous kind of luck, presumably with high-end customers. In the 4Q last year, whole percentage comparison, one of the toughest I could recall in a very long time. Could you guys maybe try and put some parameters around that, whether it's from a, well, I guess EBITDA perspective, we could all do the GGR perspective, but to kind of give us a sense for how we should be thinking about just that headwind alone as we think about the fourth quarter?
William Hornbuckle: Sure, Carla, it's Jonathan. Yes, we look fondly on that quarter, the quarter of 2023, if memory serves. We did $860 million, $870 million or so of EBITDAR. The -- I think the simple math is that probably benefited us by about $70 million during the quarter, during the entire quarter. So we're of course fighting the good fight to attract customers back to our properties and including those customers. And then the other thing I would mention though is that as we look forward we -- we've talked about November a bit, but as we look forward in December we are seeing some a very healthy group environment and pretty healthy pricing for the hotel -- hotels in our system here in Las Vegas as well. So there are some offsets to that, but it was about a $70 million number last year.
Jonathan Halkyard: And I would say, which will be helpful, the Formula One, despite the slow start on rooms and some of that's not catch-up able, when it comes to gaming, we're looking at an equal, if not better, theoretical entry into that event. Now, as you know, anything can happen, but we are excited by at least at the high-end what that event continues to generate for us in terms of people coming in.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. And then, as it pertains to the 3Q, it looks like contra revenues promotions in the gaming segment were somewhere in the range of like 46% of your gaming revenue in the period. Is that, that's up year over year, there's clearly moving parts. Obviously you had a nice hold comparison in the third quarter last year that's going to shift that percentage around a little bit. But is that level of kind of reinvestment, that 44 to kind of 46 window you've been in for the first 9 months of this year, a decent go forward rate, given kind of the mix you're shooting for and of hotel room nights you're shooting for and the, obviously, the maximizing profit within the business?
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, I would say it is a pretty decent rate. We had a good level of casino room nights during the third quarter, and that reflects in the contract expenses, but I think that it's a safe level going forward.
Carlo Santarelli: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Katz with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Katz: Hi, afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to go back to the sort of matter of BetMGM and congrats on the progress there. I think, Bill, if I'm correct in the past you've said that you'd sort of like to own all of it one day if you could. And I just wanted to get a sense for if that's still true, and how you think about that in the context of repurchasing stock versus keeping power drive for that. Thank you. No follow-up question.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, David, that was I think I heard your question but for some reason it's extremely loud. Look our relationship with Entain continues to strengthen. I think I've said it last call, I'll say it again this call. We think the management change has been productive, and I think in the long haul will be good for both their business and ours. We like the product and the direction it's going and what we've done, and so we like where we are with them. There's always room for improvement on both sides of this, but for now, that's our position, and that's really all I'm going to say about it.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephen Grambling with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Hi, thanks. Just, I guess, focusing on operating expenses, I think that when we adjust out some of the insurance proceeds, it was around 6% year-over-year in the regions, 3 in Vegas. Was there anything unique in either of these numbers this quarter? And then, as we think about next year, are there any puts, takes to consider in operating expenses as we think about what level of growth you need to hold margins?
Jonathan Halkyard: So, yes, Stephen, on the expenses, there were some unusual items in both Las Vegas and the regions. In Las Vegas, we had a collections expense of about $20 million over last year in the third quarter, and that is a formulaic exercise that we do looking at our casino receivables. There's nothing that indicates any kind of degradation in the credit quality or the payments of our casino customers. It's just the way the timing worked out. And in the regions, we had about $15 million of unusual expenses year-on-year. Those related to, one was kind of an operational issue we had in Atlantic City in July, and then there was a worker's comp accrual and so on. So about $15 million in the regions. In terms of OpEx for next year, there's really nothing that I would call out right now.
William Hornbuckle: And I would also add …
Stephen Grambling: Go ahead.
William Hornbuckle: Just one more thing. I would add that in the -- in Las Vegas and in the regions, our FTE count was flat even down that 1% year-on-year.
Stephen Grambling: That's helpful. As a follow-up on BetMGM, just to clarify, I think you said 20% growth in revenue, or maybe that was GGR. Can you clarify what that split maybe looked like between iGaming and OSP?
William Hornbuckle: Yes, hold on one sec. Let me get you the number. It's very small. Sports was a little over, a little over 20. And iGaming was almost at that same point. They're both on par really, interestingly.
Stephen Grambling: Great, helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Daniel Politzer: Hey, good afternoon everyone, and thanks for taking my question. I have a digital question, more in the direct digital business. Bill, you've talked in the past, I think around putting about a $1 billion into this endeavor. I guess, where do we sit here today relative to that number? I think you got push LeoVegas, Live Dealer, Grupo Global and along with that when could we expect to see return there. Thanks.
William Hornbuckle: Yes, as it relates to raw capital, we're all in. We don't anticipate any more capital in the BetMGM. We don't anticipate any more acquisitions as it relates to MGM Interactive in-house, we call it, which is a LeoVegas arm and some of the other stuff we've told you we've been doing. And look, we have three markets under launch right now, U.K., Netherlands, and soon to be Brazil. I think by the late part of next year, all of that will manifest itself. And unless there's something else that breaks of scale, I think as we come out of '25, we're going to be something substantial across the board leading into '26. And I think for us to think about '26 and beyond, $400 million or $500 million in cash flow and then some is just not out of the -- as I kind of suggested earlier, we could turn the lever on some of it today and push half of that out the front door, I think. So I think that's a reasonable expectation.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. Thanks. And then just turning to Macau, you've lost a little bit of share in the quarter. I think that was the second quarter in a row. Is there -- as we think about maybe the impact of the Londoner, which I think is kind of in the stage of the reopening. And along those lines, obviously there's some stimulus that's been introduced to the market. When can we maybe look for that to be measurable or to see if there's any impact there?
William Hornbuckle: Kenneth or Hubert, you want to handle that one, please?
Kenneth Feng: Okay. This is Kenneth. I think Londoner opened in September. There, and we, as you guys all know, like geographically, Cotai MGM, Cotai is like 4x or 5x smaller compared to Las Vegas Strip. MGM, the Cotai, is always trying to become a destination of this region. When we believe more new products, more newer, more products in the market and MGM Cotai will benefit. And as Bill just commented at the beginning, like our outstanding performance, like a golden week, further proved. When Londoner opened, all of us benefited.
Hubert Wang: I think that -- this is Hubert. I think that we're looking at a longer term market share to stabilize around mid-team level. So this is what we have communicated to the street in the past. I think that we're confident that we can deliver this number. I think that in the next year, particularly in the second half of next year, when we have all the projects completed to create incremental revenue, I think that we'll be in good shape. Maybe some upside surprise with these products coming online second half of next year.
Daniel Politzer: And then just any comment on the stimulus and when we might be able to see that in the market? And that's all for me. Thank you.
William Hornbuckle: I mean, like China economy, like as we all know, like we still believe the stimulus matters. They are still unfolding. Like McCall is a very special segment of the overall regional economy, like particularly like we are very focused on premium mass, like from the visitation and also from the GDR, you can see how resilient they are. So we want to see, like, if there are more measures, like stimulus measures, definitely, like, we will all benefit in the long run.
Daniel Politzer: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandt Montour: Great. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. The first question is on Las Vegas. I'm just curious, when you look at the third quarter by month, if you saw any sort of different trends throughout the month, July, August, September, I'm assuming weather maybe had an impact on two of those months, but then also, thinking about that question, but again, taking out that, that business that you call that and leaving just at the [indiscernible], is it just focusing on the database and the more stable side? Did you see any sort of changes throughout the quarter? And then how does that same trend go into October?
William Hornbuckle: I'll start, and Jonathan can fill in any detail or quarry that I miss. But July was, I know you've seen this and know this, some numbers was pretty bad for the entire community, including us. We had eight days in a row of 120 degree heat, compounded with I-15 was relatively close for three days due to a truck rollover with a battery in it that they didn't seem to know how to, didn't know what to do with it. So July was impacted substantively, and then the quarter got better. August was better. We had some substantive convention business in, and then September as well came in well. Ultimately, some of the core things that we'd hoped for, ADR, OCK, slots of note, all produced, leaning into our casino database to make that happen.
Jonathan Halkyard: The other thing I would add is July did have two less weekend days. The UFC fight the year before was actually in June. It was in July last year, it was in June this year at the end of June, so we didn't get the July 4th benefit there. And there's a pretty big international soccer game at the end of July that we also missed. Then as we got into August, September, and even what we're seeing in October, it feels fairly normal, very similar to what business has been, and I think we're pleased with what we see.
William Hornbuckle: Yes. For October, our occupancy here in Las Vegas will be 97%. Revenues are steady and still seeing the nice growth and slot handle in our regional properties actually having a pretty strong October.
Brandt Montour: That's all really helpful. Thanks for that. And then just a follow-up on Las Vegas, again. Just looking at a little further, obviously not asking for guidance or anything, but just your feelings on looking out to '25 for the business that you do have visibility in, grouping convention, what the pace that you're seeing so far is for the full year and then any sort of quarters where there's calendar, movements or changes of things that we should keep in mind for modeling purposes?
William Hornbuckle: Yes, I think that as we look broadly in 2025, we do see overall cash rates in Las Vegas growth and a couple of key calendar items, I'm sure you're aware of this, we had with the Super Bowl last February, that will impact us year over year, probably to the tune of $60 million to $70 million in the month of February. The only other thing that I would call out as we look to '25 generally is we will be actually already started modestly a renovation of the MGM Grand Hotel standard rooms. So this is 4,000 standard rooms. It's a fantastic property. It's time to do that and that will have an impact in our results, although we'll, of course, do our best to migrate that demand to our other properties here in the city. But those are probably the only two big 2025 items I would call out.
Brandt Montour: Really helpful. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from John Decree with CBRE Please go ahead.
John Decree: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Maybe one, just kind of capital management to build off of the comments about some of the growth CapEx you're doing. For some of the larger stuff is, in the past, I was at Park MGM was quite large and a full renovation, but is there an opportunity to utilize your re-partners and do anything of more substance, or given how well Vegas has been growing, you've monetized some of your capital improvements. Is that a kind of a consideration in this financing strategy at all?
William Hornbuckle: John, I think you muffled on the what partners? We didn't catch that.
John Decree: Oh, sure, your REIT partners. If there's expansion plans, the [indiscernible] , a big renovation of the rooms at MGM Grand, is financing from them or monetizing some of your growth CapEx, a consideration in the financial strategy?
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, it's a very good question. I'm glad we asked for the clarification. [Indiscernible] and Blackstone are great partners of ours. We do look at that as a financing option. I think, not to speak for them, but I think they would stand ready to help us in that regard if we felt as though that made sense in terms of cost of capital. I think we would probably not go that way to finance a renovation of the property, but to the extent we contemplated an expansion of one of our businesses in Las Vegas or the regional markets, that would absolutely be something we would look at.
John Decree: Thanks. That's helpful, Jonathan. And maybe one of the Marriott partnership. In prior quarters, you've given us some color about some of the metrics that you've seen in KPIs and how well that's going. And as you look into '25, if anything's changed as you get further along in the partnership, are you kind of seeing kind of continued expansion or utilization of that? And so, just love to get your kind of updated thoughts on how that partnership is going and kind of what you're seeing.
William Hornbuckle: I'll kick it off. So as of last week, we did 2,500 room nights a day, which is an all-time record. We're probably pacing 20% above our own expectation for the year. The group business continues to come in and it's interesting groups. I think I mentioned this last call, but it's not huge groups that we knew because of the business that we're in already, but it's mid-tier, two to 300 room groups, Midwest, stuff we had not focused on, and I think they're going to be a really good opportunity for us to bring in that we might not otherwise have seen and gotten to. And then, the utilization, it's 70% cash, 30% redemption, and we like that, particularly because of the additional spend that these folks bring in. So we're, I think, very pleased with where we are.
Jonathan Halkyard: I think the upside in particular is the W and what we're doing at the Delano. That property had very little brand recognition and we weren't able to sell it on the Marriott channel. So now with the change of that name, and we believe that will be in place by the beginning of the year, we think there's some upside on the ADRs and the occupancy at that property.
John Decree: Thanks for that. That's helpful. Bill and Jonathan, thank you very much for fielding all the questions.
William Hornbuckle: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Barry Jonas with Truist. Please go ahead.
Barry Jonas: Hey, guys. I just wanted to make sure on F1, are you still looking at that sort of $30 million this year, a year, EBITDA headwind or has anything changed at all since Q2 earnings call?
Jonathan Halkyard: No, I think we're still looking at the same number. The thing that we can't replicate is when it was first announced last year, it sold out relatively quickly, and particularly our hotels. And so the leverage on that kind of yield-type timeframe, we were selling rooms at Bellagio for $2,000 a night. And so it's really the big three that will carry that burden. The other thing is the construction of the fountain club out in front that some of you have maybe seen or experienced. It's incredible. That being said, last year it was capitalized, this year it needs to be expensed. And so you put the combination of those two things together, unless we get really lucky in the casino and all things can happen, we think that number holds.
Barry Jonas: Got it. Got it. And then just for a follow-up, I wanted to see if there's any updates on some of those other international development opportunities you're looking at, whether that's UAE or Thailand. Thanks.
Jonathan Halkyard: In Thailand, I've made my third trip. We'll continue to monitor it. We've said we're going to do that in concert with MGM China Holdings. [Indiscernible] and I just made a trip there. It's working its way through the legislation, ultimately hopefully through their parliament. We hope by early next year something will be announced. We like what we hear to date in terms of tax. We like the investment ratios that we hear. Obviously, it's a great place to build relatively cheaply as compared to other markets. The cost of doing business there is extremely low. So from an operating margin perspective, we love the opportunity it could bring. But I think we're still a long way away from getting to the finish line. UAE, we continue to monitor closely. There's obviously a couple other opportunities that will probably come forward. We love our position in Porto Island. That has started in earnest and construction is now starting to come out of the ground. They're pouring foundational concrete as we speak. And so that's a late 27 project. So we'll see ultimately once the decrees come out by Emirate, who wants to do what. But we're keenly focused on it and we would love, we love our Dubai project. I would particularly love it, obviously, if it had gaming.
Barry Jonas: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steven Wieczynski: Yes, hey guys. Good afternoon. So, Bill, I fully understand you guys don't give formal guidance, but if we think about next year, can you maybe help us think from a high level how you guys are thinking about your major markets? Essentially, trying to understand if you think you'll be able to grow EBITDA both in Vegas and your regional assets given some of the headwinds and whatnot that you've already called out?
William Hornbuckle: Look, we are suggesting in 2025, particularly in those two markets, that we can improve. It won't be massive, but I think one of the ways we're going to do that and get our margins back on track is we've started on a -- I hate to use the word program, but we've started on an initiative that we're trying to get $200 million out of the bottom. And we're thinking -- forgetting the obvious places to go get revenue, we think there's a few more to get revenue off of the top. And so we think that will be a creative to margin more than anything else. We think the markets continue to grow at a couple of percentage points. You heard Jonathan. We do have some headwinds. We've got the Super Bowl. We've got some of the other things that we mentioned. But the bar that all of this has been set at and the level that we're at, we think we have some room to grow and go, particularly in the long run here.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, got you. Thanks for that, Bill. And the second question, if we go back to Macau real quick, if we look at the third quarter, the margin in Macau came in just a little bit, probably a little lower than what we were kind of looking for. Is there anything there you would call out in terms of pressuring the margin in the third quarter and then maybe also a little bit more color on the current promotional environment that's happening right now over there?
William Hornbuckle: Yes, let me handle the front end of this and then Kenny [indiscernible] kick in. Look, I mentioned the show earlier for a reason. That's coming with expense. It's a major show and it's something we're all pretty excited by, as well as the expenses surrounded by launching a museum. It's an amazing museum once anybody and everybody sees it. And so while we're excited by those and hopefully delivering on the promise we made to the government, they do come with some expense. I've been led to believe and do that the promotional environment is actually lessened in the context of expense with some of the programming that was going on earlier in the year. So Kenny and Hubert, you want to talk about was going on earlier in the year. So Kenny and Hubert, you want to talk about that in terms of cost and how you think about it for '25?
Kenneth Feng: Yes, okay, thanks, this is Kenny. In the third quarter, we had a one-time cost to payroll and some costs related to entertainment spend to help fulfill our concession commitment. But we still aim a margin, operating margin of mid to high 20s. But as you all know, we are managing a very dynamic business. Industry revenue growth, seasonality, hold, lack of sector, even scheduling, they all affect margins. But we are very, very disciplined on gaming promotions and the incentives. They are very, we expect them to be, continue to be steady. I think -- but we still focus on incremental EBITDA dollars. That's the current over position.
William Hornbuckle: Hubert, any further?
Hubert Wang: Yes, as I mentioned previously, I think that some of the projects that we're working on currently, such as expansion of our high-end gaming area at MGM Macau, where the conversion of the renovation of the Villa [ph] product at MGM Macau, and also the conversion of the suite at MGM Cotai. I think that they'll put us in a better position competitively in this market. When these projects come into completion and fruition in the second half of next year, we expect the margin to continue to improve.
Kenneth Feng: Yes, I just want to add a little bit, like particularly on MGM Macau side. MGM Macau is a 17-year-old property. Like I said, the third quarter of -- mid of this year, we started a few very, very meaningful projects. Our villas, our mini, like, events center, and also our gaming floor, refreshment program, and then a couple like F&B outlets. The goal of our development is really to make sure all these products to reflect the latest trend of the customers. So all these projects, we are expecting to be done by the middle of next year. So once all these projects are finished, we all believe we are going to have a continued to lead all Macau Peninsula market. For Cotai side, our villa projects, our room conversion, suite conversion project, we are expected to finish by the end of next year. We are going to convert about 160 standard rooms into about 60 [indiscernible]. So it will give us more competitive advantage like on the Cotai side as well.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
William Hornbuckle: Take care.
Operator: Thank you. Today's last question comes from Chad Beynon with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Chad Beynon: Afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to ask about Vegas demand. You guys noted the Marriott benefit, but I guess what I'm trying to get at is what you're seeing in the mix of casino guests. At this point, are you seeing any deterioration in terms of what that core group is doing in terms of visitation? And then more importantly, for '25, when you're hoping for growth, will the casino guest piece of the inventory, should we expect that that goes down and they'll be replaced with more group and kind of Marriott business travelers? Thanks.
Corey Sanders: Chad, this is Corey. I think what we're seeing with the casino guest is pretty consistent with what we've been seeing throughout the past few years. It's pretty solid. We are hitting the database in a decent way, using our cross-regional functionality in a great way. We don’t -- that mix is, I think, where we like it right now, and I wouldn't envision that changing that much next year. As we look at Marriott, it's really a transient play and hopefully moving out some package business and that will be our strategy for next year also.
Chad Beynon: Great, thank you. And then just overall on the bricks-and-mortar side of things, the retail side, has anything changed in terms of M&A opportunities as you kind of look at other markets where the hub-and-spoke could make sense or kind of long-term iGaming? Seems like there's a number of assets in kind of big cities that could potentially fit the portfolio. Thank you.
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks, Chad. It's Jonathan. Our criteria are fairly restrictive in terms of the additional assets that we would acquire. We really like our position in Las Vegas with the disposition of the Mirage and the acquisition of the Cosmopolitan. As it relates to regional markets, it would have to be a market we're not currently in. It would have to be a property of significant scale to really make a difference for the consolidated enterprise and have a quality level that's coherent with our brand positioning. So that leaves a pretty small list, but we think we are good operators of regional properties. And so, we remain open to those possibilities. It's just a pretty narrow set.
Chad Beynon: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Hornbuckle for closing remarks.
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, operator. Just a couple of thoughts before we leave. And again, I appreciate everyone's time this evening. Las Vegas and regional trends, as we've hopefully indicated, are solid. They've been solid throughout the years, and we anticipate that to continue. I think in the presentation, you'll see a couple of graphs that are meant to demonstrate that. Macau continues to perform well. We're proud of what we've been able to do in the whole re-ratcheting of the market share. And it's obviously continuing to contribute dividends. And this year we hope we have pulled out $200 million and expect that to continue. Our digital business, we feel is on a path to positive earnings in both the U.S and internationally. And we think there's significant TAM opportunity between the both of those when it's all said and done. And we think that manifests itself late '25 into '26 and beyond. I think our development pipeline is unmatched with properties in Japan, New York and the potential of UAE and Thailand. I think those are going to be incredible opportunities over time for the company. And again, the fundamentals, the question about is Las Vegas, met its match in '23. Well, '23 was an incredible year. The fundamental signs of the business remain strong, whether it's ADR, slot handle, et cetera, we feel really, really good about it. And in Macau, we continue to break records despite our size. So overall, we're exceptionally well diversified and we're very optimistic about both our near, long, near, mid and long-term, and we hope you are as well. So we thank you for your time and have a great evening.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Jonathan Halkyard, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Gary Fritz, President of MGM Interactive; Kenneth Feng, Executive Director and President of MGM China Holdings; Hubert Wang, COO and President of MGM China Holdings, and Andrew Chapman, Director of Investor Relations. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please also note, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to Andrew Chapman.
Andrew Chapman: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. This call is being broadcast live on the internet at investors.mgmresorts.com, and we've also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures when talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation, which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Jonathan Halkyard.
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks, Andrew, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I get into our quarterly results, I would like to congratulate and thank all of our employees for another great quarter across all of our businesses. Their high level of execution is clearly evident in our results, and I couldn't be more proud of the team for our performance this quarter. Turning to our second quarter results. In Las Vegas, we achieved both top and bottom line growth year-over-year against a strong comparison. Net revenues grew 3%, driven by both higher rate and occupancy. Our strategic relationship with Marriott contributed to our performance this quarter now with over 410,000 room nights booked. The future for hotel bookings in Las Vegas is bright. Looking ahead at our pace, room rates on the books in Las Vegas are up year-over-year for every month in the third quarter and group rooms on the books are pacing up mid-single-digits for the rest of 2024 and 2025. Our success in the quarter was underpinned by our luxury resorts, which are responsible for the vast majority of our top line growth in Las Vegas. We invest meaningfully in our strip luxury offerings as this is where we see the most opportunity for profitable growth. In fact, 75% of our 2024 domestic property capital budget will be focused on these properties. This includes room remodels, which are underway now at the MGM Grand and suite updates across our Las Vegas portfolio. On the technology side, we've now completed the integration of the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas into our MGM Rewards program, which will now allow our MGM Rewards members to enjoy full benefits at the Cosmopolitan and vice versa. In the regions, net revenues remained stable, driven by relatively flat year-over-year handle with our market share holding steady across each of our markets. We also have seen a full recovery at MGM Detroit, which we all know it faced headwinds since midway through last year. Margins were within our targeted range of the low 30s as we remain vigilant on improving our variable labor effectiveness and executing on revenue initiatives such as our expanded air charter program, just one of many examples. In Macau, MGM China net revenues grew 37% year-over-year, achieving a market share of 16%. Adjusted property EBITDAR reached $294 million for the quarter, marking a 40% increase with margins at 29%. During the quarter, we strengthened MGM China's balance sheet by extending our maturity profile with the issuance of a new $500 million seven and eight notes due 2031. The proceeds of this offering were used to pay down outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility. I'll conclude my remarks with some thoughts on the free cash flow algorithm we introduced last quarter. An algorithm that enables us to achieve a mid-teens free cash flow per share compound annual growth rate through 2028. Simply put, we expect to grow our EBITDAR at a faster pace than our rent escalators, interest payments, maintenance capital and taxes, while investing for growth and reducing our share count. First, we'll generate recurring free cash flow from our resort operations by optimizing the operating model to achieve incremental revenue growth and realize cost savings. We'll grow our market share in Las Vegas through reinvestment into our properties with a focus on luxury. We'll maintain our market-leading positions in the regional markets, including an expansion in New York and generating a growing dividend from MGM China. Next, we anticipate generating free cash flow from our digital businesses in the coming years as BetMGM reaches an inflection point and LeoVegas delivers on its numerous market entries. We'll also be investing for long-term growth in Japan and other markets where our development expertise and brand awareness provide a distinct advantage. Finally, we'll repurchase our own shares. Through our strategy of using excess cash for share repurchases, our share count has decreased to around 300 million shares from close to 500 million, an approximately 40% reduction in our float in just three years. Taken together, the increase in free cash flow and reduction in share count would result in a mid-teens free cash flow per share compound annual growth rate by 2028, even without a contribution from MGM Japan. Bill, over to you.
William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan, and good afternoon, everybody. I'd like to start by doubling down on Jonathan's comments on congratulating all of our employees. Their continued attention to detail in guest service, has been amazing, and it continues to show through in our NPS scores and also just take a second to identify and thank our management teams into a challenging wage inflation environment. I think you've seen through our margins, they've all done a great job managing their way through the first part of 2024. And I will remind everybody that most of those increases now lapse as we go into the second half of this year. Turning to the quarter, we had excellent results against a strong '23 comparison. We see continued strength, as Jonathan mentioned, in Las Vegas, driven by transient group demand. The Marriott integration is going exceptionally well and Mandalay Bay is fully leveraging on its updated space. MGM China continues to hold its market share and margins against a very competitive and evolving market. And our regions continue to hold top line and operating efficiency and it's great seeing Detroit finally returned to its earlier prowess in that marketplace post-strike post cyber last year. In Las Vegas, we believe Las Vegas growth continued its top line and maintain margins in the mid-30s. Group pace, as mentioned, is up in '24 and '25, anchored again by the refreshed space at Mandalay benefits from the Marriott program will only continue to increase, particularly on the group side, unique to MGM. We have a favorable supply dynamic with the closing of the Mirage and Tropicana taking approximately 1.5 million room nights off of the circuit. Again, we'll see lower years two through five labor contract increases. And organic same-store growth driven by a further database optimization is just stepping in, particularly now with the integration of the Cosmopolitan, which we finally got on yesterday. So we're very excited by that. Noting in the third quarter, I think all of you know this, but remembering back, we had the cyber-attack last year in the third quarter, and that should prove to be successful for us. However, in the fourth quarter, and I think many of you see this through our room rates, Formula One is showing some softness. We are hoping and believing that this race will continue to pace up. But I think you can see that and so we're a little focused on trying to make that the best event that it can be, but that presents a potential headwind in the fourth quarter. Overall, though, given where we are to think about records into the second quarter of Las Vegas at this point is pretty compelling and pretty exciting for all of us. To the regions, business remains stable with margins holding at 30% plus against an established and a consistent promotional environment and we continue to have best-in-class properties with leading market share providing a real steady free cash flow generation. Macau, the story continues, where outstanding performance and the drivers of strength in that market, starting, I believe, with our leadership team. We have Kenny and Hubert on the phone. Pansy has clearly leaned in on many things that impact the property in our market and ultimately our market share. And so we're thankful for that. And there are many tactics that they deploy. I think the thing that's most compelling is they truly understand our customer, our customer base and their wants and needs. And without any real capital enhancements from where we left this market in 2019, we're obviously outperforming. MGM Macau is now the top producer on the Peninsula side, something we're proud of and a position we'd like to keep and so we're going to continue to invest into that property. And ultimately and overall, remembering the market has only returned to 80% recovery. Well, MGM is well above that. We still see opportunities not only for growth in the market, but ultimately for us to steal additional share. Before I turn this over to Gary Fritz, who you've not yet met to talk more about MGM Interactive, I'd like to comment on Entain's recent announcements and BetMGM's domestic business. First, I'm excited by the relationship that we've created with Stella David as the Interim CEO and now the Chair. I'm equally excited by the progress that's been made by the team and BetMGM's product enhancements with a key focus by the Entain Group. And now the recent addition of Gavin Isaacs as CEO is comforting, someone MGM and I have not known for a long time, have a great relationship and I think he'll do wonders for that business and ultimately the market. I'd also like to make a general comment on BetMGM's Monday release and some promising green shoots reported by competitors in the space. We have stated that 2024 would be an investment year, recognizing that we've lost shares in sports and that it was impacting our leading market position in iGaming, we righteously decided to invest heavy into our sports product and continue to invest in customer acquisitions for iGaming so long as we saw both market growth and overall market share growth. For the record, BetMGM was also profitable in the second quarter of '24, driven by our iGaming business, which annually contributes about $400 million to the overall business. The second piece is improving our sports product. We've made substantial steps with Angstrom, and we'll deploy a whole variety of new products into the football season. As well as single account, single wallet in Nevada, establishing customers to carry a wallet with funds back to their home state. We think it's a big deal for the business and for our omnichannel efforts. And so we'll obviously invest into the fall with these new product offerings, trying to win back customers on sports. In the big picture, we love what BetMGM has done for our brand. We love the long-term prospects and we enjoy having a partner during this development stage that is equally focused on the business. We are patient and have a strong belief in the growth of this business now and long into the future. I want to turn it over to Gary. Gary is going to talk a little bit about BetMGM, but really focus on MGM's other interactive activities in the rest of the world. Gary?
Gary Fritz: Thanks, Bill. Beginning a couple of years ago, we embarked on a journey with the vision of creating our own proprietary iGaming and sports betting platforms. The goal is to develop a differentiated product capable of capturing market share in both established and emerging markets. The crux of this strategy is based on four pillars and I'll walk through them. The first pillar was for MGM to own its tech ecosystem so that we were not reliant on third parties. A tech ecosystem that is scalable and cloud-based. We achieved this in 2022 through our acquisition of LeoVegas. Not only did we buy the technology, but we acquired an exceptional management team with an aggressive strategic plan that we have been executing. We also recognize the importance of having an owned sports betting platform to further highlight our brands and generate more cross-sell opportunities. We took a large step forward to achieving technical independence with the purchase of Tipico's US sports betting platform, which will close soon and drive important synergies. The second pillar of our strategy was to own our proprietary iGaming content with unique intellectual property. We found this through our acquisition of Push Gaming in 2023. Our strategy with Push is to develop games that are not only exclusive to our owned and operated platforms, but also to create titles that can be marketed to other operators. Since our acquisition, MGM Resort branded games have been our highest performing titles in the Push ecosystem. The third pillar of our strategy is to target organic growth in attractive regulated markets with the BetMGM brand. Just a reminder, we own the BetMGM brand and can use it anywhere in the world outside of the territories that the JV operates in. We do this using our LeoVegas proprietary tech stack. We have already launched the brand in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, with great early results, and we plan soon to enter Latin America. The final component of our strategy is our Live Dealer product, enabled by our recently announced strategic relationship with Playtech, making us the only US operator to offer live casino content for international markets directly from the Las Vegas Strip. We have already launched at Bellagio and MGM Grand and are thrilled with the positive response, both from our live and online customers. The next phase involves constructing a dedicated space at MGM Grand featuring table games and in the future game shows from well-known third-party brands. We believe the synergy among all of these pillars will yield significant long-term returns, starting with a double-digit stabilized return by 2027. In the near term, after two years of investment, we see the core businesses at LeoVegas and Push Gaming beginning to show positive momentum. Over the next few years, we will focus on expanding our sports platform and making further investments in our new owned and operated fully owned and operated BetMGM markets. Back to you, Bill.
William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Gary. And obviously, excited by all the progress, and we look to scaling this business, particularly the Live Dealer piece here in Nevada, I think, is interesting and unique to us and exciting format. Before I turn this open to Q&A, just a couple of overviews. Again, I think, we enjoy a magnificent position in Las Vegas. We have made significant capital investment in our luxury. We've put over $1 billion into our properties in the last three years. Principally focused on the building we're in Bellagio. All of our rooms and suites now have been redone amongst many other new amenities. We're also continuing to explore ways to further connect the heart of Las Vegas Strip meeting Bellagio, ARIA and the Cosmopolitan together. Some of you may have seen over the last couple of weeks, a set of plans that was submitted to the county here. We are in the midst of trying to create something that we believe will be unique and special to Bellagio, something deserving, something that will have an experiential component, entertained component must see as well as retail and ultimately nightlife components that begin to marry itself up with some of the other things we have here that bring nightlife back to Bellagio in the long run. So we're excited by that. We'll have more of those plans for the next quarter to announce in terms of content and pricing. But we're excited by launching that product, hopefully, over the next several months here. As I think about our regional properties, again, I want to reiterate they are stable and they're free cash flow generating and we're excited to have the properties that we do within our portfolio. Many of them, as you know, are market leading. We have shown and demonstrated now, I think, in Macau, our growing EBITDAR prowess and our ability to have set a whole new plateau of economic performance. We are excited, and I am by the idea of omnichannel for the football this coming season for BetMGM. I think it finally unlocks our database and enables people to take their wallets and go home to places like Colorado and still have funds that they can share. I am equally excited by the overall digital strategy that Gary has laid out. I just recently returned from Japan and that it's moving along nicely. We are in the ground as we speak and we hope to start pylons by May or June of next year with a target date still of middle of 2030 for opening. I think we are, if I think about expansion, I think about the UAE and New York, I think, in our project in Dubai of note where ideally situated in UAE, and there has finally been some progress in New York, at least by the end of 2025. We all have to make our submissions and move that along. And I love our position in the Yonkers and what we've been able to accomplish with the local community there. I think and I know we're in good standing as of this date. So I look forward to that. And ultimately look forward to additional markets. Next month, myself and Pansy Ho will be in Thailand looking at that opportunity. That is a venture that we're interested in. And if we do, do that, we'll do it through MGM China Holdings. And then finally, I'm excited by some of the news, not news, but some of the information Jonathan consistently provides. I think we have an amazing balance sheet. We have low net debt. We have excess cash still able to deploy, whether it's into things here or against some of Gary's propositions. And I think we ultimately have a pipeline of short, middle and long-term value creators. With that, operator, I will turn this over to questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Joseph Greff: Good afternoon, everyone. Bill, Jonathan. Bill, I'd like to start off in Las Vegas and I realize the Marriott strategic partnership is beyond Las Vegas. It also relates to the regions. I was hoping maybe you can give us a little bit more meat on the bone with respect to the contribution from the Marriott connectivity. I think, Jonathan, you mentioned at the outset, in the quarter, 410,000 room nights were booked. I want to make sure that was for the quarter or is that sort of since the inception of the property. But I guess what I'm trying to go to is, I know you kept the contribution on a steady-state basis at an annual EBITDA level of $65 million to $75 million in the slide deck. Does that time line in which you think you could hit that has that changed given that you've had a number of months of experience. And then as a follow-up, Bill, you mentioned that Formula One has some softness. When we think about the year-over-year delta related to the Formula One softness shouldn't that be more than offset by the benefits of Marriott connectivity? And that's all for me.
Jonathan Halkyard: Great question, Joe.
Joseph Greff: Go ahead. Go first.
Jonathan Halkyard: So first of all, just a couple of -- just to clarify a few of the facts regarding the production we're seeing out of Marriott, that 410,000 booked room nights numbers for a year-to-date as of a couple of days ago. And of that maybe 60% or so have stayed here. The remainder are reservations for nights over the next few months. But we measure it by production. And so that's the production level. It is, in terms of the incremental benefit, it comes from two places. One, the rate at which Marriott customers are paying as compared to those room nights that we're displacing. We are already operating at 96% occupancy. This was not about growing occupancy, it was about growing yield. The second is the increased spend by those customers while on property. Roughly $100 of the benefit per room night comes from the rate premium and about $50 comes from the increased daily spend that we measure through charges to the folio. So it's not a perfect measure, but it's a pretty good proxy. And together those are the incremental benefit from Marriott rooms. In terms of the time line, we got started a little bit later on this because of the cyber incident. We didn't start until February for most of our properties when we originally anticipated starting the end of 2023. So I think it's still a good estimate for the benefit for calendar 2024, even though we started a bit late.
William Hornbuckle: And then, Joe, as it relates to F1, I get the principal point, although we could argue that revenue goes against labor increases or insurance you know a bunch of other things. I think the real issue with Formula One is it's off to a soft start as compared to last year where we had a lot of advanced pre-bookings. I think you can see some of our ADRs are down. If you look at what we're charging 50% give or take. I think the good news is we have an NFL game. So the south end of the strip that only ran in the 60s last year. I think we anticipate filling that up. But the actual event itself feels soft. It doesn't feel soft in gaming, which is the most important piece, but one of the more important pieces. It just doesn't room rates at the big three, meaning in this case ARIA, Cosmo and Bellagio. So the overall impact we'll see. I'm hoping it feels later and we can yield back up again. I'm sure it will. But I think it's worthy enough and we're concerned enough to make a point of distinction between this year versus last.
Joseph Greff: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for taking my questions. Bill, I also wanted to ask a little bit about Las Vegas and then maybe a follow-up on digital. But the question on Las Vegas would be as we, I think this kind of second quarter in a row where we've seen some of the kind of core gaming metrics down a little bit, but obviously, the non-room revenue side continues to kind of drive the story in the narrative, as you just talked about with Marriott. So can you just give us an update on kind of what you're seeing out of the core gaming customer at this point? And so what some of the pros cons might be about where you're kind of targeting your focus around the strip at the moment in terms to drive that gaming customer moving forward? Thanks.
Andrew Chapman: Corey, you want to take this?
Corey Sanders: Sure. Shaun, the core gaming customer is still pretty solid. Probably the change in the revenue on the slot side in particular is midweek and tied to the shift in the convention mix. But we continue to see our high-end perform extremely well. Our database perform extremely well. And our focus continues to be on maximizing the right customer in the room, especially during the weekends where we think there's opportunities to yield up to the better customer.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thank you. And then maybe to follow up on digital for whoever it's appropriate or Gary, if he wants to take it, would be thank you for kind of the overview on sort of where you're taking the strategy. What I was kind of curious was, if we think about net investments, so let's exclude some of the acquisition dollars that you spent. But as we kind of think about these ventures in total, excluding what's going on with BetMGM, where we have sort of a core KPI like is the rest of the digital venture here largely self-funding meaning you're cash positive in some areas you're able to reinvest. Is there any kind of need to further invest or push especially when we think about new market launches, maybe like Brazil? Thanks.
Gary Fritz: Sure. Thanks for the question. I would say we definitely have portions of the portfolio, especially the core businesses at LeoVegas and Push Gaming which are definitely profitable. I would say it's a modest level of investment is what we have to make around individual market launches. But sort of nothing at the scale of what we've done here at BetMGM in the US.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Carlo Santarelli: Hi, guys. Thanks. Good afternoon. Jonathan, previously, you talked about EBITDA growth in 2024. 3Q obviously sets up favorably your commentary around the bookings for each of the months, obviously resonates favorably. Coupled with some of the commentary around Formula One. I guess I wanted to revisit that statement and kind of see how you feel is the dynamic between 3Q and 4Q as we kind of look ahead for the back half of the year?
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure. The two quarters are quite different from one another in terms of the really the comparables is probably the most important distinction. Third quarter, as I noted, our outlook on the room revenues is pretty strong and everybody knows what we experienced last year in the third quarter. The fourth quarter, it depends greatly on ultimately our performance during F1. It's not the only thing going on. There's a lot of things driving the business in the fourth quarter. But that was an important driver of our performance last year. And so I would say kind of carving out that risk for the moment, we feel very good about the third and the fourth quarter and their ability to grow. But just realistically, the fourth quarter does depend upon the performance of the F1 event.
Carlo Santarelli: Okay. Great. And then just if I could circle back on BetMGM. When you guys think about kind of the balance of this year and into next year, I know that in the release that was out earlier in the week kind of talked about debt funding some of the development and the investments and whatnot. Is there anything else that we should be mindful of looking forward in terms of contributions to the entity?
William Hornbuckle: No. Carlo, no, I don't think so. I think what was put out in that release is frankly, more than sufficient. And when we pay it with debt, and we do something else, time to tell. What's important for us, we need to continue to be mindful of expenses. But what's important to us is we don't lose iGaming share because it is precious and that we properly relaunched the products we were talking about earlier, and we spend effectively and appropriately into it. Now that's an estimate. Let's see how it plays itself out. But the bigger question of are we going to invest even more money into that. I think what we've identified is plenty of money, and I do not anticipate that.
Carlo Santarelli: Understood. Thank you very much guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Katz from Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
David Katz: Hi. Afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to just understand better or hear you talk more about the digital strategy from a holistic perspective. BetMGM is sort of on its own path, right, with its own issue set, while the rest of the world is, to some degree, doing its own thing. Some of which have the same brand. How do they converge one day, right? Or is that even a possibility? And to that end, capturing the most value in your stock for all of it, right? Does that necessarily require having them converge one day?
William Hornbuckle: David, obviously, that kind of leads into the conversation of what's the relationship and what to do with Entain, and we're just not going to comment on that in broad stroke. We enjoy where we are with them. We are very hopeful for what will come this fall. And frankly, it's pivotal to the business and to our ability to regain share. That said, we understand the exercise, we understand the long-term. Gary and his team have worked diligently in markets. We think the guys at LeoVegas was an exceptional find. They're a very strong team. We've launched Netherlands with great success. We've launched UK. Obviously, we have our eyes on South America and Brazil. And so there's real upshoot there and real money to be made in an organization that's already making money. So excited about that and I'm excited by the opportunity to frankly play here with the notion of Live Dealer. 15% of all of the bets on BetMGM are Live Dealer. And to the extent we could make it real from emanating from these places, we think is compelling long-term. And we think we can actually have some real fun with that down the road with tying celebrity to it. But I get the longer-term question, I'm just not in a position to want to answer it right now.
David Katz: I think that's fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Grambling from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, just a follow-up on the BetMGM investment commentary. I guess we get a lot of questions on how the cost structure here compares with some of your peers. So I would love to get any color you have on the composition of the operating expenses there as we think about marketing and promos versus perhaps product and then think about what the flow-through could look like longer term.
Andrew Chapman: Go ahead, Gary.
Gary Fritz: Sure. So look, I think, that what we're looking for with the product deliveries towards the end of this year at BetMGM are certainly designed especially with the extension of Angstrom in that product into more markets and more sports is something that should have a positive impact on gross gaming margins. And certainly that then has a trickle down impact on the rest of the P&L and the cost structure itself because you're having significantly higher hold at the top of the funnel against handle. So that is a huge portion of the rationale behind the product releases that we're going to see coming here at the beginning of football season.
Stephen Grambling: Got it. Maybe one other quick follow-up. Just on the bank loan, maybe I missed this, but I guess where is that being financed out of? Is that being guaranteed by either parent?
Gary Fritz: That would be a, and again, this is kind of still underway, but it would be a facility at the BetMGM level and any amounts or nature of credit support from the parents is still under discussion. But it would be at the BetMGM level, their own credit facility.
Stephen Grambling: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandt Montour from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Brandt Montour: Hey, good evening and good afternoon everybody and thanks for taking my question. So the first question is on Las Vegas. Bill, you mentioned in your prepared remarks supply coming out of the strip across the two properties that's well known. I'm curious if you could just walk us through where you're seeing it, group versus leisure proximity versus price point, what sort of got you excited enough to mention it?
William Hornbuckle: Corey, can follow up on this. But I'd say, look, it's not as much group, particularly when you talk about Tropicana. I think there, it's a pure leisure play on that corner. It was clearly a value proposition. We also have several there with Luxor, Excalibur and New York, New York. And so we think it's a pure leisure play there. There was some group activity at Mirage, but not extensive. I think we've seen maybe a couple of pop-up at MGM or one of the other facilities, I think, MGM. But again, I think, if you think about those leisure room nights you think about other places to go in the interim, I think, our MGM portfolio, part MGM. We have a lot of stuff in mid-market that lead into that. And I think we're ideally positioned, particularly given that we know those customers. Remember, we retained part of that database. And so leaning into them and being able to move them over, we think is meaningful. And just generally, inventory, as we understand, Hard Rock will probably be out for three years. Tropicana is completely undefined at this point. And so it's a substantive period of time. I know we've gone into the teeth of the inverse with Fontainebleau, but it's nice to go the other way for once.
Brandt Montour: That's helpful. Thanks for that. And then a question on MGM China, the market slowed down by many measures into 2Q slightly. And even your unit production for mass took a slight step back and yet you guys hit a high watermark for margins. Just curious, what you can call out there? Just I'm assuming your hotels are full and you were yield managing. But is there anything else to see through just for that performance?
Andrew Chapman: Kenny or Hubert, you want to comment please.
Hubert Wang: Yes. I think like when we talk about China or with the economy scale and the population size, there are many dimensions to merit. We, at MGM China, are very focusing on what we should be doing. Basically, we are focusing on the innovative and the customer-centric investments both on CapEx and on OpEx. In July, we basically, our visitation to our property is consistently with the previous quarters. And our revenue share is still maintained at mid-teens. Our EBITDA margin is still in high percentage. I think that's where we are right now.
Brandt Montour: And Hubert any color on the reason for the margins? I mean I think I know but go ahead.
Hubert Wang: On the margin, I think that, first of all, I think very disciplined approach towards the reinvestment and the mass component of the revenue mix also increased and that helps with the margin increment as well.
Brandt Montour: Perfect. Thanks, everyone.
William Hornbuckle: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Politzer from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Daniel Politzer: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. On Vegas, the last couple of quarters, we've seen room revenues growing high single and low double-digit percentages, whereas this F&B, entertainment, group and other that piece of the business has been growing more slowly. Can you maybe unpack that a bit? Are there any trends in ancillary spend that you're seeing kind of under the surface as it relates to the different growth in these buckets?
William Hornbuckle: Look, I'll set it up and then Corey turn it over to you. I think the conversation around Marriott and our ability to yield off of that is proven in driving our room rates. The return of our convention marketplace to former highs is driving those room rates. Other side of the coin is leisure is more prevalent over transient. And I think when you look at total spend, starting with entertainment and then some food and beverage, food and beverage all-time high, but catering and banquet is driving it. When you look at the actual restaurants, it'll be 4%, 5% down on covers.
Corey Sanders: No, 2%.
William Hornbuckle: Okay. And so, yes, I think underlying it, look, it's never been the story. Las Vegas has always been the story, people will come. The story is when they come, what do they do and how much can you extract? And so I think it's fair to assume that when it comes to entertainment, food and beverage, single-digit, but we've seen some softness. But for now and I think into the foreseeable future, based on what we've set up, room rates will overcome most of that, if not all of it.
Corey Sanders: Dan, what I would add, we're definitely feeding more mouse. It's just where they're being fed. Whether it's convention halls or in restaurants. So the food and beverage side is a little bit misleading from that perspective. The entertainment challenge is there is a lot of supply out there. And with the Spirit and their 18,000 seats and their three shows a day. It just puts a lot of pressure on a market that probably has a lot of supply. So we're really focused on making sure we have the right acts in our buildings and are able to track the customers that are looking for those performances.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. That's helpful. And then in terms of the buybacks, I think, you have an excess cash balance of $800 million and about $1.3 billion remaining on the repo. I know you've been pretty prolific here in repurchasing shares. But as we kind of think about where we go over the next kind of year or two. And Jonathan laid out that free cash flow yield in the mid -- growing in the mid-teens. Is there a scenario where you would be willing to add debt to finance the share repurchases or should we kind of think about this kind of tapering down over time?
Jonathan Halkyard: Well, I'll offer a couple of thoughts. First of all, at these values, we still believe our shares are a very attractive value. I mean just looking on the screen, probably our stake in MGM China is worth $10 to $11 per share. And so it's a very appealing free cash flow yield when you look at the kind of the value of just the operating businesses, not to mention BetMGM and our digital investments. That being said, you're right, we've called out about $800 million in excess cash right now. But that grows with the free cash flow generation. And when we put out things to the end of '25 like a potential license fee for a New York expansion, it does open up the possibility for additional share repurchases. So I do think over time, it tapers off a bit, but these values will still be aggressive purchasers. And finally we would consider additional financial leverage to fund these repurchases. Our lease coverage is growing nicely. And as Bill noted in the opening remarks, net debt is still close to zero. So we're well below our leverage limits and we would consider doing that, but we don't have to right now.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Barry Jonas from Truist Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Barry Jonas: Hey, guys. Wanted to just follow up on F1. Given last year was so high end focused and we've heard plans to hopefully make this year a little more balanced. Do you see a chance for a better performance at some of the non-luxury properties or are you just concerned that might not be enough to make up for the softness you're seeing today at the top three properties?
William Hornbuckle: The answer is yes. I don't know if you heard my comment earlier. We've got the Raiders are in town with the game that weekend and that will tremendously support the south end of the strip. And we've already seen that, we've already said that occurring once the schedule is announced. Last year, I think, we did an amazing job scaring the hell out of people in terms of traffic. Obviously, there was -- during the actual event, it was fascinating, there was no traffic. And so the idea of bringing people back to town, focusing them on some of the values that are still here is critical. And I think particularly driven by the game, you'll see the south end of the strip come to life. I want to put it in quantum, too, in terms of what's at stake here. I'm talking $30 million-ish plus or minus. So when we think about the comment and we think about what's at stake and you look at the overall aggregate of the company for the quarter, let's all keep it in perspective. But having said that, we're far from giving up. I'm signaling as it sits today, ticket sales are soft, and therefore, room sales are soft.
Corey Sanders: And what I would say is we've heard from other markets, it's fairly consistent year one, there's a lot of high for it. This will be a good weekend for us compared to an average normal weekend. Just in comparison to F1 last year was so substantial, especially on the rates at the luxury properties.
Barry Jonas: Got it. Got it. And then just wanted to follow up for the regionals and kind of ask what you're seeing across the database segments and unrated play. We continue to hear about some softness at the low end or unrated, but obviously, your guys are more luxury focused. Thanks.
Corey Sanders: Yes, the regionals had an interesting start. April was a little bit more challenging. It had one plus weekend day and then we saw May and June come back pretty strong. The majority of the customers, the middle end to high end are still pretty strong, still visiting quite a bit. The lower end of the database has seen a little bit of softening. And then on the, what we would call the unrated play, that's down slightly also, but a lot of that was driven in April by that one extra weekend day.
Barry Jonas: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John DeCree from CBRE. Please go ahead with your question.
John DeCree: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe to shift the conversation to your development pipeline first on UAE. We've got some guidelines from the GCGRA recently about the licensing process. And so realizing there's probably not a lot of detail you can elaborate on. So a high level question, is there, Bill, anything that you've seen or learned over the last couple of weeks or months for new information that changed your level of enthusiasm one way or another for that prospective opportunity. And then the follow-up specifically would be there's quite a bit of discussion in those guidelines about online gaming. And so most of our conversation with you and others have been around potential IR opportunities. So curious with your international digital business with online gaming in that market, be interesting for MGM? Is that something that you're looking at? And if that opportunity were to come up?
William Hornbuckle: Yes. Thanks, John, for the question. With UAE, I think, the great news is now that they've announced the lottery, which is something that they said they would do. I'm encouraged that the rest of this will roll out as defined. Now timing is still unknown. It kind of keeps moving around. But I can't imagine by end of this quarter or into early next, we won't know with some specificity around what it means for Abu Dhabi and then potentially what the umbrella language is as it relates to all of the other Emirates. We're excited by it. We're excited by obviously the facility in Dubai. I think I've mentioned on several calls that we and our partner have an amazing facility property there under construction as we speak, by the way. We're driving pylons right now. And that facility has an combination for a large-scale casinos. So there's a lot of opportunities throughout the region. Probably the initial license is going to be spoken for, I believe. But I would suggest that each Emirate will have its own opportunity to issue a license. And so I know Gary spent a couple of minutes on that and we'll continue to follow that closely particularly for Dubai as a workplace to emanate from.
John DeCree: Thanks, Bill. That's helpful. I think I stuck two or three in there, so I'll hop into the back of the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robin Farley from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. Just wanted to circle back to your some of the comments you're making about kind of middle high, low end, different consumers. I know Vegas has a lot of puts and takes with the easy comps in Q3 tougher in Q4. But when you look at gaming revenues declining in Q2 and then in the regional markets, some of the softness you've talked about, is there, in your view, to put on your economist hat here, macro factors that you think could change that or may change that over time or do you think it's just getting back to some kind of pre-pandemic normalization before things would return to growth or kind of what's the big picture when you look at the trends. Thanks.
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure, Robin. It's Jonathan. I guess I would disagree a bit with the premise of the question, which is that we're seeing some strength out of the customers. I mean to take a couple of examples. The second quarter was a record drop in table games in Las Vegas for us in the quarter. We were down a little bit in slot handle that's for sure. But much of that was due to just a shift in mix from casino customers. Those casino room nights were down a couple of points because group room nights were up about 10%. So that mix contributes a lot to it. On the regional side our rated theo per rated day, so the customers we know best, our most loyal customers, was up 4% or 5% during the quarter. So we did see some consistency and strength. Speaking for myself, I don't see any macro factors that would really -- that could really kind of dislodge the growth that we're seeing in gaming. Our customers have seen a fair amount over the past 18 months in terms of increased interest rates and higher hotel rates and the rest and yet have continued to show nice growth. So that's, I guess, the way I'll answer your question.
Robin Farley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Beynon from Macquarie. Please go ahead with your question.
Chad Beynon: Afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. You guys have laid out a number of different items in Las Vegas and the growth, particularly on the non-gaming side, food and beverage, room rates, et cetera, maybe offsetting some of the stability in the gaming business. So has anything changed in terms of how we should think about Las Vegas margins, I guess, in the near term or beyond as maybe that non-gaming piece grows. And then ask maybe separately, what are you seeing just in terms of the expense side of the business, particularly in labor. Is that now under kind of core inflation and manageable to kind of hold margins if non-gaming is growing. Thank you.
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks, Chad. Broadly speaking, we're comfortable with where margins are in our Las Vegas operations where they've been in the last couple of quarters, let's call it, the mid-30s. We have experienced some increases in unit labor costs over the past three or four quarters, much of that due to our collective bargaining agreements. I think our team has done a fantastic job in managing labor expenses, particularly this last quarter, FTEs were down a couple of points in Las Vegas. A couple of points in the regional markets and about 7% in the corporate office. So I think we've done a good job at offsetting those increases. Going forward, those increases in unit labor costs will be lower than they've been over the past few quarters, as Bill mentioned in his remarks, we're lapping now some of those increases that we incurred due to those new labor agreements and not just in Las Vegas. So that's why we're comfortable that we can maintain margins in this area.
Chad Beynon: Okay. Thank you. And then in terms of the Vegas portfolio and kind of where it stands just from a customer-facing standpoint with Bellagio complete, you mentioned Mandalay Bay. Are there any other projects that you're contemplating, maybe in the next 12 to 18 months? Or given the current situation with some room capacity coming out of the market and you guys running in the mid-90s, does it make sense to maybe defer bill outside of what you were talking about with Bellagio maybe defer some core renovations that you would otherwise think about doing at this time.
William Hornbuckle: I think that, look, it's something we always look at, we challenge ourselves with our capital allocation and particularly our maintenance capital because it's just that. That said because of and this goes back away I think our average room remodel now is under 10 years finally. But ARIA has not been touched in a while. We're doing MGM as we spoke. So we own those goods. So that process starts next year, excuse me, later next year in earnest. And so those are the two big ones to come. I think as it relates to the rest of the inventory, I hear you and don't disagree. We're going to get creative with Excalibur. We're transferring furnishings out of the MGM there. And so continue to do creative things. But one of the challenges that if you don't continue to renovate those rooms on a proper cycle, you wake up one day then you are where you are. And so I wouldn't anticipate us coming much off of those levels. I think it will come down some. $600 million, $700 million a year going down the road in terms of true maintenance cap.
Corey Sanders: And I think our room remodels are spaced out enough where we minimize disruption and make sure that we're able to push some of that business into the right buildings that will also enhance those buildings.
Chad Beynon: Thanks. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Wieczynski from Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Steven Wieczynski: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. So I want to stay on Vegas real quick. Jonathan, in your prepared remarks, you noted you guys expect to take market share in Vegas moving forward, given your continued investment in your properties, which I know you guys just talked about there. But I want to understand that comment a little bit better. And does that mean taking share as Mirage, the Trop come out of service or does that comment mean you think there's further share to take beyond those assets essentially shutting down?
William Hornbuckle: I'll make the headline comment. I think there's further share to take. There's a high-end retail nightlife seen that I'd like to see us go after more aggressively. I think some of the club scene has lost some of its luster. And I don't mean just ours, I mean, in general. And so I think there's things to do, particularly again in this building. I think there's things to do next door in Cosmopolitan, ARIA of note. As we think about ways to enhance the properties and just convince folks that the idea of staying within this compound is impressive and compelling with the amenities that there's no reason to go anywhere. And so we're going to continue to drive on that. And I also believe as we continue to perfect and get better at personalization of data and all of the things that program is beginning to yield, I think we can yield more out of what we've got by making sure we keep folks in our buildings.
Corey Sanders: I would add the investments we're making are really aimed at the luxury customer. And gaining a portion of that market share, I think, achieves the goal that Jonathan mentioned previously. So as we look at Bellagio and look what the competition is out there and if we could get additional wallet or an additional trip, but we'll be able to regain that market share that we're talking about.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. And then second question, Bill, if we switch over to digital real quick. And I ask this in a way that I might get an answer out of you and I'm not trying to be offensive here. But is there a point at some point in the future where if you aren't getting the results that you won out of the digital segment, you would make the tough decision to essentially pivot away from investing there and instead get more aggressive with the core business, which seems like to us that it's pretty undervalued at this point. I hope that makes sense.
William Hornbuckle: Yes. I understand the point. And look, yes, at some point, of course, I would never say never. At some point, how hard do you chase sports versus learning iGaming flow? How much does iGaming grow onto itself? But I think look at both of those businesses, we're past the major investment scale. I mean a relative scheme of things. We've invested, call it, 650-ish, give or take in BetMGM at this point, something on that. And Gary -- so we're 1.5 billion all in between LeoVegas and some of the other acquisitions that would be a lot. And we're not anticipating any of that going forward, this is more about yielding off of what we've created and hopefully doing that. But I understand the core question. We're not giving up on digital by any stretch. We still believe, it's a key component of growth, not only within our company, but within the industry. And I think it's been proven out in several different places. So we are going to be patient with it for a while.
Steven Wieczynski: Understood. Thanks for the color, Bill. Appreciate it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jordan Bender from Citizens JMP. Please go ahead with your question.
Jordan Bender: Great. Thank you. It was sort of touched on, but Jonathan, a big point when you came to the company several years back was want to improve the cross-sell between your assets by setting players to other properties in Vegas. Can you maybe just frame that progress you've seen in recent years and just the future opportunities not in place today that you can help further drive that?
Jonathan Halkyard: And if you're talking about, first of all, I appreciate the question. And if you're talking about the, I guess, capturing in-market share of our customers' spend while they're here in Las Vegas. I've never been more optimistic about our ability to do that for both internal and external reasons. Internally, we've invested capital to connect our properties, particularly here in the Center Strip. Of course, our acquisition of the Cosmopolitan and disposition of the Mirage made much of that possible. Culturally, our casino marketing teams and our convention sales team work as one, presenting the entire portfolio to our customers and encouraging them in many ways to stay within the portfolio. And there are many other things we've done internally to drive that. Externally, just our positioning geographically in Las Vegas in the Center and South Strip is where so much of the investment in activity is going on, that whether it be NFL or T-Mobile or even F1, there's really no better place for the As, no better place to B than within our portfolio. So for all of those reasons and this comes back to my optimism about our ability to gain share over the coming years. I think we are in a great position to do that and we've already been doing that. You can see that in our results.
Jordan Bender: Great. Thank you. And just for the follow-up for online. Last quarter, you talked about the path forward with BetMGM and just some of the long-term targets and the confidence around hitting those targets. With the announcement the other day and just kind of the slight step back, just given the further investment, is there anything to opine on in terms of what changed in that outlook from back in April to today, whether it's competitive from a competitive perspective or an integration perspective? Thank you.
William Hornbuckle: I think what changed in the outlook to the extent it was understood is what it would take to get with the right product back in front of people and begin to gain back share for sports. And so those are estimates. Frankly, if it's not working, we're going to pull back. It's not a -- just here is the bucket of money and go guys. And so we're going to watch that very closely and very diligently each and every day and make sure those investments are paying off. So I sense and I understand the concern we all share it and it's a key time for the business and for the company in the next six or seven months to see BetMGM begin to perform into that space.
Jordan Bender: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll be concluding today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Bill Hornbuckle for any closing remarks.
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, operator, and thank you all for joining us today. I will kind of end where we started. It's still compelling and I hope to all of you to think about Las Vegas to think about the company and to think that several records continue to be broken. We're proud of the activity case. We're proud of what we're doing here. Like every business, we have some challenges into this environment. And I think we're meeting and maximizing on most of those. I'm excited by where Gary is going digitally and the longer term of all of that. And so with that said, I thank you all, and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's conference call and presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call for the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Jonathan Halkyard, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Kenneth Feng, Executive Director and President of MGM China Holdings, Hubert Wang, COO and President of MGM China Holdings; and Andrew Chapman, Director of Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions]. Please also note today's event is being recorded. 
 At this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to Andrew Chapman. 
Andrew Chapman: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at investors.mgmresorts.com, and we've also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. 
 On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the Federal Securities Laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these segments as a result of new information or otherwise. 
 During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures when talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation, which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. 
 I will now turn it over to Jonathan Halkyard. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks, Andrew, and good afternoon, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call. We've decided to change our approach to these calls in the new year to give you a more focused recap of our results with additional color and commentary around our plans for the future. With that in mind, I'll start the call with a discussion of the quarter and our growth algorithm and then pass it over to Bill for his comments. 
 As you saw from our press release, we delivered another record quarter across our company's consolidated businesses, generating record net revenues of $4.4 billion, up 13% from last year, net income of $217 million and adjusted EBITDAR of over $1.2 billion. During the quarter, cash provided by operating activities was $549 million and free cash flow was $377 million. This includes MGM China's $215 million in cash flow from operating activities and $15 million in capital expenditures.
 In Las Vegas, we achieved 4% net revenue growth supported by strong ADRs, which were up 7% year-over-year. Our luxury resort offerings on the Strip served as a distinct competitive advantage, driving top line growth up 5% during the quarter. Looking ahead to the rest of the year, rate is pacing ahead of prior year for each of the remaining three quarters and group rooms on the books are up year-over-year.
 In the regions, it's no surprise that our businesses were broadly impacted by poor winter weather in January. That said, we experienced a quick recovery in February and acceleration into March. This also will be the last quarter where we need to adjust for same-store results as Gold Strike closed in February of last year.
 In Macau, we lapped what was really the start of the recovery last year and achieved another record with net revenues up 71% year-over-year. MGM China earned its first ever $300 million quarter in adjusted property EBITDA, along with market share of 17% surpassing the previous record set in the fourth quarter. Given the strength in MGM China's operating performance over the past 15 months, MGM China and MGM Resorts both agree there is no longer a need for MGM to support its liquidity. And in March, the subordinated loan agreement was terminated. Further, the revolving credit facility has been nearly paid down and dividend payments have been resumed with approximately $94 million to be paid to MGM Resorts in the second quarter, all very encouraging.
 Aligned with our ongoing commitment to fortify our balance sheet and bolster liquidity, we recently completed the closing on the offering of $750 million of senior notes due 2032 at 6.5%. These proceeds were used to repay our [ 6.75% ] 2025 notes. Sarah Rogers and her team did an exceptional job, and the refinancing not only extends our liquidity profile but reduces our interest expense annually.
 Finally, in Japan, along with our partner, Orix, our venture closed on the JPY 530 billion project financing for MGM's Osaka Integrated Resort. This was the largest project financing ever in Japan and one of the most significant integrated resort financings globally. With this important milestone achieved, we'll continue to develop as soon to be iconic resort. We also bought back over $500 million of shares in the quarter, and as of yesterday, we've reduced our outstanding float to 313 million shares, 37% fewer than the start of 2021.
 I'll close with a summary of our financial growth algorithm. Our resort operations generate both significant and recurring cash flow. In 2023, cash provided by operating activities was $2.7 billion and free cash flow was $1.8 billion, of which MGM China accounted for $830 million of net cash from operating activities and $45 million of capital expenditures. This implies around $1 billion of free cash flow domestically. We expect to see benefit soon from our digital business with BetMGM beginning to generate significant free cash flow in the next couple of years and LeoVegas beginning to generate returns from its investment period. This free cash flow generation will fund future growth and opportunities where I expect minimum mid-teens returns. This includes international digital expansion as well as brick-and-mortar development.
 In the longer term, we have an enviable pipeline of limited license development projects in New York, Japan and potentially the United Arab Emirates which will drive free cash flow growth over the next decade while also diversifying our geographic reach and earnings sources. Any excess cash generated beyond these projects within the constraints of our financial policy will be returned to shareholders through share buybacks. Collectively, we see this algorithm is driving the compound annual growth rate of free cash flow per outstanding share to be the mid-teens through 2028. And all while investing in the Japan Integrated Resort.
 Bill, over to you. 
William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan, and good afternoon and good evening, everybody. I am the color commentary that Jonathan spoke to in his opening comment. And what I want to do and what I hope to do in the future on these, just go through some top line thoughts as we think about the business and reiterate things that I think are important, obviously, in what happened in the quarter, but more importantly, from a go-forward perspective. 
 Obviously, when we use the word record first quarter and if you look at and think about recent reporting, we're pretty excited and pretty pleased with that. It speaks to our diversity of our business and our four key pillars: Las Vegas, our regional properties, Macau, and we believe, ultimately, our digital business. We're obviously very excited and pleased by what's happened in China. Our EBITDA is up almost 80%, and it's 140% over 2019 levels. So it speaks to that market. I think what we've been able to accomplish.
 In Las Vegas, our strength continues, particularly at the high end we make roughly 75% to 80% of our adjusted property EBITDAR. The idea of a luxury campus and being focused on the epicenter of activity here has paid off, and we feel will continue to. And Marriott is off to a great start. We've booked approximately 75% over our expectations. And to date, we've booked over 140,000 room nights and the most surprising thing to date has been the group business. The activity case in that segment was a little unexpected. They do know a lot of folks that we didn't know, and we're quite pleased by that.
 And again, as I always start these, a kudos to our team, our Net Promoter Scores have never been higher. We're holding these scores on margins that have delivered. You saw the margin this past quarter at 37% for Las Vegas. And so we're very excited by that. And I want to thank the team who is doing more with less and doing it better than they've ever done it. So thank you.
 As it relates to capital allocation, you've heard Jonathan talk about the credit facility. That's about $3.6 billion in Japan that represents the largest private financing in Japan's history. And we've also been able to hedge about 60% of that project against obviously has been a massively over inflated yen in our favor over the last couple of years. And so we're well into that positioning at 60% of that project hedged for the future. And obviously, we continue to leverage the balance sheet. You heard Jonathan say we've bought back 37% of the company, and we'll continue to do so where we see value.
 I think about Las Vegas first, again, another strong quarter, principally driven by the high end. Although we did see some signs of fatigue at the lower end of the market, overall ADR was up 7% in the first quarter and expected to hold that range into the second with increased occupancies looking at the second quarter and through the balance of the year. We're excited by the opening of connectivity between ourselves and Cosmopolitan. We finished the bridge that ties Cosmopolitan Vdara and Bellagio. And next quarter, I'll talk to you more extensively about plans to do a similar thing in the front of Bellagio that will tie out the front end of the strip to the Cosmopolitan and creating what we truly hope is a luxury campus.
 The other thing that's obviously beginning to materialize. We saw the closure of the Tropicana and the [indiscernible] stadium is coming. And if you just take a moment and think about the positioning of us and all of these stadium/arenas between T-Mobile, Allegiant, and the new [ A ] stadium within a mile and really at the epicenter of our resorts, we have over 1 million seats a month that are accessible to some sport or entertainment activity and programming.
 We have suggested in prior calls that our convention business was returning and it is and it has, most notably from tech our group forecast is up 6.5% for 2023, and our year-to-date production is up 29% for all future dates. And I will tell you that Mandalay Bay in April just had one of its most successful months in its history. And so we're excited and pleased by the team and the work that they've done down there. Despite all of this, we've continued to maintain the margins. And I want to remind something on the wage, obviously, the wage impact issue was almost 11% in Las Vegas or actually across the company, if I think about some of the individualized properties, but particularly across Las Vegas, come June 1, that begins the cycle. And overall, if you recall what we did, we did a 5.5-year deal with just over a 5% CAGR. And so those percentages now will begin starting in June, at least as an increase begin to fall.
 And then if you think about Las Vegas, maybe my final comment, Tropicana has closed. Obviously, the Mirage is pending and what may or may not happen there, but we don't see any new inventory for a considerable period of time. And obviously, we think that accretes favorably to us and ultimately, our current players.
 You heard Jonathan's comments on the regions, and I think you've heard from many others, the quarter started slow, there was bad weather, particularly in the North and the Northeast, Detroit was particularly impacted by weather, by strike and still a hangover from the cyber. But each month has gotten progressively better. And in March, we returned with 47% market share. And so we're pleased by where that business is going directionally as well as the balance of our marginals and Corey promised all of us a 30% margin, and we hit it. And so given the wage increases, I'm pleased with that team and excited by that as well.
 Macau, as you all know, for us, in particular, but I think for the market is simply booming. We continue to maintain, I think, an outsized portion of share, we're at 17% for the quarter. Obviously, record EBITDAR. We paid our first dividend since 2019. We heard this week about Visa reforms. And I think some of the regions are opening up without needing visas at all. And so I think that accretes all to visitation and obviously, in all of our favors. And if we recall, the market's probably back at about an 80% rate. So we still see some uptick and some growth there. For us, in particular, we're excited by some of the enhancements. And we're adding new villas at MGM Macau and Suites in Cotai because we are under suited in that market.
 We have a new show that was announced, [ Johnny Mo ], the producer the 2008 Beijing Olympics is producing a show for us, which we're very excited about. And we have a world-class museum currently under construction at MGM Macau which will begin to satisfy and speak to some of the cultural things that we promised the city in Macau in general that we do. And so overall, I couldn't be more pleased with the team and the job. And I will make this comment, margins there, you'll see our 29% for the quarter. So despite the hyperbole about all of the promotional activity, particularly aimed at us at 29%, I just query that, and I challenge that and frankly, if we had retail to the extent of someone like two of our competitors, we'd be in the low to mid-30s. And so I'm excited about what the team continues to do there. And obviously, we expect and see. And as we've seen again in April, that to continue.
 Moving over digitally. There are some challenges, obviously, in North America. We are focused with BetMGM on our product and Angstrom integration and we're working hard at that. We've launched single account, single wallet everywhere but in Nevada. And you will see that come to fruition between now and football season. And Angstrom has now begun to give us additional parlay offerings and in-play betting for baseball and NBA, and we hope to bring that to fruition again with football this fall. So a lot of work to do there. We recognize the product efficiency, but I like the road map. I like the team. I like the focus, and I like where we're going.
 Outside of the U.S., LeoVegas, particularly now in Sweden, has seen a return. There was a whole relicensing procedure there that cost everyone, including us, and that was their primary market. So LeoVegas is on the rebound. BetMGM U.K., which we spoke about last quarter is doing exceptionally well. We've established a real presence there. And again, something we're excited by. And then yesterday saw the first soft launch of BetMGM in the Netherlands. 
 And so the BetMGM brand will begin to extend itself throughout LeoVegas' network and beyond. Overall, our digital strategy remains the same. At some point, we want to be self-sustaining with all site features, including producing our own games and our own product. Some of the initial work by Push, we've mentioned before, is doing exceptionally well, and we're excited by that. You'll see live dealer up and operating between now and the end of summer here in Las Vegas. Very excited to understand that and the value that, that ultimately bring our digital business. 
 And the idea that we could do live dealing from Las Vegas and put it out into several global markets, I think it's going to be interesting and fascinating for the business and a good brand builder of note. And we are also looking at to LeoVegas business, LATAM and South America and some additional Eastern Europe countries for exposure and for expansion.
 On the development pipeline, we've talked about this, but now that we have financing in place. We put our consortium in place, excited to be going forward with real construction and we hope to be in the ground sometime next spring, summer, driving pylons with a -- we still have an eye on a 2030 opening and nothing is to dissuade that at this point. So we're excited by it. We're excited by the design, the development and the fact that we've got this next most important phase behind us, and so we're pushing forward aggressively.
 You heard Jonathan talk about. We have UAE. We have an eye on Abu Dhabi in Dubai as that unfolds. And so to the extent something becomes meaningful, obviously, we'll keep you all posted. I will say we're somewhat disappointed with the process in New York, but we've been there since, I think, 2015 or '16. We will remain patient and we will remain focused. And the good news here for us is we like our [ chances ], the City of Yonkers has our full support behind us. And so we think that's meaningful as we come ultimately into the process that will entail. It sounds like next spring, if you will.
 And then like many others, we have an eye in Texas and Thailand. Time to tell what happens both in those two markets. Obviously, it's a government process that's ongoing in both places. But we are there, and we are just trying to understand those opportunities for what they may ultimately bring to the company.
 In conclusion, you've heard me use this word in the past. And I think probably more than any other quarter, it came through in this quarter, the word diversification of our products and the diversification of our business. Obviously, Macau did a great deal of lift this quarter. Las Vegas held its own, the regionals are recovering, and the digital business has been fully funded, and we're looking forward to what it can do ultimately down the road. 
 So with all of that, I will turn this open to questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. 
Joseph Greff: Good afternoon, everybody. Bill, the early experience with Marriott and bookings there positive. Obviously, Tony Capuano mentioned that this morning on Marriott's earnings conference call. I was hoping you could just talk a little bit about what you're seeing so far. I know it's early in terms of out-of-room spend with these bookings compared to maybe either the bookings they're displacing or with just MGM, and this is more of a specific Las Vegas stripe question. And then further to this, is it helping more on the high end? Is it potentially serving as a buffer on the low end? You obviously referenced low-end fatigue in your prepared comments? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, Joe, it's Jonathan. I'll offer a couple of observations. First, as you noted in the [ premise ] of the question, it is early. I mean, we're off to a great start with over 130,000 rooms booked. We've actualized over 50,000 of those so far. What we're seeing now is a higher premium then we had figured when we were going into this deal, breaks down between rate and the on-property spend. But between the two of those, right now, it's around $150 higher than the rooms that we believe are being displaced by this occupancy. About 100 or so of that is on rate and about $50 premium on on-property spend. So that's all with the caveats around it being early, but that's what we're seeing.
 And I'll offer one comment and then maybe Bill or Corey want to comment on the group side of this equation and that is that it really is the leisure customers that we're displacing coming through other channels, but they are across all of the businesses, including our regional properties. 
Corey Sanders: Yes. In the properties, I mean, it's pretty -- they're booking throughout the portfolio. Probably Bellagio's leading, and we're actually seeing some pickup even in our legacy properties. In addition, the other area where we're seeing some pretty nice pickup is Borgata. So we're very pleased with what we're seeing across the portfolio. 
William Hornbuckle: And as it relates to group, Joe, we've gotten tens of thousands of referrals. And the fascinating thing is we didn't know, and we thought we're pretty good at this, we have been historically, but we didn't know 80% of those referrals. And the vast majority of that business is going midstream. MGM has been so far -- again, it's very early, the biggest beneficiary of bookings into the group segment. And so we have 13 GSOs, they have 1,300 literally. So it's meaningful. 
Joseph Greff: And then my follow-up question, maybe more geared towards Jonathan. About a month ago, there was news reports of potential efforts to divest certain regional assets? Obviously, if there was something to update us on, you would update us in the press release. But more of my question is about the strategic thinking in terms of how you go about and maybe thinking about pruning the portfolio domestically and what are the certain characteristics or considerations that you think about when thinking about this? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure. I appreciate the question. Clearly, we can't comment on anything like those reports you referenced. But look, we're always looking at the portfolio and to understand how it fits in overall with that strategically. Things that are very important include market positioning in markets that we believe have strong potential for growth. Overall scale because this is a business where most of our properties, including our regional properties are doing north of $200 million annually EBITDAR. So scale matters.
 And then finally, the way in which all of our properties interact with the whole importation of business into Las Vegas, the linkage with our digital businesses, et cetera. But those are the general lenses through which we look at the portfolio and how they fit in with the strategy. 
William Hornbuckle: And Joe, I'll only add one other thing. And those properties that demonstrate beyond just organic growth, real growth potential at some point for various -- each property is a little different, so for various reasons. But if they don't demonstrate that, then we have potentially a different view. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. 
Shaun Kelley: I was hoping we can maybe just drill in on digital a little bit. So maybe one kind of specific and then one strategic. The specific question would just be, can you help us think about the loss cadence? I think we've been very clear here that 2024 would be an investment year again. So just help us think about how some of those investments may play throughout. And is there some additional marketing, especially in the second half as you get the product to, I think, where you want in the Angstrom integrations kind of done?
 And then maybe the strategic question, just to hit it all at once would be a big picture here. Kind of what more would you look for in digital? Are there some things on the technology side? And/or is it more of the market expansion side that you're kind of looking to expand upon digitally? 
William Hornbuckle: I'll take that first part of that. So when it comes to BetMGM, if you will, I think your comments are pretty relatively spot on, we want to see the product development as it comes out throughout the balance of the year. I think the idea -- we've all talked about the idea of leaning in, if we think where we need to be and want to be by end of the year, particularly through football and beyond. Obviously, for the first quarter, I think digital for all of us was a little rough. Nobody wanted a Super Bowl bet, no one seemed to win a March Madness bet. We're not alone in that. But all that said, I think the plan that we had put forward in discussions to date, you can hold true on.
 As it relates to longer, there are obviously -- particularly with things like Angstrom and product deliverable, there's a lot to be done that can be done. We're pushing 40-odd states in terms of sports betting. Obviously, iGaming is the real opportunity over time. Arguably, we're all in fix. I think we operate in five and three that really make a difference. And so there's huge upside to that potential. And we continue to try to push for that each and every day.
 If you think about then the digital side of our other business, meaning the LeoVegas business, it is about the extension of BetMGM's brand and what it could mean in certain established markets. And the focus on places like South America of note and LATAM, we see long-term real growth potential there if we can get ourselves established in the proper regulated markets. And so none of that happens overnight, as you know, but like what we've done in terms of positioning like the products that we have and the foundation we've built, particularly there and some of the things we were bought to add going down the road there to stabilize that business and to own all of that business. And so we're excited by that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. 
Carlo Santarelli: Jonathan, just doubling back to some of your comments earlier in the call. Obviously, good ADR growth in the first quarter, rates pacing up for each subsequent quarter grew pacing well. Obviously, as Bill mentioned, we lapped the big headwind with the union contract, the incremental expenses. As you guys think about the rest of the year and all the puts and takes, be it hold comparisons from last year, easy/hard et cetera, events last year, although that should pretty much normalize right now in the book of business that you currently have with kind of some of the known expenses and where they're going, obviously, going up but less heartily as they have been. Do you look at the outlook for the rest of this year and believe there's potential for Vegas Strip EBITDAR to grow as you work through the year? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, is the simple answer. As we look not only to the leading indicators that we have in our book of business, but also the initiatives that we have underway. And yes, we are confident that we can grow EBITDAR in Las Vegas this year. 
Carlo Santarelli: And then if I could, just -- I know you guys tightened up some of the slide deck materials and stuff and actually, it's very user friendly. Will the Hong Kong filing provide much of the same material that it provided historically on the MGM China piece of the business for modeling purposes? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, it will. 
Carlo Santarelli: And will that be out at some point this evening? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, in about 30 minutes. I'm told. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Katz from Jefferies. 
David Katz: I wanted to follow on in the digital train of thought. And when we last spoke publicly, there were notions about potential further tuck-ins and some potentially of some meaningful size and continuing to grow that business through some acquisitions. I'm not sure that you touched on that today. And I just wanted to get a sense for what that thinking might be. 
William Hornbuckle: I didn't on purpose. There are some contemplated tuck-ins coming down the road. But for now, I'm just going to leave it at that. I think I stated on the earlier call, we're anxious to solidify something in sports. We like content businesses. We're anxious to get into the live dealer business. And so none of that's changed. And so I think you'll see us over the course of time here, do things that will further solidify that strategy and get us deeper into those objectives. 
David Katz: And if I can just follow up on BetMGM, right? There's a lot of your sort of commentary and vision for BetMGM has progressed appropriately, but in a steady way where from afar, it seems like there's a lot of fluidity on your partner side. And my question is, has there been any near-term sort of positive change and sort of how they're approaching the business, executing on the business, et cetera, beyond what you mentioned in some of your prepared remarks? 
William Hornbuckle: Yes. Look, I think Stella, their new CEO, is the breath of fresh air. She's been extremely transparent, she took Adam Greenblatt, who is the CEO of BetMGM to India to get under the covers, to meet with the design development teams. So she had him speak at a town hall about the importance of BetMGM and all that mattered and so we're excited by that. We think it's movement in the right direction, and it's something that, frankly, heretofore hadn't happened. And so that's all affirmative and positive. Everyone is agreeing to the road map. It's an extensive road map on product development, and it's going to take some time and energy and some investment, particularly in Entain's behalf, and they're fully supportive of that. And so yes, I think things have changed, and I think for the much better. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandt Montour from Barclays. 
Brandt Montour: So first question is on Las Vegas. Maybe you could reconcile or help us reconcile the slot volume trends that you saw in the quarter versus the really strong room rates? And I guess what I'm asking is, is there any sort of behavioral shift for customer trend shift going on under the surface? And what's driving that? Can you talk about the trade-off between those two factors? And how much control you have over that shift? 
Corey Sanders: Yes, I'll start, and John, if you want to add in. In the quarter, our convention mix was up, but also with the Marriott integration, we definitely strategically looked at reducing our lower end of that casino base. And so we definitely -- we believe that we got the revenue back in the hotel in the convention base for the lost revenue on the slot side there. 
Brandt Montour: And my second question is on MGM China. And Bill, you touched on the competitive environment there. Your market share in January was well documented to be high, but your average from the mass table market share over the quarter was obviously lower, it implies a lower exit rate. I'm just curious if you want to double back on the January market share and maybe talk about what happened there? And was it -- I guess it wasn't permanent of course, and how much of [ those hold ]? But what can you say about exit rate on market share heading in the second quarter? 
William Hornbuckle: Let me deflect to Kenny and/or Hubert here. I think most of it was tied to hold in January, but gentlemen, correct me if I'm wrong. 
Xiaofeng Feng: Yes. You were right. And we have also had some VIP place in January. So that was a major reason that we reached 20% market share in January, but definitely [ all of all ] is in mid-teens as we always said in our previous calls. 
Unknown Executive: The exit market share rate for March was 15.8%, and we're pretty much stable on that front. And we see a little higher number in April around that.
 [Technical Difficulty] 
Operator: Thank you for holding everyone. We do have the speakers rejoining the conference. Our next question comes from Chad Beynon from Macquarie. 
Chad Beynon: I wanted to start with capital allocation. So you purchased another $0.5 billion worth of stock in the quarter. Can you just update us. I know you said there's [ 17 ] left on the plan, but how you're thinking about opportunistic versus programmatic over the next couple of quarters? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks, Chad. And again, I apologize for the interruption there. Yes, we did $500 million in the first quarter. It will be programmatic for the remainder of the year. That being said, we are looking at some upcoming equity investments later this year and into 2025 in our project in Japan. So that will certainly have some bearing on our share repurchase activity. But we do have, by our calculation about $1.2 billion in excess cash right now. And so at these values, share repurchases will continue to be a meaningful part of our capital allocation program. 
Chad Beynon: And then on the regional margins, I know there was a lot of weather interruption in January. Can you help us think about maybe the March exit rate, how that looks from a year-over-year perspective? And if you expect that to be stable on a go-forward basis? 
Corey Sanders: I'll cover it. March was an exceptional month as we saw it play really come back and the exit margin there was at 35%. 
William Hornbuckle: But I wouldn't suspect that to sustain let's be clear. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Grambling from Morgan Stanley. 
Stephen Grambling: I appreciate the longer-term thought process on the mid-teens free cash flow algo. But hoping you could peel back the onion a bit there as we think about tracking this going forward, what would be the underlying growth that you'd think through in Vegas versus the regions versus MGM China, kind of separating that out from BetMGM or new markets. And I think I heard you say through 2028. And I guess is that the right bookend? Or is that just more of a long-term thing? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. We believe that the domestic operations can continue to grow, both in Las Vegas and the regions in the mid-single digits over that time frame. Now that's organic growth. We do have plans for some additional growth capital investment in Las Vegas mainly, which would  increase that growth rate. We think the growth rate is that or higher in our China operations. And then the reason we use the 2028 time frame is in that time frame, while that would capture our expected investments in the New York market, it would not capture the returns on the investment in Japan. But we just think that, right now, a 5-year time frame that's what we use for our internal planning, and that's what we think is reasonable to introduce when we talk about our compound annual growth rate of free cash flow per share. 
Stephen Grambling: And maybe one other quick follow-up. Just on BetMGM, you've said in the past that it's going to be self-funding from here. Is there anything that you'd be looking for where you'd say this is something that we would want to invest in to contribute to BetMGM or provide them with additional capital for any reason? 
William Hornbuckle: Yes. Well, there's a couple of potential things. Look, obviously, not that California is going to happen anytime soon. But if California were our other large markets, Texas, et cetera, Georgia, it could probably be another one you could put into this boat. We would be aggressive there, like I think all others would be, and so that would take some capital. And so we would never say never to be clear. And I'm speaking on behalf of MGM in terms of its growth and what it wants to do with that business. And so I think for now, as we think about this year, the plan that we put forward is going to hold. If we get product really right, we see an opportunity to lean in, we will. I don't necessarily know what it will do to the cash. It won't be meaningful. And so only some other or some acquisition comes along that we think BetMGM might be ripe for. But I think the way to think about it is the projection we have out there is probably a pretty safe projection for now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John DeCree from CBRE. 
John DeCree: [ Bob ], maybe to start off on a high level, Bill, you've talked about some of the opportunities that you're watching Thailand, UAE, Texas. And obviously, we know where we're at in New York and Japan right now. So maybe of the other ones, curious if you could give us some additional thoughts or which ones you might be most excited about or I think maybe have the best chance of coming to fruition over the next couple of years? 
William Hornbuckle: I think at least in terms of the market, I think UAE will come to fruition. I think there's enough indicators there enough work has been done to recognize that either Abu Dhabi of note or one of the other Emirates will come to life. Obviously, [ Winn ] has got a project in the ground and is waiting for national legislation and regulatory framework. So I think that would be the most affirmative.
 Thailand is interesting. Obviously, it's fully within the government's control and hands at this point. The dialogue to date has been encouraging. We will see the cost to do business there, the margins that could be had would be compelling, very. But again, I don't want to get ahead of that curve.
 And Texas is -- if there's two or three states left in the U.S. that are meaningful, it's one of them. And so there's four big cities that have been talked about there without giving strategy. Everyone's got positioning and eyes on one of them as do we. And so we continue to follow that. But I wouldn't look for anything immediate there either, frankly, particularly in terms of brick-and-mortar. 
John DeCree: And maybe a follow-up more on BetMGM and the rest of the portfolio in the omnichannel strategy, it's kind of been a little bit of a focus. I don't know if we've talked too much about it today. So curious if you can share some updates on what you're seeing in terms of kind of crossover play and then maybe in the context of an event like Super Bowl in Las Vegas with a big draw. And now that you've got kind of tentacles around the whole nation through BetMGM, I'm curious how you're seeing those trends play out. 
William Hornbuckle: I think the notion of omnichannel and the notion of people that play back and forth is about 15% of BetMGM's database give or take. Until we get this single account, single wallet in Nevada, I don't think it's as meaningful as it could and potentially will be. I think that can be very meaningful long term for us because it's a unique position we would have here, particularly over the other leading contenders in this space. And obviously, we see a whole bunch of visitors every year here who have intent. And so for things like Super Bowl, et cetera, it would be important. But we have done a meaningful job and a good job in Super Bowl is the example of inviting, reaching out and making sure that BetMGM's VIP clientele are well catered to, and we hosted several of them during that event in particular, private party tickets to the game, et cetera. And so that activity will continue. It's really when we get single account, single wallet set up, and some more connectivity between MGM Rewards and BetMGM's loyalty system that you really see some traction. 
Jonathan Halkyard: I think it's also notable to mention that we had about 1 million sign-ups for MGM rewards during the quarter, an all-time record, 600,000 of those came from BetMGM. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robin Farley from UBS. 
Robin Farley: Just circling back to your outlook for EBITDA in Vegas growing this year. Can you give us a sense of, I don't know, any kind of quarterly cadence? I assume that Q3 since you'd be comping the cyber hacking last year is maybe would have the easiest comps or would provide maybe most of the growth in that? Is that the right way to think about that?
 And then I also wanted to -- I was curious about a comment that Bill sort of mentioned here about additional capital investment in Vegas, and I'm wondering if you could give us any further shape of what that might mean? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure. We, right now, I think we'll be able to grow EBITDAR in Las Vegas in each of the next three quarters. And you're correct to note that the third quarter will probably represent greater growth relative to the second and the fourth quarter, primarily because of the incident last year. And then on the capital question. 
William Hornbuckle: Yes, I'm sorry, Robin. I often never [indiscernible]. I will go through that in some detail next quarter. And I think you'll find it all very interesting. And so if you could give me the privilege of that time, that would be great. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Politzer from Wells Fargo. 
Daniel Politzer: We've been hearing more about outbound China picking up more recently. To what extent are you seeing that in Las Vegas? And particularly as it relates to [indiscernible], is that part of that growth outlook that you've kind of laid out here for 2024? 
William Hornbuckle: I make a macro comment. The challenge with China right now, we're about 30% recovered in terms of volume of people to fly in and out of China, if you have to fly over Russia, there's an economic burden if you can't fly over Russia. And so that puts pressure on packaging, tour, leisure, et cetera. And so until that's resolved, i.e., Ukraine, I think that challenge is going to exist.
 I had the good fortune of being in China about a month ago. I actually had the good fortune of meeting with President Xi and talking about this very subject. He is open to people to people exchange as he referenced it in a meaningful way. But I think we all have that bit of a hurdle. And then Corey, I don't know Chinese New Years was good, but go ahead. 
Corey Sanders: Chinese New Year's was good. And on the high-end side, we probably saw for the first time since COVID some more million-dollar customers than we've seen in the past, which is positive. We're still only about 55% of where we were in China on the high end from 2019. But even last -- a few weeks ago, we had a group come in for the Masters. They came to Vegas first, and they're going to send them to the [ master ]. So we're seeing some positive results there. 
Daniel Politzer: And then just pivoting to Macau. I think flow through in the quarter was around 30%. I know you've talked in the past a little bit about margins and expectations there. But is that kind of the right way to think about it going forward as we kind of fill out in terms of the recovery? 
Unknown Executive: Kenny, why don't you take that? 
Xiaofeng Feng: Yes. I think like basically, as we always said, in our cause, we are targeting about like a high 20s, around 30% of our EBITDA margin. Based on the current business trends, we feel comfortable with such kind of expectations. 
Operator: And our final question today comes from Barry Jonas from Truist Securities. 
Barry Jonas: I want to start with Macau. Could you maybe talk a little bit about the specific benefits you're seeing with your smart tables there? Should we expect any impact to market share once competitors get those tables? And I guess, is there any opportunity to use that technology in any other of your markets? 
William Hornbuckle: Go ahead, Hubert. 
Zhi Qi Wang: There are multiple aspects of the benefits of smart tables. First of all, you have game security. Of course, it's -- everything is tracked, and it's very difficult to cheat the game. It's almost impossible. And we have cases where people thought that they got away. But as soon as the chips come back, they were caught. And also operating efficiency because far less supervision manning. So these are just from a basic operation standpoint. And then because of the capability of tracking [ all these ] play, so it allows us to have a lot more data, which allows us to do precision marketing based on various customers playing level, we can also give them real-time rewards. 
 And it allows us to develop new games as well. For instance, we already launched insurance bet in this market, and this is impossible to do it manually. And with this technology, we can do it. So -- and it's also very favorably viewed by the regulators in this environment. And so yes, you're right, everybody is trying to implement that. And I think that we have at least several years of lead in the implementation and also take advantage of this technology to execute various programs. 
William Hornbuckle: Kenny do you want to add anything? 
Xiaofeng Feng: I just want to add a little bit in like -- actually, we had this technology already in 2016. People are always asking how we are leading this market? Why we are recovering in this way after COVID? I just want to make a little bit of comment on that. What differentiates us in the market is really -- most is a company-wide from the senior management, we possess a deep outstanding of our customers, particularly the premium mass from their culture, their habit, behavior background profile, even their home province and the dialects. 
 China is a vast country with a huge supply of nearly everything like a cutting edge technology like various hospitality products. In the past three years, we didn't waste our time and kept innovating and refreshing our products, our services to meet the ever-changing customer expectations. So we are doing that. We just launched two Casino [ F&B ] outlets in April, which has been well received on the social media and by customers. Basically, all the team members here, we encourage all of you to visit us in person, seeing is believing. So when you come, we can walk you through all the details, initiatives implemented in the past few years that we have done. I think that's my comment about our performance competitiveness. 
Barry Jonas: And then maybe just as a final question. Bill, when you look at the M&A environment right now, is there anything interesting for you strategically on the buy side within land-based gaming and the regionals or even Vegas? 
William Hornbuckle: Barry, if I could answer that, I wouldn't. But there's always interesting things. Vegas, we have a full plate as you know. And so -- look, the good news is we're in a position that we get advised news of most things that are happening out there. But no, there's nothing imminent that sits there as gee, wouldn't it be great to have at this point in time. So that's why we're focused on new markets and our digital business.
 And then ultimately, because this just leads into this, what's left with a lot of free cash flow is continue to buy back shares to get back to shareholders if we just don't think there's anything better to do with the cash. And we've done a lot of that. So I think it speaks to our -- obviously, the comps from [indiscernible] was extremely accretive, and we look for those, but there are not a lot of them out there. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference call back over to Bill Hornbuckle for any closing remarks. 
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, operator, and thank you all for joining us. Sorry for the glitch in the middle of this. We're not sure exactly what happened on either side.
 As we talked about, obviously, a well-balanced portfolio. We think we've got great pillars in the ground in these four specific locations, Las Vegas, Regional, Macau and Digital. We think if you think about Las Vegas, we have luxury, we have convention, we have value. And we're literally in the epicenter of the entertainment offerings, both current and future. And so we're very excited by that.
 While we are third in digital, in BetMGM, we are #1 in brick-and-mortar operators who have entered this space. And so this is a highly competitive space. We're excited by where we are and what we're trying to get to. Much work to be done there and frankly, some catch-up to be done there. And we recognize it as well as our partner does. And so we're excited by that.
 We'll keep you all posted as New York and hopefully, UAE become a reality and same with Thailand and/or Texas. And in the interim, and I just said it earlier, but to the extent we have free growing cash flow, and we do, we'll continue to return it to shareholders when we don't there's anything better to do with the cash. So I thank you all, and have a great evening. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's presentation. We do thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-13 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Jonathan Halkyard, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Kenneth Feng, President and Executive Director of MGM China; and Andrew Chapman, Director of Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. 
 Now I would like to turn the call over to Andrew Chapman. 
Andrew Chapman: Good afternoon, and welcome to MGM Resorts International Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Call. This call is being broadcast live on the internet at investors.mgmresorts.com. We've also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. 
 On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. As is required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. 
 During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures when talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation, which are available on our website. 
 Finally, this presentation is being recorded. 
 I will now turn it over to Bill Hornbuckle. 
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, Andrew, and good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us today. 
 MGM Resorts achieved outstanding results in 2023, delivering all-time high adjusted property EBITDAR in Las Vegas and in MGM China. Notably, 7 of our domestic properties set individual records for adjusted property EBITDAR for the full year. These outstanding accomplishments underscore the resilience and the agility of our team in navigating a complex operating year. In fact, our employee earned record NPS scores from our customers throughout 2023. I want to thank all of our dedicated employees who constantly strive to deliver on world-class service to our guests. 
 The strength and resiliency of Las Vegas market has been particularly impressive. Strategically, you've heard me talk a lot last year about the evolution of Las Vegas as the new sports and entertainment capital of the world. You saw that fact proven out again Sunday as the city proudly hosted Super Bowl LVIII right in our own backyard. The game was another strong hotel and casino event for us with ADRs near $1,000 and posting 3 of the top 5 room revenue days ever recorded, and near-record event gaming volumes. The game weekend is typically a strong event for MGM Resorts but having the game in town amplified those results dramatically. 
 The game on Sunday followed our inaugural Formula 1 race in November, which was also an incredible success as the largest city event in our history. Additionally, we gleaned valuable insights from the event and specifically on how to better price and program all of our resorts and streamline the preparation work for future years. With both F1 and Super Bowl, our brand was on full display. Our proximity to the Legion Stadium, the F1 track and, of course, T-Mobile Arena afford us the opportunity to expand our reach during these citywide events. 
 We also have officially launched our partnership with Marriott with impressive early results. Marriott Bonvoy customers can now seamlessly book rooms at select MGM properties in Las Vegas with 16 brands set to be introduced by the end of Q1. 
 In Macau, we ended 2023 with an all-time record adjusted EBITDAR for the quarter and the full year. Our robust market share was comfortably in the mid-teens and continued its upward trend in January. The strategic addition of 200 table games, coupled with the agile operations of our team and the reinvestment into many amenities, have collectively driven these exceptional results. 
 In digital, BetMGM made its full year 2023 targets in both net revenue and second half profitability. They also made significant strides in the technology road map with the launching of a new app design and with single account, single wallet capabilities being available now in those states. 
 Looking ahead, our outlook remains strong. We're encouraged by the metrics we've seen in our business including room and rates on the books and in-the-year group attendance and future bookings as well as the robust event calendar for the city. Our Las Vegas operations, which represented more than 70% of our U.S. brick-and-mortar adjusted property EBITDAR in 2023, will benefit from a number of key initiatives in '24. For example, our transient segment will grow as a result of the Marriott relationship, which will bring a new customer base that will be acquired at lower acquisition costs, higher rates and more spend on property. 
 On the group side, the Mandalay Bay Convention Center refresh is nearly complete, and we're poised to benefit from an increased 100,000-plus group room nights on The Strip. With MGM's casino segment, we will drive growth from the return of Far East baccarat play, which is still below 2019 levels. We will leverage our branch office network to drive customers to our resorts in Las Vegas and expect to see further recovery of international inbound flights, which are still only 75% recovered from Asia. Later this week, we will hold our annual Chinese New Year celebration at Bellagio and Aria, which is already seeing stronger gaming demand than last year. 
 Our 2024 regional outlook anticipates demand to remain stable. That being said, we are committed to consistently improving our operational model, sustain margins and foster a steady generation of free cash flow. Our regional portfolio has historically proven to be highly defensive, thanks to the exceptional high-quality assets we operate, the diverse set of non-gaming amenities we offer, our strong market share positioning and overall customer loyalty. 
 Looking ahead in Macau, our exceptional results for 2023 have carried into the first 45 days of 2024 driven by successful events, including a Bruno Mars concert at the MGM Cotai, driving strong visitation to our properties. Demand in our properties for Chinese New Year, which is also going on now, is also very strong. As we look further into the year, the Macau government has set a target to attract 33 million visitors in 2024, reflecting a 17% increase year-over-year, a testament to our team's continuous innovation in crafting compelling experiences for our predominantly premium mass clientele. Our focuses on the New Year in Macau remain on three priorities: implementing strategic adjustments to our casino floor and existing room offerings to optimize yield, prioritizing the needs of our mass and premium mass customers and actively driving international tourism. 
 Turning to BetMGM. In 2024, we will soon be live in 29 markets with the launch of North Carolina next month. We had a noteworthy technology achievement in January with the approval and subsequent migration of the Entain platform in Nevada. This sets the stage for integration of single account, single wallet in Nevada later this spring, which is critical to our omnichannel thesis and will fully unlock one of the key differentiators for BetMGM by fully leveraging our Las Vegas properties. 
 Within our international digital space, in the U.K., LeoVegas, BetMGM's KPIs have exceeded our initial projections, demonstrating again the strength of MGM's brand. In fact, by leveraging the MGM Resorts' balance sheet, we now offer the highest jackpot payouts amongst all competitors in the U.S., making our offers even that much more compelling. 
 Turning to our development pipeline. In Osaka, we successfully began liquefaction countermeasures in the fourth quarter, maintaining our trajectory to commence preparatory construction efforts in 2025, on time for a 2030 opening. Additionally, in New York, the request for proposal process is currently underway. We anticipate submitting our full application to the government by the middle of this year with a decision expected shortly thereafter. 
 Putting it all together, our company is in a great position to generate free cash flow through 2028. We'll deploy this free cash strategically into development projects such as Japan and New York; we'll reinvest in our existing portfolio through maintenance and growth CapEx, which we are specifically focused on enhancing and expanding our luxury-oriented offerings; and the repurchase of shares at attractive levels and investment, which we believe will still continue to generate strong returns. 
 Jonathan, over to you. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks, Bill. And before I dig into the financial results, I'd like to join Bill in thanking our employees at MGM Resorts for an outstanding quarter and a truly great year. While I certainly focus on our exceptional financial results, we accomplished that and so much more together. 
 Our consolidated businesses in the fourth quarter generated net revenues of $4.4 billion, up 22% from last year; net income of $202 million; and adjusted EBITDAR of $1.2 billion. During the quarter, net cash from operating activities was $716 million and free cash flow was $387 million. It's important to note the $283 million in cash flow from operating activities and $18 million in capital expenditures related to MGM China, and they were included in the quarter. For the full year of 2023, free cash flow was $1.8 billion. 
 In Las Vegas, same-store net revenues, which excludes Mirage from the prior year period, was $2.4 billion, up 10% over last year. On previous calls, we've talked about the fact that our operations in Las Vegas skew towards the high end, with approximately 80% of our strip adjusted property EBITDAR coming from our luxury properties. Interestingly, this year's revenues from our luxury properties increased mid-teens for the quarter and the year, representing approximately 90% of our absolute top line growth. And this further highlights the prominence of the higher-end segments in our business here in Las Vegas. Same-store adjusted property EBITDAR increased 3% or $29 million year-over-year. Margins were about 36% in the quarter, well within our expected range in the mid-30s. 
 In the regions, same-store revenue, which excludes Gold Strike, was down 7% year-over-year, with same-store adjusted property EBITDAR decreasing $64 million or 22%. It's important to note that approximately $60 million of the decrease year-over-year came from Detroit and National Harbor, where those properties were impacted by disruptions related to a strike and some high-end play not returning, respectively. There was also some lingering cyber incident challenges that specifically impacted the regional portfolio given that promotional offers were not available to our customers for the first half of October. Beyond these specific property circumstances in the fourth quarter, the regional property trends remained stable. 
 As we look to drive future growth within our domestic portfolio, our centers of excellence and property leaders have identified opportunities to increase our share of customer spend and drive organic growth. We see plenty of both near-term and medium-term opportunities to enhance revenue per occupied room night even beyond the benefits of the Marriott partnership. For example, adaptive pricing will maximize throughput within our high-demand outlets and will further enhance our ability to drive upsells and new product offerings. This includes bundled packages with room, show and food and beverage offerings. We expect these initiatives to drive RevPAR growth in 2024. Improved segmentation will allow us to increase personalization and enhance the guest experience while driving increased NPS and overall customer lifetime value. An omnichannel purchase behavior by our MGM Rewards members will be enhanced by a single account, single wallet in Nevada later this year. Once in action, our customers will be able to open an account here in Las Vegas and bring that wallet home to continue their experience with MGM Resorts, allowing us to drive targeted marketing and outreach to further cross-sell our digital and physical assets. 
 Moving over to MGM China. Our record adjusted property EBITDAR of $262 million was a 42% increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. This was driven by casino revenue, which increased 31% versus the fourth quarter of 2019, and more specifically our main floor segment table games win, which increased 74% from 2019. Margins were in line with the first 3 quarters of the year at 27%. Market share was an all-time record in the fourth quarter at over 16%. And for the full year, our market share exceeded 15%, which is 600 basis points above our 2019 performance and 300 basis points above our table fair share. 
 On the digital side, BetMGM successfully met its 2023 targets by reporting positive EBITDA in the second half of the year and reaching the upper limit of its net revenue from operations guidance of $1.8 billion to $2 billion. 
 And let me close, as usual, with a brief walk-through of our capital allocation strategy and our valuation. First off, we successfully closed on an amendment and extension of our seam-secured credit facility this week. This expands our capacity by approximately $600 million to $2.3 billion and extends the maturity of that facility to 2029. The commitment from our relationship banks allows us to sustain our financial policy of a minimum $3 billion in liquidity while deploying incremental cash for further high-return investments, including share repurchases. As Bill mentioned, we expect to fully fund the equity contribution in Japan and the commercial gaming expansion in New York with our free cash flow. 
 Domestically, we intend to invest maintenance capital of approximately $600 million this year or 4% of revenue, which is consistent with our historical trend. Major maintenance capital projects this year focus on luxury-oriented offerings, examples being the remodeling of the Bellagio Tower Suites, the Cosmopolitan Chelsea Tower penthouses and the MGM Grand Main Tower rooms. 
 As of the end of 2023, we had liquidity of $4.5 billion when excluding MGM China. Excluding the cash that we keep on hand to operate our business, in keeping with our policy, we have $1 billion in excess cash, which will be allocated to international and digital acquisitions, high ROI capital projects, and share repurchases. We continue to see great value in our shares. And during the year, with a $2.3 billion repurchase of our shares, we reduced our share count by 14%. 
 To close, I would briefly like to discuss our enterprise valuation and why we still believe share repurchases are a remunerative use of our capital. Consider the following. As of yesterday, our share price was $47, and we had 320 million shares outstanding. This equates to a market capitalization of $15.1 billion. And if we add our quarter end domestic net debt and subtract the market value of our 56% stake in MGM China and analyst consensus estimates for the value of our 50% of BetMGM, then we have the enterprise value of our operations less China and BetMGM of $10.6 billion. Divide this by our 2023 EBITDA adjusted for corporate expense, and we calculate an implied current trailing trading multiple of just 4.9x. We think this multiple represents a discount to the value that we see in our future cash flows, which provides us further conviction in returning capital to shareholders by repurchasing our shares at these levels. 
 Bill, back to you. 
William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. Before I open it up for questions, maybe just some general comments on the year. And you've heard me say this and used these words, resilient and luxury, a couple of times. If you think about, particularly this last quarter, we were on our heels with a cyberattack. You all understood what that did to us. And so as we entered October, to think we'd end up having the quarter we had, I couldn't be prouder of the organization. And it particularly shown through in luxury. Bellagio, after 25 years, had its best quarter in its history and its best year in its history. And so it does prove that in continuing to invest in these properties in the right place at the right time does make a difference. And so we're very excited by thinking about that as we continue to go forward. 
 I think about what happened with BetMGM and ultimately, our database. MGM Rewards database now has over 44 million participants driven by BetMGM and ultimately, the omnichannel effect of that long term will begin, we think, to pay dividends. 
 Macau is doing amazingly well. I know some of our competitors are wondering what we're doing. Kenny and the team broke through 20% in the month of January for market share. I'm not suggesting that's sustainable. But I will tell you, I think we have repositioned those 2 properties, and we're prepared to compete on an equal basis with anybody in the marketplace. 
 When I think about BetMGM, the original goal 5 years ago was to get into the top 3 because we thought it mattered. And we have. We realize there's focus on product. There are some things we need to do to maintain and keep market share. And we think moves by that team, with Angstrom and other things, have done that for us. 
 We realized, particularly this quarter, there's pressure on regional margins. We know what they did. But remember what Jonathan said, $60 million of the $64 million was tied to two events: a Detroit strike and ultimately, a player in our National Harbor company didn't come back year-over-year. 
 We find ourselves with one of the best balance sheets in the industry, which well positions us to invest in places like Japan and New York. We are looking aggressively at the U.A.E., and Gary Fritz and the digital team has constant things in front of us in terms of growing the balance of our worldwide digital business. And so we're excited by all of that. 
 And then obviously, if again, you follow Jonathan's math, like every CEO, we think we're under-traded at 4.9x, but obviously, you all will be the judge of that. 
 So with that, operator, I will open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. 
Joseph Greff: Starting off with the Las Vegas, Bill, Jonathan and whoever else is in the room there, can you talk about maybe isolating in the fourth quarter the EBITDA contribution from F1? And then you might be still counting your money from the Super Bowl, but do you think the Super Bowl event in Las Vegas is of a larger magnitude than what the EBITDA contribution from F1 was in the fourth quarter? And then sticking to the topic of F1, Bill, you mentioned about maybe you have a better priced F1 this year and in coming years. Do you think year 2 can be bigger than year 1? Or does it have to level off before it can grow? 
William Hornbuckle: Let me give some broad stroke and then Corey and Jonathan both kick in. Look, F1, when you balance it out year-over-year, it was actually a $70 million increase year-over-year. But if I neutralize the year before, it was about $50 million. We didn't run lucky the year before. 
 Super Bowl was amazing. We were always concerned, we do great Super Bowl parties here, will it be the kind of event that will drive given the additional expense of the tickets, et cetera, et cetera? The answer was hands-down yes, and particularly rooms, and it drove them across the board. Unlike where F1 was isolated to our premium properties, Super Bowl drove it across the board. We had thousands of people in all of our ballrooms in the MGM Grand Garden enjoying the game and enjoying the festivities. And so it was a really successful universal event. Las Vegas showed up, and I think we all did a tremendous job hosting it. And where I was skeptical going in, I would look to clearly want to host this again. 
 I think on pricing when it comes to Formula One, we're going to be more cautious at some of the outlier properties that we have. We got paid for Bellagio, Aria, Cosmopolitan along the track, and we got paid well. I think the further away you've got from the track, with a couple of exceptions, MGM held in there well because of its adjacency to the paddock. There's opportunity to do that better and get more people back into the town. 
Corey Sanders: What I would add, Joe, on F1 in particular, the south Strip in particular, we would treat that probably more like a normal weekend going forward because of the lack of activation there. So we think there's opportunity there. And on Super Bowl, I mean, every cash register, from food and beverage to entertainment, was ringing. So it was much more widespread at every property compared to F1, which was isolated to the luxury. 
Joseph Greff: Great. And Bill, maybe this is a good chance for you to revisit any updated thinking and the Board's thinking on any kind of large-scale digital M&A. Has anything really changed or evolved since the last time you made public commentary on it? 
William Hornbuckle: No. Look, I was at ICE last week, I met with Stella, our partner. We're still very focused on making sure everyone's focus is on BetMGM. And particularly this is a critical year, I think, for all of us. So it's about product, product, product and focus. And so that remains the focus for now. 
Operator: The next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. 
Carlo Santarelli: I respect that you've talked about this previously and not really breaking out kind of impacts from hold, but clearly, in Las Vegas, in the third and fourth quarter, you've experienced much higher than at least what we're accustomed to hold percentages. And I was wondering if, a, you could perhaps provide some impact in the fourth quarter in Las Vegas from the hold; and b, maybe just talk about more quantitatively what's driving it and how sustainable or what you would think, if you had to go back and do it again, normalized hold is in the current environment. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Carlo, it's Jonathan. Yes, we've tried to get out of the business of giving quantifying hold impacts because, as you know, there's a lot of things that cut both ways when trying to isolate the impact of hold. It's certainly true that we experienced good hold in the fourth quarter. But I would also say that, first of all, with this customer segment that drove some of those results, the nature of the play is such that it can lead to higher hold anyway. So the whole idea of what a normal hold is, is a little bit different. 
 And then second of all, there are expenses associated with these customer segments, including, of course, the normal complementaries as well as, in certain cases, discounts in order to induce more rapid retirement of markers and the like. But look, it positively contributed to the results. There's no question about that. But I would also highlight that there were offsets to that, including player-related expenses, as well as some other things we incurred in the quarter. 
Carlo Santarelli: Okay. Good enough. I appreciate that, Jonathan. And then just one follow-up on Macau and perhaps kind of how you're thinking about things there. Obviously, the results are very good. The market share results continue to be very good. But the flow-through in the period, if we look at it on a sequential basis, was a little lower. And I'm wondering if that has anything to do with just kind of expenses that you're incurring or if it's concession-related programming, things of that nature, if you can give us some color on how we should think about 2024 through the context of flow-through and top line growth. 
William Hornbuckle: Let me kick it off, Kenny, I'll turn it over to you. Some of it is simple activity case, to your point, I mean, we have done like all the operatives, a good job going after some of the -- and I'll use our concert that we just had is a great example of an expansion and overhead item, but to drive overall tourism with Bruno Mars, et cetera. So part of it's adhering to that. 
 Kenny, why don't you give some more color though. 
Xiaofeng Feng: Yes. Thanks for the question. Actually, as you can see, like Q4 was a record high in MGM China, basically. We are happy to see that our January performance has continued to grow. So actually, our January performance has exceeded even October levels across all segments, including EBITDA and market share. Currently, we are in the middle of Chinese New Year basically, which is about 8 days' celebration. As to the visitation to the city, it has reached about 90%, 95% of 2019 same-period levels. As to MGM China, 2 properties combined, the visitation, the players count, the table drop, the slot handle as well as the VIP turnover have all well exceeded 2019 same-period levels. So we are confident and we are optimistic with the Chinese New Year as well as the rest of this quarter. 
William Hornbuckle: And Kenny, I just might add, look, contras are growing as our high volume continues to increase because, again, that's on us versus a junket operative in the middle of that. And I'll remind everybody, on our margins in particular, we do not, I wish we did, but we do not have a large retail segment, which obviously, there's a massive amount of flow-through if you're making $100 million a year in rent, which I know some of our competitors are. The flow-through on that is a lot. We don't have that luxury. So it does impact some of our margins. 
Carlo Santarelli: Because you mentioned it, in terms of the contra revenues, it looks like they were 21%, 22% at each of the properties, respectively, in the period. Is that kind of a level that you expect maintains as long as business mix as it stands today maintains? 
Xiaofeng Feng: Yes, that's right. The reinvestment rate actually is pretty flat over the quarters for the past year. 
Operator: The next question is from David Katz with Jefferies. 
David Katz: I want to just go back to BetMGM. Obviously, there is a keen focus on product in 2024 as it's been in 2023. Should we still think about 2024 as more of an investment year for that entity and if 2025 is one where we can start to sort of realize some profits? If you could just talk through the puts and takes for what might cause that trajectory to change this year, next year, that would be helpful. 
William Hornbuckle: Sure, David. I'll take that. Look, I think the answer is yes, you're spot-on. This will be a reinvestment year. Obviously, you've seen we've lost share, literally, in both instances. And the two folks that sit above us were being outspent 2, 2.5 to 1 in terms of raw marketing spend in dollars. We want and need to get our product in a better and different shape. We want more parlays. Obviously, the acquisition of Angstrom by our partner will be a big add to that. We'll be able to stick out more product, we'll have more confidence in it, speed to market will be better, et cetera. And so that's part of what will be developed starting with baseball this year. 
 We hope by the time we hit football next year, a lot of the product differentiators hope to have will be in play. We hope to have a single wallet in play, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, this spring here. But ultimately, a development year this year, begin to see making some cash next year, and I'm suggesting that by 2026, we're going to have a very strong first year of -- this is where this business is going and should be. 
David Katz: And look, it'd be silly for me to ask, as my follow-up, will you or won't you, and so I'm not. But if you could just help us frame out the puts and takes around whether BetMGM could at some point or how it thinks about controlling that entity and being able to drive the trajectory of that product advancement that makes perfect sense, that would be helpful. So it's obviously a matter that's discussed pretty actively. 
William Hornbuckle: David, I would only echo what I said. Look, with Stella as the interim CEO, the focus on the team for product for BetMGM is the focus. I don't want to comment on any other further discussion with them at this point. I don't think it'd be prudent. 
Operator: The next question comes from Stephen Grambling with Morgan Stanley. 
Stephen Grambling: Just thinking about Vegas into 2024, do you generally think of this year as being more of a lodging and F&B year versus a gaming year? And in that context, how should we think about OpEx per day growth in Vegas specifically in the year? What are the major puts and takes to think through? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. Actually, I think that's probably a good way to characterize it. When we look at the drivers of growth this year, and we've talked about a few of them already, a lot of it relates to yielding, pricing, of course, growing demand through this new Marriott partnership and so on. 
William Hornbuckle: Conventions. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, and the conventions business. Thank you, Bill. So those are going to be the main drivers of top line growth. As it relates to OpEx, while, of course, we don't provide guidance for either the top line or the bottom line, we are looking at increases, the main increases associated with our new labor agreement here in Las Vegas with a culinary union. So that will be at least a year-over-year factor for the first half of the year, not really in the back half of the year, since we already incurred that in the last 6 months of the year. That will be the main issue for us. We'll be able to offset that in part through some work we're doing around productivity as well as improvement in cost of sales through leverage procurement activities. But I think kind of a low to mid-single-digit OpEx growth rate, I wouldn't be surprised if we incur that this year. 
Stephen Grambling: And then maybe one other follow-up just on the buyback, I guess, how do you think through the pace that we should be anticipating this year? And what's kind of the upper bound in terms of leverage that you should be thinking through? 
Jonathan Halkyard: The upper bound of leverage would be 4.5x lease-adjusted leverage, and we're a full turn below that right now. I think I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we retired 14% of our outstanding shares last year. It may have been our largest share repurchase year-to-date. I wouldn't anticipate continuing at that pace this year. But we're still active in the market. We still think that the shares are attractively valued. And we still have a fair amount of dry powder, just augmented with our revolving credit increase, to enable us to do that. So I would say it's likely going to be less than it was in 2023, but we're still being aggressive. 
Operator: The next question is from Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. 
Daniel Politzer: First, I wanted to drill in a little bit just in the fourth quarter in Las Vegas. I think your same-store revenues were up about 10%, margins down a couple of hundred basis points. I know there's a lot of moving pieces in there in accruals and maybe some cyber impact and hold, but hoping maybe you could just parse that out as it would be helpful for us to think about that 2024 OpEx guide you mentioned. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure. When we kind of parse it out, accounting for unusual items or things that we wouldn't expect to recur, we think that the margin in the fourth quarter in Las Vegas was maybe benefited by about 100 basis points. So that still puts us right in the mid-30s, which is where we've kind of expected the margins to be for some time. That's where we expect them to be for 2024. 
Daniel Politzer: Got it. That's helpful. And then I guess, more broadly on Las Vegas, as we think about kind of the remainder of the year, I think March, you have CON/AGG rolling off, March Madness, but you have group, as you mentioned, kind of pacing better. How should we think about kind of baking it all in, in terms of an expectation for growth, or any major tent-pole events to kind of call out for the remainder of the year that we should get excited about? 
William Hornbuckle: We've got just top line, off the top of my head, Madonna's coming, Springsteen's coming, The Stones are coming, to name three. We've got a great football kickoff with USC, LSU coming. To your point, obviously, March Madness is always a big deal around here. And then Formula 1 rolls back around again. We are going to miss the Pac-12 championship next year. No, we've got 1 more year, I take that back, so we won't miss that. And so we all must admit, 2023, and if you think about the recent stretch we've just been through, was an amazing year and an amazing stretch. So replicating that won't be easy. But having said that, we still have plenty of content and activity case that kind of fill the void and fill the dates. 
Corey Sanders: And from a city perspective, I think the Sphere has been a great addition. The T-Mobile will be programmed more than it was last year. So all in all, I think it's going to be a really strong year. As you think about March, it won't only be CON/AGG, we also have Easter ending in March. So that will have a slight impact in March on the convention business but will be picked up in April. 
Operator: The next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. 
Shaun Kelley: Maybe just sticking with Las Vegas for a moment, Bill, you called out a lot of great commentary and color around the high end, just wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on maybe those core properties kind of outside the high end. What are you seeing on the customer behavior side? What's going to take to drive some growth and improvement at some of those properties as you look out to 2024? 
William Hornbuckle: Well, I'll tell you one thing and Corey can pick this up. But the flow-through, or the spill-off, I should say, from the 100,000 more room nights principally at Mandalay for conference and convention business does flow into Luxor with setup crews, pieces and parts of these various groups, even in the Excalibur. So I think that's an opportunistic thing. Obviously, whether it's resort fees on through, we've gone through with a pricing exercise. We'll continue to do that to try to recapture, particularly the culinary increase, which we all know this year is going to be an extensive one. Then it falls off and basically flattens out for the balance of the 4.5 years. 
 So Corey, anything? 
Corey Sanders: Yes, the legacy properties, the growth is going to be a little bit limited there. It's a small percent of our Vegas revenue. As Bill mentioned, the convention mix, not just here but in town, in citywide, will help some overflow there. But it definitely won't have the same benefits that the luxury properties are and will see. 
Shaun Kelley: Great. And just as my follow-up, I think it was called out in the prepared remarks, but $1 billion earmarked across a variety of things, including international, digital, just help us think through what some of the criteria would be there. I mean, again, I know a lot of eyeballs are focused on something more transformative with your partner. But it sounds like this is more along the lines of what you've done with LeoVegas. So maybe just give us some parameters of what could check some boxes for you in terms of that opportunity looking out for this year or next? 
William Hornbuckle: Sure. We contemplated 4 key pillars to getting and setting up our own shop, if you will. And so we bought LeoVegas with that in mind. We've obviously now gone and bought Push Gaming, which is a content studio. By the way, their first game, MGM Millions, or MGM Money Millions, whatever it's called, #1 game on our network; #1, first game out, branded with MGM. We are on the heels of buying Sports Technology. We want to obviously be in our own sports betting business with our own technology. And over time, we have Kambi that we use for LeoVegas. 
 We are on the heels of a deal for Live Dealer where we've talked about and had a vision of broadcasting live games from Las Vegas to rest of world with some celebrities and entertainment tied to them, and we're on the heels of that. I'm heading down to South America next week or the week after to look at a large JV. Brazil is going to put Internet gaming in play for both casino and sports betting, and we plan to be there when that launches. 
 And so we're focused on building that business at its core into a real business. We've taken BetMGM U.K., as we've talked about. We've got well over 100,000 first-time depositors already in the 4.5 short months. And we're looking at another country already to do the same thing. And so we're going to grow the business. And if we ultimately acquire something else, time to tell, but for now staying focused on that is paramount to us. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brandt Montour with Barclays. 
Brandt Montour: So just first, I wanted to go back to Macau and ask Carlo's question in a little bit of a different way. If we just look at sort of OpEx, excluding gaming taxes, for the fourth quarter, that number did step up a little bit. And I'm just curious, if you look at that on maybe a per day basis versus '19 or however you look at that, is there onetime maybe events-related OpEx in that quarter? And what I'm really getting at is if you guys think we should be thinking about that sort of level as a run rate going forward. 
William Hornbuckle: Kenny, maybe you could speak to this more intelligently, but I can tell you broad stroke, remember, the requirement we have, we have to spend $1.1 billion in 10-year commitment in OpEx driving tourism, and there's about $900 million or so in actual capital expense. So we've got a little over $2 billion commitment to the government, of which the $1.1 billion is pure OpEx. And so a lot of the activity case in driving international tourism and driving tourism isn't necessarily tied to the usual marketing programs that we'd think about in gaming. 
Xiaofeng Feng: Okay. This is Kenny. As you know, like for the past year, with the new concession, we added another 200 tables. Of course, we added a little bit more FTEs. We have more daily table open hours. But in general, we are very, very tight regarding our OpEx control. You can see from our EBITDA margin, over the quarters of the last year, we are very stable, in the high 20s, along with our market share gains and the business growth. As Bill just commented, we do not have so much high-margin retail rental EBITDA, but our gaming EBITDA margin is really way up there in this marketplace. I can see for the next for these next couple of quarters, we should be quite stable with our margins. 
Brandt Montour: Okay. That's perfect. And then circling back on digital and BetMGM specifically, I was wondering, Bill, if you want to comment at all on the sort of newly announced partnership with X, what you can say about how that deal came together, the structure of the deal, and anything from an economic standpoint that you can share and then what you expect the impact to be over time. 
William Hornbuckle: Look, it's interesting. It just started, as you know. So we have high hopes for it. We had literally 100 million people, when they flipped on X yesterday, day before, are going to be exposed to that offering and that opportunity. That team is probably much better positioned to give you some input on what they think the outcome is going to be. I can remember from the various presentations that if you captured about 0.1% of those folks, it was a significant uptick to the company, and it's efficient. The way we've structured this deal compared to other even general bonusing, it's an extremely efficient deal for us. So we'll see. Our customers live there. But everyone was on X, I guess, but we particularly think the demographic fits well for what we do. 
Operator: The next question is from Chad Beynon with Macquarie. 
Chad Beynon: I wanted to ask about the regional properties. I guess, more so in the current quarter, we've seen a number of public releases out there for January showing that there's been some pretty significant declines. And it sounds like most of that is kind of chalked up to bad weather, and we've heard that from a lot of companies. So a, maybe if you're willing to kind of touch on that given that many of your properties are in these areas that may have inclement weather in January. And then more importantly, is that core customer in the regional markets stable? Are we seeing any trends kind of rolling off in terms of that low end? Or does it still feel as good as you kind of look out to '24? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. I would say that certain of our properties were affected by the weather. Springfield comes to mind as one. Empire is another. But we also saw some pockets of strength in January as well. I would say both because of weather effects as well as the calendar a bit coming off of New Year's, January saw some of those impacts in our regional markets. 
Corey Sanders: Players are pretty stable from all age groups and all spend. During COVID, we actually eliminated a lot of that low end play. So in general, what we're seeing in February, we're pretty positive on. And we feel pretty comfortable that what you saw in January was a weather-related component of the business. 
Chad Beynon: Okay. Great. Appreciate that near-term color. And then with respect to New York, is there any update in terms of the time line as we get through '24, anything to speak to us about? 
William Hornbuckle: Yes, this is Bill. No, I wish there was. I know they're going through some of these zoning things by all of the boroughs. I think, ultimately, we're going to wait and see what happens. I suspect they're going to wait and see what happens there. It may make a decision for them. And then in fact, they'll come back to us with the round 2 questions, and then that gives our 90-day clock going. But we're hopeful, by the middle of this year, we get something submitted and that by the end of '24, something is awarded. But we don't know anymore, unfortunately. 
Operator: The next question is from Barry Jonas with Truist Securities. 
Barry Jonas: As you think about the potential for A's baseball stadium, how does that influence your thinking about incremental CapEx for your adjacent properties over the next few years? 
William Hornbuckle: Very interesting question. We've been thinking about that, talking about it. For us, obviously, the place to invest capital, first and foremost, if in fact that all happens, is MGM. I mean it's our brand. It's our name's sake. It's on the corner of Las Vegas Boulevard drop. It would literally be adjacent to the stadium, and it needs some love. It's a 30-year-old property. We're going to reinvest in the rooms this year. We've got some new show concepts. We've done a few restaurants. But the front end of the property, as you get closer to Las Vegas Boulevard, needs some attention and some reprogramming. We're waiting to see where that lands. I have to believe, in the next 30 to 60 days, we should find out more. I've been shown three versions of it now in terms of where it will actually sit on the site and how it will connect. Once it settles in, we'll get serious about what we might want to do and how we might want to communicate with it, if you will, in terms of pedestrian traffic, et cetera. But that's how to think about where we might go first is really MGM and see how it all plays out. 
Barry Jonas: Okay. Great. And then just as a follow-up, you talked a bit about U.A.E., but maybe can you get into what the next steps are for gaming legalization there? And maybe also elaborate on how you could potentially participate in Abu Dhabi. 
William Hornbuckle: As I think we suggested last year, we spent some time on the ground there, specifically in Abu Dhabi, trying to understand the license in general for U.A.E., but ultimately, the opportunity in Abu Dhabi. We believe it would be on the Yas Island. That opportunity still exists. To the extent there is a submission to be had, we may participate in that. Obviously, we have Dubai. We have our project there, which is an amazing project. It's going to be over a $2.5 billion project without a casino in it. And so if and when both Abu Dhabi itself as the general license granter for all or any of the Emirates goes, and then ultimately, one by one, the Emirates say they would like it, we hope to be positioned either for Dubai or Abu Dhabi, but time to tell. And it may start with digital first, a lottery, potentially digital. 
Operator: The next question is from Robin Farley with UBS. 
Robin Farley: I just have two pretty quick ones. One is just if you could clarify, in the regional for Q4, I think it was $60 million, how much of that was just the strike, if we were trying to think about just the kind of nonrecurring piece of that $60 million decline? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. The $60 million, roughly half is related to the strike and the other half to the National Harbor. 
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. And I don't know if you said for Marriott, and I know it's only been a couple of weeks, but did you give any metrics about what percent of room nights or kind of the dollar premium on rooms sold through Marriott, any color like that you could give? 
Jonathan Halkyard: We did give some expectations, I believe it was second quarter earnings call in August of last year, Robin. And although our implementation was delayed from October to a few weeks ago to January, our estimation of what the arrangement can bring us has not changed. So I'd just refer you back to those measures that we gave in August. 
Robin Farley: Does that mean that it's kind of too early to know what the last 3 weeks? In other words, like at the moment, no change in your expectations? Or are you seeing enough to say that it's delivering those numbers? 
Jonathan Halkyard: The answer is yes. It's early days. But as I think Bill noted in his opening remarks, we're very encouraged by what we're seeing in the first few weeks. 
Operator: The next question is from John DeCree with CBRE. 
John DeCree: Maybe a high-level question, to get your view on the consumer, so we talked a lot about the performance at your high-end properties in Las Vegas. I'm curious if you see similar trends or consumer trends at your regional properties, is it the high end and high tiers of the database that are driving performance there as well? Or might the business mix be a little bit more balanced? And realizing regionals have the same event draw that Vegas does, but curious if you have kind of a view on the segments of the database from a consumer perspective? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. It's Jonathan. I'll offer a couple of comments. The answer is yes, but really for different reasons. In the regional markets, I think, as Corey mentioned, we've really directed our marketing efforts, and to a certain extent, the property amenities themselves, to higher-worth guests. We've reduced our marketing investments and promotional investments on the lower end. And that really started in the aftermath of the pandemic, and it's carried forward. So the fact is that the increases that we've seen in those regional properties are really predominantly from the higher average daily worth customers. 
 But I say it's the same effect for different reasons because in Las Vegas, what has been really driving this has been our special events, our focus on these customers through our branch offices and our own marketing efforts. And obviously, the citywide events that are going on have skewed more toward that high-end luxury growth as well as our capital investment in our luxury properties, so same effect for different reasons. 
John DeCree: I appreciate that color. And then maybe quickly on the growth CapEx plan this year. I think you listed a couple of the projects that go into that bucket, and you guys have this dialed in pretty tight by now. But is there anything that we should think about in terms of disruption? Are any of those projects large enough or the timing of such that we might want to think about any disruption at the assets? 
Jonathan Halkyard: I would say no. I've been at MGM for 3 years, and I've been amazed at our operator's ability to manage through disruption and room renovations as well as on the casino floor, but mainly in the room renovations. If you think what we've done just in the last year or so with New York-New York, the spa tower, The Water Club, the Borgata, et cetera. This year, we have, the ones I mentioned, Chelsea suites, we're starting in the MGM Grand and so on, and also in the Bellagio Main Tower suite. So no, I would not advise you to really incorporate any disruption from those investments. 
Operator: The next question is from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. 
Steven Wieczynski: So real quickly, just two quick questions for me, but when we think about margins in the regional markets, look, I understand there was a material impact in the fourth quarter from the strikes and the customer at National Harbor, but Jonathan, maybe just how are you guys thinking about the way margins could look for this year? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. There were a lot of things going on this quarter. I would say that we can do 30% margins in the regions. We do have a number of tools at our disposal, but we're also facing some labor cost increases there. But when we do the forensics on the fourth quarter and look ahead to this year, we believe that, that's achievable. 
Corey Sanders: And in the regionals, especially fourth quarter because of weather and it's a little slower, you'll have a little bit lower margin in the fourth quarter, but 30% for the year is attainable. 
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Great. And then Bill and Jonathan, you've given us a lot of color around the gives and takes for this year in Vegas. So without getting too much into guidance, I'm going to try to ask this question and see if I'll get an answer out of you, but I guess the simple question is, do you think it's actually possible to grow full year EBITDA this year? Are the overall comparisons, the hold comparison, is just going to be too tough to overcome? 
William Hornbuckle: No. Look, I think the answer is yes. I think we've budgeted to that. We've convinced our Board of that. We're incentivized to do that. And I think the answer is yes. Obviously, '23 was an amazing year. We've got some headwinds with particularly labor costs. But there's enough programming out there, enough momentum that, in macro, we think we surpass. And so it's not going to be like double-digit, I can assure you, but I think we surpass. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Bill Hornbuckle for any closing remarks. 
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, operator. Thank you all for joining us today. Just a couple of thoughts. I mentioned this word earlier, again, resiliency, our troops have demonstrated, so I again want to thank them. '23 was an incredible year. We had an all-time EBITDA year, 7 of our properties continue to break records, and so we're anxious for the future. Macau is well positioned. We've ended up in a great space in digital, and we're in the game for real for the long haul, and so you'll see us continue to do that. And we launched our own digital brand and business in rest of world, and so excited by it, excited by the balance sheet and the development opportunities. Remember in '23, Japan came our way, which is one and only and a very unique thing for the company in the long term. And so we're excited by that and potentially the opportunity that New York may bring. So '23 was a great year. We hope to replicate it and then some in '24. And we thank you for your time. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Jonathan Halkyard, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Hubert Wang, President and Chief Operating Officer of MGM China; and Andrew Chapman, Director of Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded.  
 Now I would like to turn the call over to Andrew Chapman. Please go ahead. 
Andrew Chapman: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. This call is being broadcast live on the internet at investors.mgmresorts.com. We've also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC.
 On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise.  
 During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures when talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation of GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation, which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. 
 I will now turn it over to Bill Hornbuckle. 
William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Andrew, and thank you all for joining us today. In the third quarter we had a fantastic results, as evidenced by our record consolidated net revenues. And despite the disruption across our portfolio, we achieved record same-store ADRs in Las Vegas as well as a record third quarter regional net revenues on a same-store basis.
 To say the least, we're off to a strong start prior to the cybersecurity issue. And to briefly summarize, on September 12, we disclosed that we identified a cybersecurity issue affecting certain of our U.S. systems. As a precautionary measure, we proactively shut down certain systems to mitigate risk to customer information, which resulted in disruption at some of our properties. Over the following weeks we systematically restored and enhanced these systems and were fully operational by the end of the month of September. 
 Following the issues, we have seen incredible resiliency in our business to start the fourth quarter. Going forward, we do not anticipate any further operational disruptions from the incident and it's expected that insurance will cover the losses incurred. We expect to receive insurance reimbursements in the upcoming quarters, and Jonathan will provide more detailed information on the quarterly financial impacts in his remarks.  
 I want to express my deep appreciation once again to our employees for the response during a challenging few weeks. They showed resilience and professionalism, but more importantly a commitment to our culture of taking care of our guests and each other. We've been humbled by the feedback from many of our guests who took the time to call out the exceptional service they received. We're coming out of this stronger as a team and as a culture, with a focus on the culture of yes from both our guests and employees.
 One last thing on the employees. We continue to negotiate in good faith with the unions in both Las Vegas and Detroit with the goal of reaching agreement on new record contracts that work for everyone.  
 In Las Vegas, as you know, Caesars Entertainment came to a new tentative collective bargain agreement this morning, and we are literally in session as we speak, and I believe we'll come to a deal today. We know from listening to our employees that they are looking for a pay increase that combats inflation as well as reduces workloads, among other concerns. This deal, when announced, we'll do just that and will result in the largest pay increase in the history of our negotiations with the culinary union.  
 As we shift our remarks to the fourth quarter, we anticipate the arrival of the Las Vegas inaugural Formula 1 race next week. We are well prepared to welcome our guests for that -- what promises to be an exciting and enduring tentpole event. We sold out our Bellagio Fountain Club and grandstand seats. Cash [ remits ] are several multiples ahead of the same week in prior years, and the casino front money deposits indicate Formula One will be an all-time record casino event.
 As we look into 2024, we see strength in future bookings rate and group pace into the first half of the year, and we're encouraged by a number of tailwinds, including the launch of Marriott's direct bookings in the first quarter; a fully renovated Mandalay Bay Convention Center, which will return 100,000 primary midweek room nights lost in 2023; international baccarat play further coming back; opportunities to enhance our omnichannel marketing offerings to BetMGM and MGM Rewards customers; improving cross-play between regionals and Las Vegas; exceptional high Super Bowl demand; as well as a strong event calendar for the balance of the year, including the return of Formula 1 in the fall of '24. And plus, the recent completion of the bridge connecting the Cosmopolitan to City Center and Bellagio. We've been diligently also working on deploying capital in meaningful ways of our existing resorts with numerous hotel, restaurant and entertainment refreshes.  
 Beyond these domestic operating tailwinds, we are underway in Japan, we believe we are well positioned to be awarded a commercial gaming license in New York, and BetMGM is now on a positive path. And more of those in just a moment.
 Turning to our regional operations. Top line trends were solid. In fact, as mentioned previously, we had a record third quarter same-store regional net revenues despite the disruption. Margins were expected in the low 30s. In the Macau market, it is clearly evident that business is booming. In fact, it was a third quarter net revenue adjusted property EBITDAR record and surpassed 2019 in adjusted property EBITDAR, mass GGR and visitation. Then to kick off the fourth quarter, we had an amazing Golden Week that led to a market share for October of over 15% and an all-time record adjusted property EBITDAR for the month.  
 Results have been outstanding because of the ingenuity and execution of the team at the MGM China. Looking forward, we are still laser-focused on 3 key priorities: making opportunistic changes to our casino floor and existing room products to maximize yield, taking care of our mass and premium mass customers and driving international tourism. At MGM Cotai, we wi start remodeling of our Platinum area for completion early next year. And at the MGM Macau, we have begun planning for a villa upgrade and the addition of 6 new villas. 
 BetMGM in the U.S. is now live in 28 markets. The team is making great progress with the integration of Angstrom into our sports products, adding a myriad of betting options not offered before, and single account, single wallet has launched in all the states but Nevada. The BetMGM team will provide a comprehensive business update next month on their progress.
 Specific to our international digital efforts, in September MGM Resorts and LeoVegas launched a multimedia marketing supporting the BetMGM brand in the U.K., with Chris Rock leading the campaign. U.K. market is ideal for an initial launch due to its size and the brand recognition of MGM with U.K. customers. Initial KPIs are very encouraging, with the first time deposits much higher than expected. We will leverage our recent acquisition of Push Gaming to bring innovative games to the U.K. and ultimately to BetMGM. We will also look for Push to extend into further international markets through existing B2B relationships.
 On the development front, we signed our implementation agreement with the City of Osaka in September, and this is effectively our green light to begin the project. The total project cost of JPY 1.27 trillion, of which MGM's expected equity contributions of approximately JPY 300 billion, which at current spot is roughly $2 billion, costs have inflated through the course of the progress -- process, we have kept the budget unchanged by reducing minor scope around certain areas that will not impact the project returns and by locking in very attractive foreign exchange rates.
 We look forward to breaking ground in Osaka for it will be Japan's first ever integrated resort. In New York, we have submitted our second round RFA questions to the Gaming Commission and we're prepared to submit our application within 30 days of the date at which the Gaming Commission answers those questions. We believe our existing facility, brand recognition and strong ties with the Yonkers community make us a great contender for 1 of those 3 available licenses.  
 In Dubai, our partner Wasl is under construction on a luxury development, including 1,400 hotel rooms with the MGM Grand, Bellagio and Aria brands. We currently have a hospitality management deal requiring no capital from us. That said, we do significantly -- we do see a significant opportunity if gaming were to be legalized, first in the UAE and ultimately in Dubai. We believe [ we ] have the best gaming hospitality brands in the world with the best location in Dubai, and our existing project could include a world-class gaming component if approved. And finally, we expect the launch of our strategic relationship with Marriott to begin in early 2024 when we will begin to start taking reservations.  
 We have launched the official landing page, and we'll soon announce the exciting loyalty benefits we plan to offer to both MGM Rewards and Marriott Bonvoy members and its 180 million members.
 In closing, the stability of our domestic business and the focus on margins will be supplemented by BetMGM's approaching profitability as well as by outsized earnings opportunities in Macau as the business continues to ramp further.
 We also have long-term drivers with our developments in Japan and New York and our international digital strategy with LeoVegas. When you connect each of these prospects for cash flow generation together, add to it a fortress balance sheet with more cash than debt when excluding MGM China, and then considering the fact that we have reduced our current share count by approximately 31% in less than 3 years and our Board recently approved an additional $2 billion share buyback authorization, we are confident that the company is tremendously positioned to grow its free cash flow going forward.
 With that, and before I lose my voice completely, I will turn this over to Jonathan for more details on the quarter. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks, Bill. Before I get into the financial results, I too would like to commend the selfless efforts of all of our employees during our recent cyber security issue. I personally witnessed so many people on our teams go above and beyond to support their colleagues and take care of our customers. As you likely saw in the 8-K, we highlighted an estimated adjusted property EBITDAR impact from the cybersecurity event of approximately $100 million in September.
 Most of this impact was from a loss in revenue from room cancellations in Las Vegas and our service recovery efforts. We expect the Q4 impact to be limited, with some hotel bookings lost in the first part of October and a brief disruption to the direct mail cadence in our calendar, which affects the regionals more meaningfully than Las Vegas. We remain confident that the losses will be covered by our cyber insurance.  
 Now turning to the results for the quarter. Our consolidated businesses generated net revenues of $4 billion, up 16% from last year; net income of $161 million; and adjusted EBITDAR of $1.1 billion, with significant contribution from MGM China.
 During the quarter, net cash from operating activities was $694 million and free cash flow was $484 million. It's important to note that $197 million in cash flow from operating activities and $8 million in capital expenditures related to MGM China and were included in the quarter.  
 In Las Vegas, net revenues of $2.1 billion were down $195 million or 8% compared to the prior year. Adjusted property EBITDAR was down 16% to $714 million. Same-store net revenues, which excludes Mirage from last year, were down 2% and same-store adjusted property EBITDAR was down 11%. Las Vegas adjusted property EBITDAR margins were 34%, and we estimate about 200 basis points of margin impact in Las Vegas was related to the cybersecurity issue.
 At the start of the third quarter, trends were solid in Las Vegas. July and August combined net revenues on a same-store basis were essentially flat versus 2022. Occupancy for the first 2 months was up 100 basis points year-over-year and then fell to 88% in September, down 6 percentage points year-over-year. That being said, we drove a sharp recovery in October with occupancy back up to 95% in Las Vegas.
 Importantly, while we're still working to negotiate a new collective bargaining agreement with the culinary union, we have been accruing for an increase since June 1. We will not provide the full details of that accrual at this time given that we're still in active negotiations, and we'll look to technology and process improvements to help offset the incremental labor costs we expect.
 Turning to the regions. In September, the cybersecurity event also affected the regional properties. Prior to this incident, July and August had a strong start to the third quarter with a 2% increase in same-store net revenues versus last year. Full third quarter revenues of $925 million, though, were down 5% compared to the prior year, and adjusted property EBITDAR was down 9% to $293 million. Same-store revenues, which exclude Gold Strike, were up 1% and  same-store adjusted property EBITDAR was down just 2% or $6 million even with the impact of the cyber incident. 
 In Macau, our adjusted property EBITDAR of $226 million was a 23% increase compared to the third quarter of 2019. We achieved 28% margins, helped somewhat by a benefit of $18 million from hold in the quarter. Casino revenues exceeded third quarter 2019 levels, primarily driven by our main floor win. And discounts and incentives as a percentage of gross win were 600 basis points lower compared to 2019, mainly due to the shift from VIP to mass.
 BetMGM is well on pace to achieve its forecast of $1.8 billion to $2.0 billion in net revenues from operations for the year. Our 50% share of BetMGM's operating income in the third quarter was $13 million, marking our first quarter of profitability at BetMGM. We now anticipate fourth quarter corporate expense to be roughly $115 million, bringing full year corporate expense less share-based compensation to approximately $450 million.
 This upward adjustment relates to incentive fees in Japan related to the signing of the implementation agreement, IT and cybersecurity issue related expenses, as well as costs related to the integration of the Cosmopolitan.
 On the development front, in Japan, we expect to commit approximately $2 billion over the next 5 years. Our New York expansion, if approved, will be an all-in project estimated also at $2 billion, of which $1.5 billion will be invested on improvements and $500 million expected for the license fee. We plan to fully fund these projects through free cash flow generated by our operations.
 I'll conclude with an overview of our free cash flow per share growth algorithm, and it's pretty straightforward. First, we're committed to growing EBITDAR by improving our core operational performance, deploying growth capital and high-return projects and by focusing on margins. We create operating leverage by growing our EBITDAR more than our fixed 2% rent escalators.
 Second, we'll continue to buy back our shares, as evidenced by the new $2 billion share repurchase program authorized by our Board. In addition to returning share -- or cash to our shareholders, these repurchases turbocharge our free cash flow per share growth. And there is more free cash flow growth on the horizon, as we're making significant progress with BetMGM and we have those 2 exciting growth projects in the pipeline. 
 With that, Bill, back to you. 
William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. And just some open comments before we talk questions.
 I'm reminded about the resiliency of this market and our company and our employees. Candidly, this quarter we went to hell and back with what we all went through with cyber attack. And I'm proud of what we've accomplished, put ourselves back on track. 
 But more importantly, I think, as an indicator of this market, fundamentals have changed. We've gone from a month ago in distress to getting ready for the biggest event, on one of the second worst weekends this city has ever seen in its ongoing history of occupancy to the biggest event we've ever seen with Formula 1. And so fundamentally, this marketplace has changed. Macau continues to do exceptionally well. Very proud of that team. 
 You've seen the market share that it has gained and it will keep. And given that we ultimately have about 3% of the suite product, I think we're kicking on all cylinders there and doing the right things, and we're going to look to correct that. If I think about the future, I think about development in Japan in the long haul, hopefully, New York in the midterm, and next year, I think about the ability to unleash 180 million Bonvoy members in Marriott, I get very excited.
 And then ultimately, the balance sheet. I think we've been very good fiduciaries. I think the company, Jonathan of note, has done a great job managing it. And we find ourselves in a great position to think about the future and things to do and invest in. 
 And with that, operator, I will open this up for questions. So thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. 
Joseph Greff: Congratulations on the results. Maybe this is a question for Corey, but for anybody who wants to take it. I kind of think the Mandalay Bay Convention Center coming back is underappreciated as a driver for growth for next year. Can you talk about the group mix for next year and where you think you'll end up for the group mix for this year in Las Vegas? 
Corey Sanders: Yes, Joe, this is Corey. We also think it is a big deal. The convention space will be fully renovated by the second quarter of next year. We expect to pick up about 100,000 extra rooms there next year with still opportunities to increase it. And the beauty of that is that's at a high single-digit ADR increase compared to where we are today. So I think, all in all, strategically, as that building goes, it fills the South Strip, which fills Excalibur and Luxor, which is to the benefit of us as a company. 
Joseph Greff: Great. And then I think I might know how you're going to answer this one, Bill, regarding F1. Last night, the Red Rock guys thought that certain casino operator internal expectations for F1 had come down more recently. Can you talk about what you're expecting for F1, if any internal expectations, at least directionally, have been ratcheted down? And I know Caesars in the past had said they thought in isolation F1 would be an incremental 5% of quarterly EBITDAR, if you kind of want to take a stab at maybe where you think the contribution could end up being for F1 for you guys in Las Vegas? And that's all for me. 
William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Joe. I appreciate the question, because if someone wasn't going to ask it, I was going to answer it anyways. We sold over 10,000 tickets to F1. We've sold out a really cool experience with the Bellagio Fountain Club. I think something extremely unique anywhere in the whole sport, but particularly given its location. Our average rate is over $900 for the company. We're going to do over $60 million in incremental hotel revenue for the weekend. And it is 50% above, 50% above any other event we've had in terms of theoretical win.  
 Now we all know what could happen to theoretical, knock on wood. But there's been nothing quite like it, and to have it placed in the weekend that it is, we think, going to be an incredible opportunity for the company and ultimately for the city long term. It has not been without its challenges. Believe me, I'm a local, I get the traffic. I understand it. I understand what our employees are going through.
 But I think long term, it's going to be a big winner. We will figure it all out. There's been a great deal of money invested, not only by the properties but ultimately by Liberty and F1. And I think it's going to be an exciting week. We'll look back on and say, yes, we're going to learn some things, but ultimately something to be cherished for a long time here. 
Corey Sanders: Joe, what I would add is this is truly a luxury event, and our properties are completely geared up for that. They're in the right location, we have the right database to make this a premium event for our company. 
Operator: The next question is from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. 
Carlo Santarelli: Bill, you talked a lot about kind of the outlook for next year and obviously a lot of favorable drivers. As you look at the business today, and kind of looking at the nonevent times, how do those -- and I get it, in the quarter, obviously, a lot of disruption from the cyber stuff and whatnot, but how do those periods look relative to, say, last year? 
William Hornbuckle: Look, and you know how this works, Carlo, better than most. We have a short window in terms of FIT, but we do know events. And so when I think about the Super Bowl, I think about Formula 1 coming back, I think about the fact that we have an NFL team in town that's going to guarantee us at least 8 games, et cetera, it is fundamentally a foundation for business going forward that we haven't had. And back to Corey's further -- or prior question around convention, it continues to grow. We continue to get back to the market mix that we were, about 18%, 19% of our base in convention, which is obviously the premium rate.  
 And so we're excited by all of that. We, through COVID, learned a lot. I think you know this, but generally our casino market share is up, our market mix about 10%. And so we can lean into that, we continue to lean into that heavily. And I do believe Marriott at scale will make a difference. And so while early to tell, the pressures that are on us, whether they be wage or for insurance or other premiums are real, but I feel every bit of confidence that we can overcome that, particularly here in Las Vegas, and push forward with the kind of results I hope you all expect. 
Carlo Santarelli: That's super helpful. And then just if I could follow up. Obviously, Las Vegas table hold, which we saw in the Nevada filings throughout the quarter, was very high for the industry on the baccarat side. You guys held well -- so kind of a 2-part question. Any help quantifying the EBITDA impact in the period from the higher hold?
 And the second part is, is there something that's changed, outside of game math, which was a long time ago, that's kind of driving what seems to be consistently higher holds for you guys going forward? And is there any thought in kind of reevaluating where those theoretical numbers should be? 
William Hornbuckle: Well, I'll take the second one first and turn it over to either Jonathan or Corey on the broader one, although I don't want to give because we won or because we lost. But having said that, look, we have more domestic baccarat business than we've ever had. There are 3 now prop bets, basically, in every baccarat game that people are taking advantage of because they're fun and exciting. But no surprise out there, they're to the house advantage. A couple of the bets are 10% bets on behalf of the house.
 And so a little shift in play, definite shift in market in terms of international versus domestic. I think some of that balances itself out. And the other thing we've seen is there's a quantum of very, very high-end customers who really swing this number more than I've seen historically, versus a balance of customers all the way through mid-tier and all the way up to the very high end. And so I think you're seeing some of that volatility as well, obviously, this quarter in our favor. 
Jonathan Halkyard: And as it relates, Carlo, to the financial impact of these swings, we've at least domestically tried to get out of the business of giving the puts and takes related to hold. We did, as you noted in my prepared remarks, around Macau, but in the domestic business, we're not going to get into that detail. 
Operator: Next question is from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. 
Shaun Kelley: I just want to dig into the sort of the domestic margins a little bit more if it was possible. Obviously, a lot going on between hold, which we just talked about, the impact on cyber and everything else, but I think if we try and adjust for some of these, including the union approval, it looks to us like the margin performance was very good, if we kind of stripped this out, both in regional and in Vegas, when we just look at it versus what happened last quarter.
 And I was kind of wondering, does that directionally fit with what you're seeing? And were there any either operating expense improvements or things you were able to kind of do or isolate that helped offset some of the just broad inflationary pressure that we hear about out there across the business? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Shaun, it's Jonathan. We agree. We think, both in the Las Vegas market and in the regional markets when adjusting for the impact of the cyber incident, whether you look at it year-over-year or sequentially from the second quarter to the third quarter, that our margins were flat to up in those comparisons.
 The impact in Las Vegas on margins was about 200 basis points. There was some impact from the accrual in the third quarter that I mentioned related to anticipated increases in labor costs. So when correcting for those, the margin, I thought the margin performance year-over-year and sequentially was pretty good.
 The regions, the margin impact from the cybersecurity incident was less severe, it's less than 100 basis points, for a number of reasons. But even with that modest adjustment, you can see that our margins in the low 30s compared pretty well both sequentially and year-over-year despite some continued labor cost increases in the regions and actually some more labor content in that business. 
Shaun Kelley: Great. As my follow-up, just quickly, if I could. We've heard more and more about just promotional levels picking up a bit in Macau. And I was wondering if yourselves are -- I don't know if Hubert's on the line or somebody could comment a little bit more on just what you're seeing over there?
 It seems like based on the share number you disclosed for October and what you talked about, Bill, in the prepared remarks, you guys are doing really well there. But just if you'd talk about that competitive climate a little bit and maybe the margin structure around the really highest-end part of premium mass, that would be helpful. 
William Hornbuckle: Hubert, since we have you up, why don't we kick it to you. 
Zhi Qi Wang: Sure. Thank you, Bill. Yes. Shaun, I think for the most part, the marketing programs, promotion programs in the market remain pretty rational. We haven't seen irrational behavior among all the operators. And in terms of our own reinvestment, it stays pretty stable quarter after quarter even at the premium mass level. So that's what I see in general. There are a lot of concerts and events that draw a lot of people into the town. And I think that from that perspective it's incremental to the GGR, not only to the market but also to us as well. So I leave it at that. 
Operator: The next question is from David Katz with Jefferies. 
David Katz: I wanted to just talk about updated thoughts on leverage on a lease adjusted basis and how you think about that in the context of returning capital. We just have many discussions with management teams about where they'd like to be, whether it's 3 to 4, 4-plus, in most cases lower -- some cases lower than that. And I would just love your perspective. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure. It's Jonathan. And I appreciate the question. It's something we think about a great deal. Right now on a lease-adjusted basis, suggesting the lease payments by a multiple of 8x, our leverage is about 3.5x. It's a full turn below what we've talked about as our leverage cap.
 So a full turn on EBITDAR for us is over $4 billion. We have zero net debt right now. We've been aggressive repurchasers of shares. I will say that at these levels of trading in our shares and the value that we think is in there, we would certainly consider taking on some additional financial leverage in order to enable further share repurchases.
 Now we have to be mindful, of course, of some of the investments that we have coming up in '24, including in Japan, potentially in New York, depending upon timing. But we feel very comfortable with the leverage levels that we are at and going to that higher level. And one more reason is just because of, we think, the increased diversification of our cash flows and the resiliency of the revenues that we've seen here. 
David Katz: Understood. And if I can, just as my follow-up, we also have a number of discussions with management teams around how they're thinking about dividends among your peers, and how they should be sized and their importance and relevance. And I'd love your thoughts there, too. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. We've made -- and our Board has made the determination that at least for the time being, and I think probably into 2024, that returning cash to our shareholders through share repurchases is going to be the predominant method of doing that. And that's the best way for us to do it right now as opposed to the dividends. So I don't expect to see our dividend policy changing in the next -- certainly in the next 12 months. But the Board will ultimately [ decide ]. 
Operator: The next question is from Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. 
Daniel Politzer: First, just following the cybersecurity incident in the quarter, any updated way to think about investments in your IT infrastructure or OpEx related to this as we think about next year?
 And then just as a follow-up along with that cost structure, I mean, other than the labor uptick, are there any other costs that we should be thinking about that you guys plan to offset for next year, whether it's property insurance or anything else that we should be aware of? 
William Hornbuckle: Dan, let me kick it off. As it relates to the -- obviously, we've done a whole lot to lock down systems now. But we're going to look at architecture and how we're designed and how we go forward. And so we're probably looking at some time into next year a $30 million or $40 million capitalization in terms of IT hardware and Cap that goes into it.
 In terms of OpEx, while there are things to do, I don't know that they're overly meaningful. A lot of that will get captured by CapEx, but -- is that $20 million? $10 million to $20 million range in terms of operating. The capital we'll find in the general fund, we generally go around $800 million a year to keep this place fresh, and we've got a couple of big remodels next year. So that's not expected to change that greatly.
 Obviously, the wage increase that is being talked about now with the culinary, ultimately, I think you all know we're in strike in Detroit, which is a similar program and similar request, I might add, in terms of the percentage, will be in play. Insurance will be in play. Those are probably the 2 biggest things in terms of a percentage. But even the insurance, cyber and otherwise, while it has continued to go up -- and this is a staggering thing for you to understand -- since '19, regional insurance -- Las Vegas insurance has gone up twofold, and since '19, it's gone up fourfold since in our regional casinos.  
 So it's something we watch closely. But the overall number and the scale of what we're talking about is still pretty de minimis, and we think we can overcome it, particularly here in Las Vegas. 
Daniel Politzer: Got it. That's helpful. And then -- just turning bigger picture and longer term, I guess, as you think about Dubai, I mean do you see a realistic path to getting gaming legalized there?
 And then along with that, if there's any way to -- you obviously have the rendering in the back of the deck, but any way to think about timing, CapEx, ownership structure or path to full ownership, just high level, would be helpful. 
William Hornbuckle: Yes. I mean, look, we think so. Obviously, we've got boots on the ground. I think you all understand our former CEO is now chair of the gaming commission there, which is very real. And so they've taken a swag at it. You all know what Wynn is doing. We like Dubai for all the obvious reasons. There's 20-odd million visitors, they've got 140,000 hotel rooms. That sounds familiar. The current structure we have is hospitality management only. To the extent we actually get into casino, it's obviously we're not a management company for a casino.
 We will look to invest equity, or we will lease the casino. We just don't know. It depends on what a partner and potentially our existing partner wants to do, but know that we literally have somebody on the ground today in discussion. And so it's very front and center with us. It's something we'd like to participate in. We think it could be very meaningful for the company and, frankly, the industry, and so we're there at scale. 
Operator: The next question is from Robin Farley with UBS. 
Robin Farley: I had a question about, if I'm understanding the slides correctly, you talked about the decline in Vegas and you said $80 million was due to the cyber issue. And I guess total EBITDA was down $91 million and maybe would have been more without some hold. I know it's -- you won't quantify it, but if we -- so if we're thinking about that other $10 million, is that -- is there anything else you would call out, because it looks like, I guess, same-store EBITDA would have been down a little bit even without the cyber issue. So just anything else you'd call out there? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Not in particular, only just differences year-over-year that occur. Sometimes it's in gaming results, sometimes it's in other cost elements, but other than the things that we called out, nothing in particular that we would... 
William Hornbuckle: Programming. And I think obviously 2022, particularly third quarter, was an all-time quarter. And so just as an equal comparative, you've got to keep that in perspective. 
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Helpful. And then just as a follow-up, looking at the level of repurchase. I know -- I think at times during the third quarter, you talked about sort of potentially looking at different international iGaming opportunities. And should we conclude, given the amount of repurchase, if you continue with this rate, you will have kind of used up -- maybe, I think you even call it excess liquidity or something in your slides -- that that will be down to just a couple of hundred million by the end of the year if you kind of maintain the same rate of repurchase that we saw here. Should we think about that as a sign that you're less interested in making an acquisition in iGaming internationally? 
William Hornbuckle: Well, look, if you're referencing Entain, which I think you are, our position has not changed. If we think about iGaming and the platform, obviously we've gotten aggressive in U.K. and we're excited by what that opportunity brings. Obviously, it's a highly developed market, but we've taken some share. We've got a meaningful brand, and it's good to see our LeoVegas team go up against I think some of the best and see how they can do.
 We look to take that to other places. We're looking at Brazil closely. We're looking at other European countries closely. We -- obviously, with the advent -- or the purchase of Push Gaming, we're in the content business now, both for ourselves, hopefully for BetMGM, and for other customers that they had when we acquired them. And so we'll continue to look to expand internationally. Gary Fritz is leading that effort, mostly through our LeoVegas enterprise, and we'll see where it all goes. 
Robin Farley: And I thought that you might -- last week Entain said something about how they expect to invest more in the joint venture next year even though you guys have talked about being EBITDA positive. And you didn't necessarily call that out, but would we assume that you would invest equally, in other words, that you would maintain that 50% -- if they're talking about investing more, you're thinking about doing the same thing for BetMGM? And then -- that's it. 
William Hornbuckle: Okay. Thanks, Robin. And look, I'd love them to invest more than us, but that's not the way it's going to work. So yes, we'll invest side -- purposely side by side. We believe in that business, we recognize, particularly as it relates to sports, that our product over the last 18 months wasn't where it needed to be. And you've seen us do a great deal of work around single account, single wallet. Entain bought Angstrom, which we think will be a very -- not will be, is, and becoming a very good push for us with parlay product for odds, the quantum of odds that we set, the amount that we can put out there. And so we're excited by that acquisition and what that's brought to the business. 
 Ultimately, we will get Entain in Nevada, we believe in the first quarter, which will then make single wallet available and therefore, omnichannel throughout our network, principally here with our decisive advantage of Las Vegas, as a single wallet account. We think that will be meaningful. And we will then see, once product is understood, more clearly how much to invest.
 But when you talk about a quantum of dollars and you think about the overall scheme of what's been accomplished, it won't be large. It's not like where we've been. But if somebody said you need to invest another $50 million to make sure your long-term value is there, I'm shooting for end of '25 as a goal. Where are we going to be? Has this thing really begun to do the kinds of things I think we all think and expect and hope it to do.
 And so we'll continue to invest accordingly and appropriately and purposefully with these guys because we believe -- look, we're still #3. We're still #1, although I noted DraftKings this month. But year in and year out, we've been #1 in iGaming. And so we've got a very big position we want to protect and we'll continue to do so. 
Operator: The next question is from Barry Jonas with Truist Securities. Mr. Jonas, perhaps your phone is on mute. 
Barry Jonas: I appreciate the commentary on F1, but curious if you can provide any additional color or metrics on how Super Bowl is shaping up? 
William Hornbuckle: Yes, I'll kick it off, but Corey -- it's interesting, where we've seen a great deal of international single visitation on F1, Super Bowl, maybe not to your surprise, is about corporate America. And so it is showing up in multiples, in terms of multiple groups taking -- Corey, if you'd take -- just a great deal of inventory. 
Corey Sanders: Yes. If you look at the large -- the groups that have booked for programs for F1, we're actually about double in Super Bowl. So we're seeing some really strong demand there. It's driving ADR. We're pretty optimistic about what Super Bowl will bring for us from a casino and leisure side. 
Barry Jonas: Great. Great. And then just as a follow-up, as you look across your markets or other parts, maybe parts of the database, are you seeing any noticeable impact from the macro environment we're in? 
Corey Sanders: No, we're not really seeing any -- we continue to book at the elevated ADRs, the regional trips and rated days customer values seem to be where they've been in the past. 
William Hornbuckle: Barry, I think the discussion will ultimately come down to the regionals, not necessarily top line but bottom line in margin. And just keeping those things going strong. obviously, we'll wait and see what happens in Detroit here, but we'll come out of that like we always do. And then it will be about regional margins, I think, in bottom line more than top line, at least as -- anything we can see suggests that. 
Operator: The next question is from John DeCree with CBRE. 
John DeCree: Maybe one more to shift back to Macau, if Hubert's still with us. The trends in recovery in Macau are still trucking along nicely for the market as a whole. There's obviously a lot of discussion about macroeconomic issues in China. So there seems to be a decoupling.
 Curious to get your thoughts on that and then, more specifically, the next leg of the recovery as we march forward. Obviously, airlift back to Macau and Hong Kong is still a place of recovery. But curious your views on the differences in Macau and China consumer more broadly and then how you see the next leg of the recovery playing out. 
Unknown Executive: Go ahead, Hubert. 
Zhi Qi Wang: Yes. Thanks, John, for your question. I think that, first of all, I think Macau, I believe that the recovery is going to continue. The government issued their forecast for next year during their budget session. And we are looking at a GGR number for next year around USD 27 billion for the entire year. And this is quite consistent with our belief, our own expectation and the market consensus as well.
 Now I think, yes, in China, there is some softness in its overall macroeconomic situation. The GDP growth is around 4% to 5%, which is at the trough if you look at the long-term window period. But I believe that Macau is not the average of -- reflection of the average GDP growth or spending pattern in China.
 We, as a town, cater to about 30 million visitations a year. The unique visitation is probably less than half of that. It's still a very small number in the grand scheme of population in China. So we cater to the -- really the, I would say, the economic elites in China, the middle class and upper middle class.
 And there is a recent report if you can refer to, also talks about, even in China, the consumption between high-income group and the base mass is very different. You see continued growth on luxury goods purchased at the high income group, while the mass you have seen a decline. 
 So I think that Macau is positioned to cater to the group with high spending. And this is I think what every concessionaire, along with the government, is trying to do, to capture that group and their visitation into the market. So I think -- I hope that answers your question, John. 
John DeCree: Yes, Hubert, that's great. I appreciate that commentary, very helpful. Maybe one for Bill or Jonathan back on the U.S. as a follow-up. Couple of different questions on OpEx inflation, and property insurance being a big one that a lot of folks have talked about, Bill, you've just commented on that. But maybe looking ahead, excluding labor, which we've talked about, is it your visibility on OpEx, does it feel like the inflationary impacts have been borne already? Or what do you expect going forward, I guess, kind of your outlook for cost inflation over the next couple of months from where you have visibility? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, setting -- it's Jonathan. Thanks, John. Setting labor cost aside for a moment, and even insurance, which is -- in a way, it's more pronounced in a couple of our regional properties than it is in our Las Vegas businesses, we expect inflation in our -- some of our core inputs to be low single digits. And -- but at the same time, Corey and his team have dozens of initiatives against our cost structure so that we can minimize the impact on that overall and maintain margins in our Las Vegas businesses in the range that they've been for the past several quarters.
 So the thing is in Las Vegas, we have quite a few levers that we can use to offset the impact of that. So again, setting the labor aside, we're confident that we can hold the line on those other costs. 
Operator: The next question is from Chad Beynon with Macquarie. 
Chad Beynon: I know a few calls ago, we spent a lot of time on the Marriott strategic partnership, and Bill, you talked about that as a catalyst for '24 when that launches. Can you just give us an update, since it was slightly delayed, just in terms of how we're thinking about the overall impact kind of replacing those lower-yielding rooms to Marriott direct customers, if we should start to see that real benefit in '24? Or does it just appear that the city is busy enough right now where maybe we're not getting that full benefit, and this will be more of a '25 and beyond positive for you guys? 
William Hornbuckle: No. I think it's '24, because I think the booking cycle for Las Vegas, even with this group, because we've seen it obviously mirrored at the Cosmopolitan is pretty much in line with everything else. They go a little earlier because they want to make sure they can use their points, et cetera. But there's a clear window over the next couple of months.
 So once we launch it, we think it ramps fairly quickly. And I think by the third and fourth quarter of next year, this time next year, we ought to be -- have a real good feel for what it's going to provide. The group activity that will be part of it is a little different discussion and will take more time given the obvious nature and cycle of that business. And remember, I think the first year, we're looking for $50 million to $75 million in incremental. 
 And there's nothing to believe, even despite the delay, candidly, there's nothing to believe we won't recognize or realize that. 
Chad Beynon: Okay. Great. Another one with respect to '24 in terms of Lunar New Year. I believe Lunar New Year and Super Bowl are coinciding over the same periods. Have you seen any indication just in terms of bookings from some of that international bacc play? Does that come in a little bit closer to that event? And given that Super Bowl is around the same time, should we expect a lower positive from that? 
William Hornbuckle: Well, yes, they do line up, so I can't change that. It's one of the few years that they do. So what I think you'll see, we've seen increasing international bacc play as year has gone on, and I think we'll see it, hopefully, and believe it will continue into 2024. I think we're going to see a lot of folks at a football game who don't necessarily know football very well, but are inviting guests or want to see a spectacle. And so yes, there's some overlap to it.
 But we feel pretty positive. It's just frankly too early to tell. Most of those customers other than a holiday period, which I guess this is, but they react fairly quickly at the last minute and say I'm coming. And so we'll know about 60 days, 45 days out, really more what the activity case will look like. 
Corey Sanders: And for that holiday, it does expand for a little bit over a week. So we will separate the party from the Super Bowl to make sure that we maximize both opportunities. 
Chad Beynon: Hopefully, there's a compounding effect. I appreciate it. 
Operator: And the last question today is from Jordan Bender with JMP Securities. 
Jordan Bender: We've talked about in past calls just on the A's relocation and if there is a CapEx requirement maybe as part of that. But does it make sense to maybe potentially expand the asset base on the south end of the strip just given your liquidity position? 
William Hornbuckle: So update, I literally was with their team and their owner yesterday. They are excited to be coming. The vote is, I think, on the 16th for the owners. And obviously, they have to get through that. They won their court case this week, which was important. There was a petition here in Nevada to slow them down. And so -- and they actually showed me the design, which was spectacular, I might add. So we're all excited by that.
 Look, I think you'll see us, particularly, I've mentioned this briefly, rethink about the MGM of note. It's our legacy brand. It's on the corner of Tropicana Las Vegas Boulevard. It's 30 years old and it needs some attention, particularly at the front end of that intersection. And so I think you'll see us invest there. 
 I think you'll see us invest in the way people move around that corner and make it in concert and synergistic with the design I saw yesterday. We've already connected our architect with theirs to kind of talk about all of that. And to the extent we really see this thing going up in the air, and I think we will, I think over time, if Las Vegas continues to do the kinds of things it's been doing, we'd be foolish not to. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Hornbuckle for any closing remarks. 
William Hornbuckle: Thanks, operator. I made my comments earlier. Again, I just want to call out to our staff here for getting us through this cyber attack. I appreciate everyone's patience with us. I appreciate your trust in us, and ultimately, anyone coming next week, let's go racing, because I want to have some fun for once, I'm tired of this. Thank you all. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Jonathan Halkyard, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Hubert Wang, President and Chief Operating Officer of MGM China; and Andrew Chapman, Director of Investor Relations.
 [Operator Instructions] Please also note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Andrew Chapman. 
Andrew Chapman: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. This call is being broadcast live on the internet at investors.mgmresorts.com. We've also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements.
 Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise.
 During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation, which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Bill Hornbuckle. 
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, Andrew, and thank you all for joining us this afternoon. I'm happy to share that MGM Resorts posted an all-time record for consolidated net revenues in the second quarter. We achieved strong earnings across our domestic portfolio with near record second quarter adjusted property EBITDA results at MGM China and the first quarter of positive EBITDA at BetMGM. At a high level, we're seeing strong demand trends in Las Vegas, with casino drop and handle up year-over-year, alongside increasing hotel revenues with our fourth quarter hotel revenues forecasted to be the highest of all time.
 In our regional operations, we achieved year-over-year top line growth on a same-store basis, taking into consideration the sale of the Gold Strike Tunica with profit margins in the range of prior quarters. We are continuing to evaluate our business and evolve our products to ensure that we are maximizing profit while maintaining great customer service levels.
 Our second quarter results are a continued testament to our 75,000-plus employees and their commitment to offering world-class service and memories for our guests. Simply stated, our employees are the best in the business, and I want to thank them for helping us deliver another outstanding quarter in Las Vegas and our regional locations and ultimately, in Macau.
 While we're certainly pleased with the results we've achieved in the first half of this year, we frankly are even more excited about what's to come in the back half, starting with the historic long-term agreement with Marriott International that we announced last month. As part of this agreement, we've created a new MGM collection with Marriott Bonvoy, allowing its more than 180 million members to book rooms and earn and redeem Marriott Bonvoy points at 17 MGM Resorts domestic properties.
 This agreement will enhance our profitability by driving lower customer acquisition costs and with a better mix and higher ADRs and on property spend. By 2025, our expectation is that the Marriott customer base represent a meaningful segment of our hotel mix at premium rates. Jonathan will expand further on this business case in his section. 
 I'd like to personally thank Tony Capuano and his team for the partnership and collaboration throughout this effort, and we can't wait to get started in the fall. Looking into the third quarter, we have great programming, including Black Hat at Mandalay Bay, MAGIC at the Convention Center and Beyoncé at Allegiant. Bookings are strengthening for the remainder of the year and as we get closer to the Formula One in November. We've also got a great fall home schedule for the Raiders, which will have fans flocking into Vegas from Green Bay, Pittsburgh, Kansas City and New England, among other cities that all travel well.
 For Formula One, while still early, we already have twice the occupancy on the books and at 4x the average rate compared to last year and with more than 70% of our ticket inventory already committed. A portion of these tickets will go to our gaming customers, and early front money and credit data suggested Formula One is shaping up to be an all-time record casino event for the company.
 Our pace into the second quarter of 2024 is also setting up quite well -- excuse me, in the first quarter, highlighted by the Super Bowl at Allegiant Stadium in February. We're already seeing stronger rates than a typical Super Bowl weekend with exceptional early business from sponsors and media that has led to 3 to 4x higher room rates on the books.
 Looking longer term, we're excited by the possibilities of welcoming the A's to Las Vegas literally in our front yard at the current Tropicana site. The A's proposing a 30,000-seat stadium, representing an additional 2.4 million seats every year during the regular season, that should drive over 400,000 new tourists during and a focus on midweek business. The Raiders and the Stanley Cup Champion Golden Knights have shown that Las Vegas is the go-to destination for away fans seeking a fun and entertaining getaway to see their favorite teams play and when we think the A's will be no different. 
 The A's stadium, Allegiant and T-Mobile, represent 100,000 seats holding 3 professional sports teams that are directly adjacent to one or more of our properties with a possibility for multiple events on the same day. It's clear that Las Vegas has become the world's premier sports and entertainment destination. 
 Turning to Macau. We posted another outstanding quarter of performance with adjusted property EBITDAR surpassing the second quarter of 2019. Margins were in the high 20s, a great story that we feel confident can be sustained for the long term. Our outsized performance in Macau as a result of exceptional execution by the team at MGM China, who has done an incredible job positioning our properties to main share in the mid-teens and the market that has seen significant increase in hotel supply during the quarter.
 Just a few weeks ago, we reconfigured an enhanced Pit 7 at MGM Macau, and the Lotus room and MGM Cotai and expect to complete the deployment optimization in Q3 of our tables. In Macau, we are focused on 4 key priorities: activating our incremental 200 tables; making optimistic changes to our casino floor to maximize yield; taking care of our premium mass customers; and driving international customers to our property through our global branch office network.
 We're committed to helping shape the future of Macau as a global tourism destination through our concession commitments with investments being beginning this year. I think Macau capital will cover a wide range of opportunities, including investments in art and culture, entertainment and the expansion of our international customer base. I'd like to thank the Macau's government for their continued support.
 Turning now to BetMGM. As the team announced last week, we are on track for second half 2023 profitability, and we're pleased with the meaningful progress we've made towards Single Account, Single Wallet. In fact, this week, we expect to be live with this feature in 14 markets, which cover more than 50% of our database. 
 Our partner has announced acquisition of Angstrom is also a positive step towards improving BetMGM's product and refining our pricing tools, both of which we expect to drive customer satisfaction and ultimately margins. One of the meaningful benefits that MGM Resorts brings to BetMGM is 37,000 rooms in Las Vegas that import new customers nightly. All of our resort guests are exposed to BetMGM marketing throughout their stay.
 And on average, BetMGM acquires 30,000 customers monthly, who have originated or had a prior relationship with MGM Resorts, with half of those coming from Nevada. As we roll out Single Account, Single Wallet across the country, BetMGM will be able to truly activate our unparalleled footprint in Las Vegas as part of our omnichannel strategy.
 We expect acquisition and engagement metrics to grow as players get to enjoy seamless experience using the BetMGM app across state borders. We're also focused on growing our international digital business through LeoVegas. And last quarter announced acquisition of Push Gaming, a gaming content studio. That acquisition is scheduled to close later this fall. We developed our digital presence internationally through improved content, technology and distribution.
 Now lastly, on the development front, in New York, we hope to receive a license in the first half of 2024. In Japan, next step is entering into an  implementation agreement with the central government, which we also expect in the fall. In closing, our agreement with Marriott, ongoing investments into our operations and a fantastic sports entertainment backdrop in Las Vegas position us well to create operating leverage by growing our EBITDAR against our fixed rent escalators.
 The stability of our domestic business will be supplemented by outsized earnings opportunities in Macau as that business ramps in the beginning of profitability in BetMGM. We also have longer tail opportunities with our developments in Japan and New York and with our international digital strategy with LeoVegas. When you connect each of these opportunities for cash flow generation together, add to the strength of our balance sheet and with more cash than debt, then excluding MGM China, then consider the fact that we reduced our share count by approximately 30% since the beginning of 2021, we believe the company is tremendously positioned for growth as we accelerate our free cash flow yield.
 With that, I'll turn this over to Jonathan for more detail on the quarter. Jonathan? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks very much, Bill. And I, too, want to start my remarks by thanking our employees for all their hard work in delivering another robust quarter results. Bill said, our employees are the best in the business, and I couldn't agree more. In the second quarter, we achieved strong earnings across our domestic portfolio and near second quarter all-time record adjusted property EBITDAR results at MGM China.
 Before I get into the results, let me begin with the financial benefits we believe the Marriott agreement brings to MGM. In Las Vegas, MGM Resorts fills roughly 12 million room nights a year. Based on data from The Cosmopolitan as well as Marriott, we believe we can replace approximately 5% to 7% of our lowest yielding rooms with Marriott direct bookings, representing 600,000 to 800,000 rooms per year.
 Upgrading these lower-yielding room nights with Marriott brings a lower customer acquisition costs, higher ADR and a higher-yielding customer with more on property spend. Based on our research and our prior experience with The Cosmopolitan, we expect to increase profit per room by approximately $100 per night, driving $60 million to $75 million in annual profit once stabilized.
 This estimate doesn't include any further upside from our regional operations, group or occupancy lift. All in all, we're excited about this agreement with Marriott and look forward to kicking things off in October.
 Now turning to our results. Our consolidated businesses generated all-time record revenues of $3.9 billion, up 21% from last year and adjusted EBITDAR of $1.1 billion. During the quarter, net cash from operating activities was $577 million. Less capital expenditures, free cash flow was $323 million. It's important to note that $166 million in cash flow from operating activities and $14 million in CapEx related to MGM China were included in the quarter.
 Here in Las Vegas, revenues of $2.1 billion were steady compared to prior year, and adjusted property EBITDAR was down 6% to $777 million. It's a good number for Las Vegas. On a same-store basis, excluding The Mirage and The Cosmopolitan, revenues were level and adjusted property EBITDAR decreased 8%. Margins of 36% were well above 2019 levels. Second quarter occupancy was 96%, and ADR was $234, an increase of 4% year-over-year. 
 Looking forward, our pace, which reflects on the booked rooms, is up year-over-year for every month beginning in 2023 -- or, remaining in 2023. In terms of where we are seeing strength in Las Vegas, it's clear that it's coming from the luxury segment, which for this purpose, we define as our properties, which have a higher ADR than the strip average of $185, and that's our business.
 This segment represents approximately 65% of our rooms and over 80% of our EBITDAR in the second quarter. In the regions, revenues of $926 million were down 3% compared to prior year and adjusted property EBITDAR was down 14% to $294 million. Of course, this quarter, we did not have the results of the Gold Strike. So same-store revenues, excluding the Gold Strike, grew 2% with adjusted property EBITDAR decreasing 7%.
 We continue to see stable trends in our regional operations. And while EBITDAR was down year-over-year on a same-store basis, most of that decline is attributable to 2 properties: the Borgata and MGM Grand Detroit, both of which lead their highly competitive markets. Regional adjusted EBITDAR margins were 32% in the quarter. As you will recall, in the third quarter of 2022, we brought back our normal service and amenity levels to our regional properties, which has led to consistent margins in the 32% to 33% range sense.
 Turning to Macau. Our adjusted property EBITDAR of $209 million was an increase of 21% versus the second quarter of 2019 with a 28% margin. Gross gaming revenues exceeded second quarter 2019 levels, led by our main floor win, which was 37% higher than 2019. The flow-through created from net revenues to adjusted property EBITDAR was over 100% when compared to 2019. We made progress in improving MGM China's credit profile with the July announcement of the amendment and extension of our 2 revolving credit facilities with their new maturity date in 2026, and this was an important step in [ security ] and extending our access to liquidity. 
 In the first half of 2023, BetMGM generated net revenues associated with operations of $944 million, which is an improvement of 55% compared to the first half last year. BetMGM is well on track to achieve our forecast of $1.8 billion to $2 billion in net revenues from operations for the year. Our 50% of BetMGM's operating losses in the second quarter were $22 million. 
 As you recall, BetMGM -- sorry, MGM reports BetMGM 1 month in arrears. So our second quarter reporting reflects March through May, and that explains the variance to BetMGM's positive EBITDA in the calendar quarter. Let me close on capital allocation and valuation. As we just lapped the 1-year mark at The Cosmopolitan and with The Mirage and Gold Strike transactions behind us, it's a good time to reflect on the impact of these portfolio moves on our financial picture.
 We committed a net $460 million of capital to our domestic opcos with the acquisition of The Cosmopolitan and the subsequent dispositions of The Mirage and the Gold Strike. On a trailing 12-month basis, the incremental adjusted property EBITDAR generated from The Cosmopolitan less the amount lost with the dispositions was $258 million. 
 Backing out the change to cash rent with these transactions results in a net increase of $188 million on $460 million of capital. This implies a creation multiple of 2.4x or said another way, a return on investment of 41% for a property, The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, that is now the youngest in our Las Vegas portfolio with the attending low CapEx requirement.
 We take capital allocation seriously here, and we're proud of these moves and the execution of The Cosmopolitan, which made it all possible. This year, through today, we also returned capital to shareholders by purchasing over 28 million shares for $1.2 billion. We're currently trading at 30% higher than our average weighted cost of shares since the program resumed in early 2021, yet our valuation still remains very attractive.
 In our earnings presentation posted this afternoon, I revisit our adjusted EBITDAR multiple at current trading levels. Using consensus valuation estimates for our share of BetMGM and the current market value of MGM China, we're trading at 5x trailing adjusted EBITDA. Bill, back to you. 
William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. Hopefully, you've heard the business case come through loud and clear. MGM Resorts offers consistent earnings through our Las Vegas and regional properties with near-term growth and diversification through BetMGM shift to profitability and MGM China's rapid inflection as well as long-term growth opportunities in international, digital and to our expansion efforts in New York and Japan, plus a fortified balance sheet allows us the ability to make optimistic investments and acquisitions as well as return capital to shareholders through share repurchases.
 As Jonathan mentioned, we believe our shares will still be priced at an attractive level. And as we stand today, I am certainly encouraged by our ability to grow free cash flow significantly and believe as a sum of the parts evaluation we've included in the deck suggests our core business is trading at multiples, well below our competitors, providing for future growth and value to our shareholders. With that, operator, we'll take questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. 
Joseph Greff: You did a fairly thorough job talking about your current operations and the trend lines in Las Vegas and the regional Macau as well as BetMGM. So I have a couple of sort of big picture questions or one big picture question in them, sort of one thought on New York. But my first question is, if you could just give us an update on any digital or any M&A aspirations in digital, how much of a strategic priority is that for you, both in international markets and in North America? And then maybe for each, how big is too big? Is there a size constraint?
 And then my follow-up question relates to the 3 downstate licenses here in New York -- or New York [indiscernible] if -- could the 2 existing facilities get licenses if there's contention or uncertainty around the third license? And what's your expectation in terms of communications regarding the next steps in New York? I think, Bill, you may have been in New York fairly recently. So I'm sure you're current. That's all for me. 
William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Joe. Let me take those. As it relates to digital, we're focused on working alongside our partners with a collective goal to maximize the growth and profitability of MGM and LeoVegas. I think we're making good progress on both those fronts. And that's really all we're going to say. I think on the second one, it has been interesting. I'm hopeful in the next month or so that we're going to hear something from the commission and ultimately get the process rolling.
 As you know, we've submitted questions. I think we submitted like 84, 85 questions about the actual build in the process. The moment they begin to return those questions to us, the 90-day starts. We've not got any specific indication, but we do believe it will happen shortly and are hopeful to that. So that remains on track, I think, for some time in '24, getting license and then pushing on from there would be our goal and our hope, but nothing definitive there either. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. 
Shaun Kelley: So I just want to dig into sort of the Las Vegas outlook a little bit, but probably a little bit more through a margin or cost lens. So I think across the quarter and certainly across lots of other leisure-oriented businesses, we're starting to see the top line just normalize a little bit, and it's pretty understandable after such a good year last year.
 Just -- could you help us think a little bit about what kind of revenue growth MGM needs in the back half or kind of moving forward to get a bit of cost lever to either hold margin or get a bit of cost leverage from a bit of a more normalized level? I think in the back half, ex Formula One, things are going to start to look a little bit more normal.
 So just help us think about what are you experiencing on the inflation front? What would you need? Would you -- could you lever a 2% or 3% growth rate? Would you need a little bit more than that just given the existing inflationary environment? How do you kind of think about those puts and takes? 
William Hornbuckle: I'll kick it off and turn it over to my colleagues. Look, obviously, Formula One is a unique opportunity. And it sounds like one that's going to repeat itself for us often and the economics around that are substantial. That being said, we've relooked at our forecast for the second half of the year and particularly on top line, driven by rooms and driven by luxury, feel really good about it, both individually by property, and particularly as you go up the luxury spectrum and then ultimately overall.
 I think the big thing that's going to impact us is going to be ultimately wage. You all know the  culinary and the company -- all of Las Vegas companies are now out in negotiating process, which is going well. We have decades of history with them on doing this. This town hasn't seen a strike since the '80s. And so I think we'll come to a reasonable result.  There are issues there around housekeeping of note in their core contingency of people that we're going to need to address.
 But labor, I think, is the biggest thing that sits out there. But again, the top line has been holding up exceptionally well. So Corey, do you want to... 
Jonathan Halkyard: It's Jonathan. Shaun, I'll add a couple of comments.  Year-on-year, we're experiencing some increases in Las Vegas and the regional markets in our FTE counts, not severe low single-digit increases, and that's because of the dynamics we described during our prepared remarks, mostly around full staffing in the regions around actually a fairly dramatic increase in non-gaming revenues in our regional properties.
 But as you look sequentially as we go forward into the third, fourth quarter, first quarter of next year, I think we'll just need a few percentage points of growth in order to maintain margins in and around these current levels. And interestingly in Las Vegas, the fourth quarter has become a seasonal higher quarter for us with, of course, F1, the event schedule around The Raiders and other things that we're doing. So that tends to help margins as well. Corey? 
Corey Sanders: I think you covered it, Jonathan. And Shaun, I would just for reaffirmation on margins. We've now landed, I think, what we said we would land. I think that's pretty history would say that, and we intend to stay there. And so we'll continue to adjust the business accordingly. But we understand the importance of the margins and where we are and where we need and want to be. And I think we're just about there. 
Shaun Kelley: That's super helpful color. As my follow-up, a small one, but Jonathan, thanks for the sort of extra detail on the Marriott agreement. Just sort of one specific one on that, but the $60 million to $75 million in annual profit you outlined, is that -- is a number like that net or gross, meaning is that after the incremental cost to Marriott for that? So would that just be pure savings to MGM? Or do we have to net out whatever the costs are the fees to Marriott as a part of that? 
Jonathan Halkyard: No. We see that as net of -- net benefit to the company and also doesn't include benefits in the regional markets and in occupancy recognizing we already operate at very high occupancies, but that's a net number. 
Operator: Our next question will come from David Katz with Jefferies. 
David Katz: I wanted to talk about the regional business just a bit. We've seen a number of regional operators report so far, and there's been just some pressure, right, on the top and the bottom. Can you just give us your current state of the state -- of the regional business? Is this kind of a momentary pressure? Is it economically driven? What is your outlook for that business competitively, et cetera? 
Corey Sanders: Yes, David, it's  Corey. I think the business is fairly stable as we look across all of our lines of business. The one area we're seeing a little bit of a decline in is our table games at a few of the properties that Jonathan mentioned earlier about the decline in our business. The non-gaming amenities are holding up extremely well and have been very strong this summer.
 On the labor front, I think we're pretty well dialed in there. We're still down significantly from our peak FTEs and have a good understanding of our cost. So that business maintaining, I see is most likely happening in the future quarters. 
Jonathan Halkyard: I was just going to add a couple of comments, which is that ours is a unique regional portfolio in that not only are virtually all of the properties have commanding market positions but now with the conclusion of the room renovation at the Water Club as well as the Beau Rivage, these are properties which are as a group point to be extremely strong free cash flow generators for the enterprise over the next several years with a lot of the major CapEx behind us. So they play a very important part for the portfolio because of that. 
David Katz: Understood. And one of the other topics we haven't talked about in a while, Jonathan, is focusing on digital investment, investment in the loyalty program -- MGM's loyalty program. Can you update us on what's going on there and what benefits you may be seeing or any ways to measure? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure. Most of our investments in the loyalty program have been around technology enablement for our MGM Rewards members so that they can make their reservations online, they can check-in through mobile check-in, et cetera, and also introducing benefits to the program whereby they can redeem their MGM Reward points for non-gaming as well as other amenities and earn the points on non-gaming amenities.
 All of these are seeing steady progress as we go through quarter-to-quarter. And it's an increasingly important part of the business. The capital investment requirement is fairly modest. It's more around operational standards and just increasing the awareness of our MGM Rewards customers the benefits associated with the program. 
Corey Sanders: And just a few other points, Jonathan. We just have changed our platforms, which will allow us to do gamification, which we think from a loyalty perspective will help increase wallet share. And then we just announced that The Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas in February will shift to our loyalty program. So we're looking forward to the opportunities there also. 
William Hornbuckle: And maybe last comment our casino segmentation is up almost 10 points as a percentage of our mix generally. The program and all of its attributes have been a key driver in that. And so we've seen a good deal of pickup throughout the course of the last year. Even if I take out BetMGM, which is, as I've said in my prepared comments, a huge driver of new sign-ups.
 If you take that up, I want to -- and I'll be off on the number here, but I think we have like 12% or 13% growth in that program. And so -- and ultimately, awareness, obviously, going from M life to MGM Rewards, the awareness of the program and what it means across the portfolio has been beneficial. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Barry Jonas with Truist Securities. 
Barry Jonas: I appreciate the commentary on margins. You've previously talked about 400 to 600 basis points of margin improvement on 2019 for the domestic properties. I believe you've been exceeding that. Just curious if that's still the right range that 200 basis point range? Or if you think it's a little tighter now? 
Jonathan Halkyard: No, I'm still comfortable with that range, and I appreciate the observation. We look at it very closely where we get very specific in terms of where that margin improvement is coming from. But then again, 2019 was a long time ago. So  we're focusing on the business as it is now, but we're still comfortable with that as a benchmark. 
Barry Jonas: Okay. Understood. And then just as a follow-up, you've given a lot of great color on the Marriott deal. Maybe just can you talk a little bit more about any integrations with that MGM and how you could see upside there? 
William Hornbuckle: Ultimately, it's our ability to market to their customers and then their customers having an opportunity to do BetMGM MGM in its context. We have a program, I think, that's going to motivate Bonvoy points for those folks ultimately. It sits independent with BetMGM today, but I think it will be a key driver. 
 And when you have 180 million people aware of a product, we think it's pretty significant and interesting and they can get rewarded in Bonvoy points and ultimately do things, both inside their organization and ultimately back within our own. So it's a pretty straightforward deal, whether it's a fee for acquisitions for us and then they open up the benefits programming to all of their members and our members to each other. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. 
Carlo Santarelli: I was just hoping maybe if we could kind of look at the same-store results in Las Vegas and maybe you guys kind of help me better understand some of the ins and outs. But I thought if you look at the margins on the same-store portfolio, down 350 basis points, but still kind of within a range of what you guys talked about relative to 2019. 
 For starters, there was no reference to hold or anything, so I wanted to ask if that was normal? And secondly, I wanted to ask, with the union contracts upcoming, is there any kind of booking of potential incremental labor increases that took place in the quarter and might take place in the third quarter as well, given the contracts ended at the end of May? 
Jonathan Halkyard: The -- in terms of the margin performance year-on-year, again, it was fairly consistent with what we experienced in the second quarter in terms of margin performance in Las Vegas. But as we look year-on-year, a lot of the difference is coming from labor. As we came out of this -- came into the second quarter in 2022, we weren't yet fully staffed. And so we were comping against a lighter labor load in the second quarter of 2022. 
 And then it was a mixed bag of a number of small items. None of which are -- I think, are worth going into. Hold was not a significant factor, and those all contributed to it. But like you noted in the premise of your question, we're kind of in that margin zone that we anticipated getting to and have been now for a couple of quarters. 
Carlo Santarelli: Okay. And then just getting back to the accounting for BetMGM and obviously, the EBITDA loss in the quarter, given the different calendar accounting. Clearly, June was a positive month based on that. July and August tend to be seasonally softer months, I would say, within the sports calendar, et cetera.
 Is it possible that, that kind of 3Q, which is generally a weaker quarter in general from an EBITDA perspective could actually be breakeven to slightly positive prior to, obviously, what would be expected to be a stronger 4Q? 
Jonathan Halkyard: I mean, I'd prefer not to parse the quarters. I think you're directionally correct in terms of the relative strength of the different quarters. We think the second quarter calendar result was  terrific, and we stand by that second half profitability comment. 
Carlo Santarelli: Okay. And sorry, just so I'm clear, that's -- obviously you guys are thinking aggregate second half as reported positive but not necessarily each quarter positive. Is that the right way to interpret that? 
William Hornbuckle: Yes. You've gotten football, obviously kicking up in the third quarter. So the answer is yes. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Stephen Grambling with Morgan Stanley. 
Stephen Grambling: Maybe one more on BetMGM. I know you didn't disclose or BetMGM didn't disclose the EBITDA exactly. But from what we can tell, it looks like the margin there may be a little bit lower than one of your closest peers. But I know there's some puts and takes to try to compare these things. Anything that you can call out to help investors that they try to compare and benchmark? 
William Hornbuckle: Yes. Look, I think -- and we've said this on a prior call, and I think the great news is we finally got single wallet in motion. I think the opportunity with Angstrom will drive more product, more parlay, more frequency and recency around bets in-game and otherwise. And those are big margin businesses. And so if you look at, I think gross, we're a little over 9%. I know there's a goal to break through 10 once we get Angstrom fully deployed, which will probably come in a couple of phases through football and then post football.
 And so I think if you look at the businesses, that's the biggest delta between the two is the product offering and more importantly, the type of products that potentially someone like a FanDuel or DraftKings will offer versus the velocity of things that we offer. We're simply going to have more high-margin bets available for customers as we deploy Angstrom. 
Jonathan Halkyard: And Stephen, it's Jonathan. If you look at our second quarter, some of the KPIs that we called out in the earnings presentation, I mean, as the leading indicators, we're very excited about them for the profitability of the business, lower customer acquisition costs, higher margin on online sports betting, increased play by our loyal known customers and then all of our pre-2023 markets now contribution positive. I mean all those things bode very well for improving profitability in the future. 
Stephen Grambling: That's super helpful. And one follow-up just on kind of BetMGM, but also the regional properties. It looks like the properties that were in the states with legalized iGaming had a little bit weaker gross gaming revenue than those without. Any color on how to assess cannibalization from iGaming or BetMGM specifically? 
William Hornbuckle: Well, I think, in macro, it's beginning to be a slight factor. But I think if you look at it in aggregate, obviously, what's happened in a place like Michigan where it's gone almost 100% more than brick-and-mortar. It's meaningful to the business and meaningful collectively. We continue to hold our market share. I don't know, Corey, recently, what it is 48% or whatever it is... 
Corey Sanders: 46%. 
William Hornbuckle: 46%. So in totality, we think it's to our betterment, and we're excited by it long term. And again, I think once we get more of this omnichannel in play, we can begin to motivate back into the property level with tournaments and other activity cases that will drive people back into brick and mortar. 
Stephen Grambling: Makes sense. And ultimately, free cash flow margin accretive. 
William Hornbuckle: Yes, clearly. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. 
Daniel Politzer: I guess a high-level one on Vegas. You've done a good job kind of laying out the near-term and medium-term outlook. But, I guess, as we look past the Super Bowl into 2024, can you maybe highlight some of the key events that you have on the calendar? Or I guess, where you are in terms of the group and convention pacing, where you are -- versus where you typically are? Yes, just any color as we kind of look further out into the demand picture would be great? 
William Hornbuckle: This is for you, Corey. 
Corey Sanders: Yes. So 2024 from a convention booking perspective looks really positive for our company. We'll be up about 6% in room nights. Just as a reminder, Mandalay Bay has been under remodel. So that's impacted the number of convention room nights we've had in the second and third quarter here. So we have been a little bit down on the convention side, which puts some pressure on the legacy properties in the midweek.
 But as we look at '24 and the pace that we're seeing in where those rooms are being booked, it should make up the difference that we saw in the last few quarters. 
William Hornbuckle: And then if you think just more macro in terms of events activity, the great news is we're still a net beneficiary where carriers like to bring their aircraft. I think we're sitting at 115% or 116% of inventory seats over where we were prepandemic. So that's been great news. Conventions, as Corey mentioned, will pick pace. We have yet to see the full return of international business to Las Vegas, particularly from Asia. I think that will pick some pace.
 We're excited by what we think Marriott can do from a -- if not a displacement but probably a little bit of both, a higher-value customer against an occupancy creep up because we've seen what's happened to Cosmopolitan. If we stretch it across the portfolio, we think that's meaningful. We have several bids in for several NCAA tournaments, the college championship game, the Final Four, Frozen -- not frozen, whatever they call their Final Four for hockey, I think it's called Frozen Fury.
 And so -- and the programming of legion and the opportunity it provides has proven to be highly successful for whether it's Beyonce that's coming in later this month or others. Selling out in Las Vegas is almost given the nature of the activity, it's not a 3-hour event, it's a 3-day event. And  so we keep getting more than our fair share of looks at all of those things as a community. And we, as individual properties, obviously, with T-Mobile in our portfolio, et cetera. So overall, I'm pretty excited by all of it. 
Corey Sanders: And then thinking of the Sphere with U2, which at 20,000 people a night has to help the entire city. And I think boxing is definitely coming back. We just hosted fight last week and that was spectacular for us. So... 
Daniel Politzer: Got it. And then just pivoting to digital and BetMGM. Obviously, if we look through your slides and we see the data, share has kind of edged downwards a bit. So maybe can you talk about the priorities at the JV level as it relates to growth and market share versus profitability, which obviously inflected here into calendar 2Q? 
William Hornbuckle: It's 2 things. You kind of touched on both of them. Drive to profitability, we see cohorts maturing in 24 to 36 months, particularly in sports. Hopefully, a little sooner in iGaming -- hopefully, they are maturing a little sooner in iGaming. We've seen our CPAs come down from 400s down below 300s. And so there's active maturity there in the context of how we're marketing into whom and we're more disciplined about all of that.
 And candidly, it's back what I said earlier. Our product is not where we want it to be. I think the moves that we're now making though with Entain, our partner, with the moves we're going to make with Angstrom as an onboarded partner for BetMGM will get us to a place where we'll be back in that game in a meaningful way and hopefully begin to gain some share back.
 On the casino side, it's simply sports bettors, about 30% of them migrate over to the casino. If you take that out of the equation -- if you leave that in the equation, it's part of the reason iGaming come down a couple of points, but we continue to dominate. We're not naive that they're not coming after us in that forum. We continue to innovate. We've got new games going on the floor, go back to the question we just had around is hurting brick-and-mortar that have jackpots that extend from digital over to brick-and-mortar and vice versa. And so we're continuing to figure out ways to tie both products together to promote both ends of the spectrum. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Brandt Montour with Barclays. 
Brandt Montour: I was wondering if in the regionals if you wanted to -- if you were able to give us a little more color on what happened in -- at the Borgata and in Detroit this quarter? And if it's fair to assume that if you adjusted for that, you would have ended up comfortably in that 32% to 33% margin range that you talked about, Jonathan? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure. Yes, at the Borgata, it was a matter of a couple of pretty significant table game events moving from June into July. And MGM Detroit, it was some issues around hold for the property in the quarter. But again, going forward, we're comfortable being in that range. 
Corey Sanders: Borgata was the big dragger of the margin. 
Brandt Montour: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then over in Macau, as you look at the markets recovery and where you guys think the recovery is coming from here, and looking at your own capacity and your own sort of expertise, can you tell us what gives you confidence that you'll be able to hold the market share gains that you've gotten and how you sort of think that can trend from here? 
William Hornbuckle: I'll kick it off and turn it over to Hubert, who obviously lives this every day. Look, we are uniquely positioned in the way we've historically shaped for decades our marketing organization around knowing our own customers and delivering them to our properties. And obviously, now with the demise of junkets, we've seen that network go to work. And frankly, we're expanding on that network. We've opened a couple more offices, and so that's been meaningful and helpful.
 And then I think it is interesting to us that the moves that we made on the casino floor itself and the reconfigurations and the velocity in the way we offer up games and the proximity to each other, others have now begun to replicate. And so that's real, and it may or may not take its course. But here we are -- July was yet a record month. Here we are 7 months into this, and we continue to hold share, where I think you've seen almost 10,000 hotel rooms open up in the marketplace.
 And so look, if there's always tomorrow, we're not overly tacky about it. But we do think we've done a good job of deploying the 200 tables we got. There's about 150 in play with 50 more to go. And I think that will help our share story as we get to the second half of the year. Hubert, anything to add? 
Zhi Qi Wang: Yes. Thank you, Bill. Other than the table and floor optimization you talked about, I think that we are also looking at sales team expansion. Obviously, I think that this is going to be very important for our customer acquisition. Another thing is that we're going to leverage our network that MGM Resorts has internationally to push the overseas market.
 I think that we have already made a lot of progress, and we're going to open more offices and double our head count, sales and marketing people in these areas. Other than that, I think capital projects and enhancement remain a very important element to improve our customers' experience, particularly at the premium mass side. 
 So we are looking at -- for example, at MGM Macau side, we're going to do Villa renovation in the coming months and the quarters. And there are also a lot of nongaming programs and products that we're going to either renovate or build under the retendering concession commitment. So there are a lot of things that we are doing and focusing on to defend our market share. 
 Just to give you some color on the recovery, I think our July results are very strong, robust, and it's showing continuous improvement on a lot of fronts and a lot of KPIs vis-a-vis second quarter. So whether it's daily GGR or mass GGR recovery rates and even EBITDAR recovery rate. So we are looking at higher numbers than the second quarter. So I'm very optimistic on the balance of the year in terms of recovery and the financial results. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Robin Farley with UBS. 
Robin Farley: I just wanted to follow up on the Marriott agreement. It seems like a great distribution agreement. Can you describe it as a franchise agreement, which would suggest that you're paying a share of rooms revenue from -- you mentioned you expect them to fill maybe 5% to 7% of the lowest rooms. Are you paying a share of room revenues from the other 90-plus percent of rooms in the agreement? 
William Hornbuckle: Robin, the whole agreement is basically a hybrid, given the nature of Las Vegas, given our occupancies. And so yes, we're paying fees on some rooms, not all. And so look, I think you long understand the nature of the story here and what we've been able to do, whether it was more of -- just a loyalty program. This goes a little deeper and longer, which we're excited by, but it is rewarded on performance.
 So the more room nights they drive and the more room nights they bring us, the better they do and ultimately, I think the better we will do. But it's a hybrid deal. It wouldn't be in the general context of how you think about our franchise agreement. 
Robin Farley: So not a share of revenues on the rooms that you already fill yourself, is that the way to think about it? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. We're not going to go into the details of the agreement. We actually feel like we've been pretty transparent in terms of what we think they'll deliver, what they think they'll deliver in terms of rooms and the incremental value associated with those rooms on a net basis, but that's as far as we're going to go in terms of describing the transaction. 
Operator: Our next question will come from John DeCree with CBRE. 
John DeCree: In your prepared remarks, you've mentioned about the A's in the backyard for you guys. So maybe a little bit further looking, but are there potential reinvestment opportunities on the south ends of the strip for your properties that might make ROI sense now that maybe didn't previously? Is there things that you're starting to consider and that you might be able to do with that potential anchor down there in your backyard? 
William Hornbuckle: John, thanks for the question. I think the answer is yes to a degree. I mean we're going to keep the velocity of capital we spend in Las Vegas when we're sitting here, particularly on that corner when we own all 3 properties in measure. Having said that, it's a $1.5 billion stadium. It's going to deliver hundreds of thousands of new folks. MGM is 30 years old and need some love anyways.
 We're not pleased about the way it all connects right now, so we'd like to work on connectivity on that corner. We'd like to work on, particularly the front end of MGM. We think, frankly, the further you get away from the elevators, the worse the property gets not the better. And we'd like to think our front door could be enhanced and I know it can. And this will be a catalyst to that dialogue, where we go and how much time to tell. But yes, we do think there's an opportunity there. 
John DeCree: And maybe one more also circling back to the prepared remarks if you could provide a little bit of color. There's obviously been strength on the strip at the luxury properties that you gave us some color on. But smaller piece of the business, perhaps the nonluxury properties, if you could give us a little color as to what you're seeing there in terms of the differential from luxury properties, if you could call it, softness and what opportunities are there? Is it economic? Is it still just that midweek occupancy that needs to come back as conventions roll in citywide fill-ups or kind of how are you thinking about those other properties that could maybe see some opportunities? 
William Hornbuckle: John, I'll take it off and turn it to Corey because he knows this more intimately. But I would say this park is enjoying its best year ever by far. And so it sits in the epicenter with T-Mobile of activity. And we see bleed over from Luxor when conventions are there. Obviously, we'll see bleed over in Luxor and Excalibur when sports kick -- when sports -- when football kicks back up. New York, New York is enjoying a decent year. So  it's a little bit of a mixed bag, but generally, Corey? 
Corey Sanders: Yes. I think, in general, there's plenty of demand to fill the properties. It just comes to the rate on midweeks. And in particular, when you look at Luxor and Excalibur, they've been impacted by Mandalay's construction going on over there. So they haven't had the flow over from those convention room nights. 
 When there are conventions in town, we have pricing even at those -- pricing power even at those properties. But the summer has been a little bit low on the convention business, not just for us, but from what we've heard from some of our competitors, but we're still happy with the occupancy we're seeing in there. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Chad Beynon with Macquarie. 
Chad Beynon: First, I wanted to ask about your share repurchases, 15 million in the quarter, that was the highest in 4 quarters. Just wondering how you're thinking about the pace of repurchases as we get through the back half of the year and then beyond? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. Thanks for the question. This is an important part of our capital allocation program. It has been now for over 2 years. We try to be consistent but also opportunistic depending upon where we see the shares as compared to our own estimated value of the company. And this quarter was aggressive, although not terribly more so than the first quarter. This will continue to be a part of our capital allocation approach and the pace will be dictated by the market as well as some of the other opportunities that we have before us.
 But we do have close to $2 billion still of excess cash on the balance sheet. And one of the best we think our valuation right now, one of the best homes for that capital is repurchasing our own shares. 
Chad Beynon: Great. And then I wanted to go back to Macau to Hubert. Nice to hear about the quarter and that July is trending in the right direction. We've seen that the State Council recently published a 20-point measure to potentially expand consumption in China. I think we've all been waiting for a resumption of that further out traveler or visitor, non-Guangdong to come back to the market. 
 So a two-part question on that. First off, do you think this could be the catalyst that gets them going? And what would be? And then secondly, do you need that customer to come back or given your results that you're showing right now, are you pretty happy with the current customers that you have in your properties? 
Zhi Qi Wang: Yes. I think that's a great question. I think the stimulation package that the government instituted in China, I think it's going to be another push for the mass segment and particularly at the mid- to lower end of mass. This market, frankly, I think that is so far driven by the premium mass segment. But I think the longer-term recovery of growth will be a broad spectrum -- much broad spectrum than just that, particularly with all the nongaming programs that all the concessionaires  are implementing.
 I think that the demand will come from -- a lot of that will come from the lower to mid-end of the mass. So I think that, again, bodes well for everybody in the market. For MGM, actually, we talk about recovery. But for us, I think we are already moving beyond recovery. We are talking about growth. So we are focusing on all segments.
 Of course, premium mass, given the profit footprint, et cetera, I think we focus on that, but a lot of programs will be supported by every segment of the mass. So I think that bodes well for us as well in the coming months and quarters for the business growth. 
Operator: Ladies gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Bill Hornbuckle for any closing remarks. 
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, operator. Just quickly, before you all go, look, I think you've heard, we continue to have a really strong top line story in Las Vegas. It's led by event activity, it's led by luxury, which we -- again, to Jonathan's comment, 80% of our earnings are coming from the luxury segment and sector. You heard us talk about Marriott think about what we just did. We've just partnered with the world's largest hospitality organization and with 180 million members directly tied to our programs and ultimately to our properties.
 You know BetMGM is now at an inflection point. You heard us talk about margin retention and margin stabilization going forward. I think we're at the numbers we should and want to be both in Las Vegas and regional, and we'll continue to work towards that end. You heard about our balance sheet being in great shape and the value that it presents to shareholders, particularly given the trading multiple that we're at remains very opportunistic in our view, but it sits there loud and clear.
 So for that, I thank you for all your support and you are here and have a great evening. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you very much for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Jonathan Halkyard, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Hubert Wang, President and Chief Operating Officer of MGM China; and Andrew Chapman, Director of Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. 
 Now I would like to turn the call over to Andrew Chapman. Please go ahead. 
Andrew Chapman: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. This call is being broadcast live on the internet at investors.mgmresorts.com. We've also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. 
 On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. 
 During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find a reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation, which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. 
 I will now turn it over to Bill Hornbuckle. 
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, Andrew, and good afternoon, and thank all of you for joining us today. I'd like to start by highlighting the recent news with the Japanese central government officially certified our area development plan in Osaka, which is a recognition of our perseverance and the great partnership that we have forged after more than a dozen years. This is one of the final steps that paves the way for us to begin our development process in Osaka to create what will likely be the first integrated resort in Japan. I'd like to thank the government of Japan, the City of Osaka, our local partner, Orix, and Ed Bowers and the development team and the many MGM employees who helped make this reality. It's truly an higher, and we look forward to getting started on this major development to increase our global reach and fulfill our strategy to increase our geographic diversification.
 Turning to results. MGM Resorts has posted just an outstanding quarter of financial performance to start 2023 driven by another record Las Vegas quarter and significant recovery at our MGM China. MGM China is experiencing a rapid recovery following the lift of public health policy restrictions. Our first quarter outperformance in Macau is a direct result of the meticulous preparation and well-executed plan put together by our team in MGM China who ensured that we are ready to capture market share and drive results upon reopening. 
 I'll point to a few KPIs to reflect our impressive start to the year in Macau. In the first quarter, our MGM China properties generated adjusted property EBITDAR of $169 million or 88% of our first quarter 2019 adjusted property EBITDAR. Our market share was 15% during the quarter, and we are confident in our ability to sustain share as we put in place key structural advantages, including: one, we gained an additional 200 tables as part of the concession renewal process. This represents a 33% increase in the tables for MGM in a market with fixed table allocations. Currently, our half of our incremental tables are fully in use and the remaining will be added as demand returns and we complete further refurbishments on the casino floors. 
 We also enhanced our property and remodels on the casino floors at both MGM Macau and MGM Cotai to focus on mass and premium mass along with adding 57 high-end villa suites at our Cotai property. In addition, we also have the advantage of our global sales international branch marketing network. We are actively leveraging our customer database to bring global customers to our properties. 
 While we recognize that additional hotel supply will enter the market, these drivers, along with a deep customer understanding from our property leadership, I believe, will allow MGM China to maintain its share in the teens. I'd also like to thank the Macau SAR government for their partnership, and we look forward to working alongside them as we support Macau's positioning as a world center for tourism and leisure. 
 Moving stateside, we have once again achieved exceptional results in Las Vegas with a record-breaking first quarter. This marks our seventh consecutive quarter of record EBITDAR, and we owe it all to the hard work and dedication of our thousands of employees. This quarter's Strip performance was fueled by fantastic calendar sports events, including, for the first time, hosting Sweet 16 and March Madness and other entertainment and convention events at our properties and throughout the city. 
 The quality and consistency of entertainment and sports programming at MGM Resorts and throughout Las Vegas has been a catalyst for the permanent transformation and strength and demand of our offerings. This is no better example than Formula 1, which, as you know, will come to Las Vegas for the first time this November. 
 Additionally, we are laser-focused on continuing to invest in our properties with a handful of the capital and projects on the Strip. At Bellagio, we are completing a 3-year remodel of all rooms and suites with our Spa Tower. This is in addition to enhancing our high-end gaming offering with a newly remodeled Club Privé for high-end table games customers and our Baccarat Lounge just reopened after a full renovation. We have begun construction of a pedestrian bridge to connect The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas with Bellagio and Vdara. We are undergoing a full upgrade of our Mandalay Bay Convention Center along with numerous restaurants, bars, entertainment outlets and significant roomy models at New York-New York, MGM and The Water Club at Borgata. By the way, it will soon carry the MGM flag alongside Borgata's brand. These initiatives will be drivers of our customer loyalty and spend and ultimately, future free cash flow. 
 Under our regional portfolio, it showed consistent year-over-year top line growth with stable profitability. I'd like to specifically recognize the Beau Rivage team and congratulate them for executing well on a beautiful room remodel, which was completed in 2022 and is seeing a very strong customer response. 
 Turning now to BetMGM. In the first quarter, we expanded our footprint by launching in Ohio and Massachusetts, bringing our total active markets to 26. Based on results thus far, BetMGM remains on track to hit fiscal '23 revenue guidance of $1.8 billion to $2 billion. BetMGM is also continuing to make progress towards profitability later this year, all while continuing to expand and improve its product offering with our joint venture partner, Entain. 
 As we look at this business, we are encouraged by the improving economics that will translate into long-term profitability. As a reminder, as states mature and we focus on growing our NGR, optimizing retention bonus-ing and focusing on most profitable players, overall CPAs will decrease and the conversion from GGR to NGR will increase ultimately driving profitability. 
 Internationally, we announced today that the first major investment by our subsidiary, LeoVegas, with LeoVegas entering in an agreement to acquire the majority of the game developer Push Gaming. Push is a proprietary content provider that will allow LeoVegas to grow its library of games as they extend their digital gaming presence to new markets. Push offers several industry-leading games to over 200 operators globally. 
 On the development front, we are working through the RFA process in New York. We plan to submit our official application in the summer and hope to receive a response by the first half of next year. We continue to expect total spend in New York to be approximately $2 billion, inclusive of the licensing fee. And should we win a license in New York, our plan is for extensive property improvements such as a new 5,000-seat theater, new food and beverage outlets, covered parking and an increase overall to the casino floor space. We will share more specifics as part of our submission process continues. 
 Now back to Japan. As we progress, we see great opportunity. Osaka has approximately 30 million people within a 3-hour transit time of our site in Yumeshima. Our site in Osaka is also expected to drive international tourism in Japan given its proximity to other major Asian countries. And I will remind all that Osaka is closer to many Northern Chinese cities than any other gaming market. Considering that, we will likely be our integrated resource offering for -- the first integrated resort offering for some time in Japan. We believe this project will generate a minimum to high-teens free cash flow yield. 
 Putting it all together, MGM Resorts offers steady earnings power through our existing operations and world-class brands, plus significant growth opportunity through our digital business, the recovery in Macau and our development opportunities. Our balance sheet boasts impressive strengths with $4.5 billion of cash, excluding MGM China, as shown in the presentation. 
 Now to Jonathan for more detail on the quarter. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks, Bill. And I too want to at our employees for delivering another record quarter of financial results. I'd also like to recognize and thank our teams in both Japan and Macau for their outstanding wins this quarter. 
 Digging into the numbers, our consolidated businesses generated revenues of $3.9 billion this quarter, up 36% from last year, and adjusted EBITDAR of $1.1 billion. 
 An even more impressive story was our free cash flow. During the quarter, net cash from operating activities was $704 million. Less capital expenditures, free cash flow was $564 million. It's important to note that $184 million in cash flow from operating activities and $6 million of CapEx related to MGM China in the quarter. This was a particularly strong quarter in free cash flow due not only to our operating results but also timing of taxes, interest payments and ramping of CapEx. 
 Our operating results certainly benefited from a recovery of MGM China as Macau reopened and our team executed on their reopening plan. Gross gaming revenue or win at MGM China ramped to 78% of 2019 in the first quarter or $663 million compared to less than 50% market-wide GGR recovery. This increase was driven by our main floor GGR, which exceeded 2019 levels in the first quarter. Adjusted property EBITDAR was $169 million, 88% of 2019 first quarter levels, and margin was 27% compared to 26% in 2019. 
 Here in Las Vegas, margins of 38% remained in line with our performance for the last several quarters. On a year-over-year basis, our revenues grew $513 million and our adjusted property EBITDAR grew $242 million, representing a flow-through of 47%. These results are a testament to the market leadership of our properties, our pricing strategy and expense controls. 
 First quarter occupancy was 92% and ADR was $258, an increase of 31% year-over-year. Looking forward, our pace, which reflects on the books rooms, is up year-over-year for every month from now until November. 
 Food and beverage is also worth highlighting this quarter as it benefited from the 14 percentage point increase in occupancy and a 38% increase in restaurant covers. Food and beverage revenues were up 52% and banquet spend, which is one of our highest margin businesses, grew 84% due to the recovery in our group segment versus a year ago. In the regionals, first quarter same-store revenues, that excludes Gold Strike, grew 10% with adjusted property EBITDAR up 6% year-over-year. 
 BetMGM generated net gaming revenues from operations of $476 million in the first quarter representing a 76% increase over 2022. BetMGM's market share was 28% in iGaming and, when blended with online sports betting, had 17% market share in the U.S. across states in which it operates. Our 50% share of BetMGM operating losses was $82 million, which represents our highest expected loss of the year, as the first quarter is a heavy acquisition period with Super Bowl and March Madness plus launches in 2 states. 
 At the cohort level, the data is showing robust player economics and a successful bonus optimization strategy. Same-store NGR from online sports increased 100% in the first quarter and BetMGM remains on course to profitability later in 2023. 
 Before turning it back to Bill, I'll conclude, as usual, with a few observations on our free cash flow and our financial algorithm more generally. We're in an enviable position financially. Our collection of superior properties in Las Vegas, together with the stable operating performance of our regional portfolio, generates ample free cash flow from our domestic operations. BetMGM is fully capitalized now, growing rapidly and turning toward profitability later this year. Our Macau Enterprise is already operating at near pre-pandemic levels. Our balance sheet is strong and highly liquid. At the end of the quarter, excluding China, we had approximately $4.5 billion of cash, as shown in the presentation, and more cash than debt, creating a net cash position of $1.3 billion. All of this allows us to invest for growth, delever and repurchase shares, steadily reducing our share count. 
 In the first quarter, we completed the sale of the Gold Strike Tunica for $450 million in gross proceeds. We received $170 million in the early prepayment of the note receivable that was secured by excess land from our Circus Circus transaction. We repaid $1.25 billion for our 6% notes. In April, we paid $138 million to a minority investor in National Harbor as a result of the sale of their economic interest, and we agreed to purchase real estate between the Bellagio and the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas to enable connectivity among these properties going forward. And this morning, we announced the acquisition of Push Gaming, augmenting our international digital strategy. The Japan and New York development opportunities lie before us, and we expect them to offer attractive free cash flow yields for our shareholders. 
 This year, through today, we've repurchased 16 million shares for $654 million, excluding excise tax, and that represents 4% of our share count. And we'll continue to repurchase shares, capturing the free cash flow yield on our shares, reducing our share count and growing free cash flow per share. 
 Bill, back to you. 
William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. A couple of comments, and then we'll open it up for questions. I got to say, I'm extremely proud of the entire team. It's arguably one of our best quarters ever. If you think about the overall performance, Las Vegas, Macau, the major development news we had in Japan, our pursuit of New York, things are going exceptionally well there. Jonathan just mentioned, and obviously, it's our intent that MGM is an inflection point. And then we continue to push through LeoVegas in growing our digital business on an international scale. 
 We are obviously now almost a year into our acquisition of Cosmopolitan. And so we couldn't be happier with the position in the leading resorts we have here in Las Vegas. We have 4 of the country's top 8 regional casinos in terms of performance, which fortifies the effort that we have here not only those markets but sending people back to Las Vegas. And we have a fortified balance sheet that still continues to allow us to buy back the shares when we think appropriate and invest in our company's future. 
 With that, operator, we'll open it up to any questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will be from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. 
Joseph Greff: Hope you're well. Jonathan, your comments in Las Vegas in terms of looking ahead and talking about your bookings pace and how it's up year-over-year every month now through November, a very interesting comment. Can you talk about how even that is or how even performance in Las Vegas between the higher end and the lower end between midweek and weekend? Then I have a follow-up. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure. I'll make a couple of comments, Joe, and then I'll certainly invite Corey to add his perspective as well. The strength in Las Vegas really has been driven mostly, not entirely, but mostly by weekend rates. That's where the real pricing power has been. It's been certainly supported by the event schedule Bill referenced in his remarks. But we're still seeing -- during the quarter, we saw growth in the midweek room rates as well. But just the real strength has been from the weekends. 
 And then going forward, any differences in terms of the pacing on the books is typically driven by the group customers that are on the books. The groups are a bit lighter during the summer months than they are, say, deeper into the fall. But I would say on balance that it's a pretty even outlook we have in terms of the way the pace is building. 
Corey Sanders: I would agree. 
Joseph Greff: Great. And then obviously, a significant recovery in Macau and [ best case ] been a long time coming. Obviously, we got good market-wide news this morning on market-wide performance in April. Can you talk about what you've seen thus far in April? And maybe, to us, what we see from an industry-wide market performance is, I guess, more grind or base mass recovery. Can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of the recovery thus far in the second quarter? 
William Hornbuckle: Joe, we've got Hubert on the phone. I'm going to turn it over to him. Before I do though, I just want to recognize that team, thank Hubert, Kenny and Panzy of note. Their leadership has gotten us to a great place. April has been amazing. Maybe Hubert, you can speak a moment on Golden Week, how it's kicked off. But over to you, Hubert. 
Zhi Qi Wang: All right. Thanks. I think that we look at the daily visitation to Macau, it has been steady on the rise month-after-month since January after travel restriction was lifted. In March, daily visitor counts averaged about 50% in the first quarter and April is already at 75% of 2019 level. So if you walk around the streets, you can already see the pre-COVID hustle and bustle in the atmosphere, has reemerged in Macau into the resort and the streets. 
 So we have seen similar pattern in terms of recovery, in terms of the daily GGR recovery, particularly in March and April and leading towards the Golden Week. We think that the market will continue to recover as more and more gaming customers and leisure travelers make their first post-pandemic trip to Macau. 
 Another source of recovery is the concerted efforts by concessionaires to attract overseas players. Now obviously, I think that MGM has led the market in a recovery pace. For example, our daily mass GGR has already exceeded 2019 level, as Bill noted. The trend continues to be into April at the elevated level. We're already -- in terms of mass, we're already 115% of 2019 mass level. 
Joseph Greff: Do you think you maintained the market share gains from the 1Q thus far in April? And one final one on that... 
Zhi Qi Wang: Yes. I think the market number was released yesterday, and we have seen the share being stable. 
William Hornbuckle: Joe, reflecting on my comments earlier, look, it's not lost on us. This is probably 10,000 rooms, give or take, left to open in Macau. And so arguably, that will have an impact. But I think the team's ability to drive high-end mass and into some VIP has been demonstrated. We're well over 90%, both in GGR and EBITDA in April. And the first couple of days of Golden Week, you've seen just under 0.25 million people hit the market. And we're getting more than our fair share of that. But we do recognize there's 10,000 rooms to go. 
Joseph Greff: Great. And then just one quick one here. I know I'm sort of going above my follow-up allotment of one question. If we adjust for normal VIP hold in Macau, what was that property level EBITDA performance? 
William Hornbuckle: Hubert? 
Zhi Qi Wang: I think it was $169 million EBITDA. 
Joseph Greff: It's $169 million with VIP hold, if we adjust that for normal VIP table hold property then? 
Zhi Qi Wang: Yes. 
William Hornbuckle: It's $14 million, Joe, is the answer. 
Operator: And the next question will be from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. 
Shaun Kelley: Congrats on the results and specifically the news out of Japan. So if I may, I just wanted to start with the Japan project. Bill, like, obviously, you've been working on this milestone for a long time. Can you help us think about key remaining milestones? And very specifically, when should investors start to prepare for capital commitments needing to go into the ground and maybe a little discussion about broad level plans around project financing for it? 
William Hornbuckle: Sure. I'll leave the last part to Jonathan, but let me kick it off. So obviously, the area development plan and the certification by the national government was the big outstanding item to get across the finish line, and that's just been accomplished. We have a land lease and we have various agreements with the municipality that we have to get done, presuming this next quarter those will get done. 
 That being said, we're looking to break ground either late this year or first part of next year. And it's between $4.5 million and $5 million -- not $5 million. I wish it was $5 million -- a 5-year build. It is probably going to open first quarter-ish, second quarter of 2030, so we've got some time to go. There's obviously a lot of work to be done. It's a manmade island in terms of borings. And so that's the general timing around it. On financing, Jonathan? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. We and our partners, Orix, will be putting together a bank financing for the project. That financing, that work has already been underway actually for some period of time. Our equity investments will begin in earnest in late 2024 and into 2025, really through 2027, at which point that we'll be tapping into this financing for the completion of the project. 
Shaun Kelley: Great. And then my follow-up, just to switch gears, would be in online. You gave some great color about some of the KPIs and how the GGR/NGR side is going. Could you just talk a little bit about the operating loss cadence as we move throughout the year? And can you reiterate the sort of joint contribution of around $150 million commitment for the full year? Is that still in play? Or does that need to be tweaked a little bit as we sit here today? 
William Hornbuckle: No, Shaun, I'm hoping not. Look, if you think about last year, I think about this year, obviously, football and investment into it with Super Bowl, March Madness, we opened 2 states. Actually, we came in a little under our own plan. And so we don't think we're going to have to put any more cash in of substance. We have one more [ caps ] call recently, and I think we're hopefully done. And so we look forward to the back half of this year, beginning to show some EBITDA. So nothing has changed, I think, to answer your question. 
Jonathan Halkyard: And I would just add under our plan, you mean under the investment that we anticipated, putting into the venture. And in terms of the pace, we do expect as we go through the year that we're going to be turning towards EBITDA profitability, and that we'll reach that during the second half of the year. 
Operator: The next question is from David Katz from Jefferies. 
David Katz: I wanted to just drill a little deeper on BetMGM, which obviously is going better than as planned, going very well. When we look at the partnership and think about the MGM database and its benefits to the BetMGM JV, in conjunction with those customers that are coming in through BetMGM right, both of which have added to the productivity here. I suppose the question we ponder with a lot of investors is, the bigger that gets, how does that arrangement work and sort itself out, et cetera? And I'm not asking when are you going to go back and make another offer. I'm really just trying to get a layer down. 
William Hornbuckle: Look, David, we're very excited about what's been created, obviously, to think after this amount of time, we could have a $2 billion top line business this year, which is showing all signs of profitability, is exciting for us. We have tens of thousands of customers that are driving, on an omnichannel basis, over $100 million a year back and forth. And so that part of the business is starting to click in and starting to work. 
 We have work to do on product. We need single wallet, single account to be really effective in places like Maryland, places like New Jersey, Pennsylvania and New York. So we've got some work to do on the sports product. Obviously, we're market-leading in gaming at 28% share. And so no one even comes close to that, but we're mindful that people are trying. So we're very focused on it. So I'm not going to have a precursor where we go with all of this. I think we're in great shape. We've got another couple of years to mature this business and see where it ends up. And then we'll take it from there. 
David Katz: Fair enough. If I can just follow on with a question about Macau and how we that or we might theorize how that revenue mix turns out, with one of the questions being how much direct VIP returns and, ultimately, what that mix and what that margin settles in at as we progress through this year? Any help there would be appreciated. 
William Hornbuckle: Yes. Hubert, why don't you handle the first part of that, and I'll try to do cleanup. 
Zhi Qi Wang: All right. So David, I think that the VIP component of total GI is probably around 15% of the total number. And in terms of margin, I think that we'll see a little bit higher margin on the direct premium business, probably around 13% to 15%, in that neighborhood. So Bill, anything to add? 
William Hornbuckle: Now David, look, obviously, we're leaning into mass. I think the way to look at the totality of the business, obviously, the junket operators were not cheap to do business with. I mean, they took a lot of the margin out of the business. The fact that now we're on our own doing this, there's a formula that suggests somewhere under 100% of former GGR levels, we could drive over 100% EBITDA. It's arguable when that's going to land 85% or 90% of total top line, but we do believe that. We think the business will settle in, in the mid-20s in terms of the margin business overall. 
 We do have a -- not unique, but we do have a special opportunity only because we've been at it 30 to 40 years in terms of driving and knowing customers and where they live in Malaysia and the rest of Asia. We just had a very significant group coming from Thailand that was driven by our branch office there. And so we think it's a net advantage. And we think ultimately, our margins would be better once they were given the nature of the junket business. 
David Katz: Okay. Fair enough. Nice quarter. 
Operator: And our next question is from Stephen Grambling from Morgan Stanley. 
Stephen Grambling: Sticking with the digital side, you referenced some of the aspirations to continue to expand worldwide. What are the criteria priorities that you're focused on or what deal breakers are there any potential partnership or transaction as we think global? And do you generally expect them to be more bolt-on deals? Or could you even contemplate something more transformational? 
William Hornbuckle: Well, for now, we've been looking to try to build a fundamentally strong business. So with LeoVegas, we saw a team we liked a lot. And frankly, the good news is 9 months later, we still do. We saw technology that lived in the cloud versus dot-net or something else of that nature, so a business that could grow and ultimately scale easily. We had 3 other pillars. We wanted to get into the content business, and it's interesting, with Push, they have several of the leading games in the world, in the context of things that they've created. So we're excited by that and ultimately, potentially transforming that and those games from digital to brick-and-mortar and vice versa. We think there's a long-term play there.
 We're interested in live dealer. There's nothing that suggests, given the nature of our business, that we should not be in that business. And so I think through LeoVegas, there's an opportunity to do that. LeoVegas, currently does live dealing now to a third-party, but I think it's a place we'd like to get to and ultimately, have our own sports betting technology as well for rest of world, take BetMGM aside from that discussion. 
 Look, we've looked at everything. I will continue to do so. There are some things that would be substantive out there. But it's too early to tell. I'm trying to build the business with the team there. Gary Fritz has been a big part of this. Obviously, he's the front, and with Gustaf and the team at LeoVegas, -- and so we're excited about where we are. We've got a ways to go. And it's one of these things, hopefully, 2 or 3 years from upon reflection, when we look back, we've built something meaningfully. 
Stephen Grambling: Makes sense. And maybe as a follow-up on the digital side in the U.S. In thinking through the march to positive EBITDA and beyond, we saw [ Sandro ], I think had profitability about a year ago and then ramped it a bit lumpy thereafter given the seasonality and mix of sports. Given your skew towards iGaming, how might the magnitude of that flip deposit EBITDA and then consistency, compare and contrast to maybe some of the peers? 
William Hornbuckle: I think you make a good point. Look, the second quarter last year for us showed a little bit of profit. If you may recall, the third quarter like everyone, we bounced into or bumped up to football, which is always a big promotional push at the beginning of football. I don't suspect that will change much. Obviously, there are a few players. We've all become a lot more disciplined. But I think it will be a little lumpy, but I think the bottom line will be going in. The second half of the year, we're going to show profitability in totality. And obviously, iGaming for us is a key thing, recognizing it's in 5 states, 6 states, of which 3 are meaningful for us. 
Operator: The next question will be from Brandt Montour from Barclays. 
Brandt Montour: I just wanted to follow up on Joe's first question about Las Vegas room rates and understanding that the weekend is driving most of it. But I was also curious if you're seeing any difference in pricing elasticity between the higher-end properties and the lower-end properties recently? 
Jonathan Halkyard: The growth for us has really been in the higher-end properties. I mean we think all our properties are higher end. But certainly, the luxury properties have seen more of the growth. Price elasticity, it's a tough concept to apply here since the properties like the Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, Aria have different customer segments in some ways from the ones say at Mandalay Bay or Luxor, Excalibur. And so we're attempting to drive price wherever we can at each of these properties. But I would say, in the general matter, the weekends are where we have greater pricing power and in the luxury properties. 
Brandt Montour: Okay. That's really helpful. And then one follow-up on Las Vegas. If you, Jonathan, might care to comment on the seasonality for Las Vegas this year, if you think it would be different than pre-COVID years? Anything you'd call out there? 
Jonathan Halkyard: I wouldn't say there's any difference in seasonality. If anything, just the strength of the event calendar and just the increased sophistication with which we're marketing to all of our segments, if anything, might reduce the seasonality that we face. We've already, on previous calls, called out the differences in 2023 against last year, with the first quarter and the fourth quarter, for different reasons, probably being a bit stronger year-over-year. But that's really not seasonality as much as just some idiosyncratic issues during this year and last. 
William Hornbuckle: In the fourth quarter, we'll see obviously Formula 1 for the foreseeable future. Time will tell how meaningful it ultimately is. There's estimates that will bring $1 billion to the Valley, which obviously we'll take more than our fair share of, hopefully. And then if you go back to '19, the Raiders had just gotten going, that games didn't start until 2020 in the middle of COVID. So that programming is consistent and extremely strong. So in the fourth quarter ought to look better than the average pre-'19. But time will tell, ultimately, where Formula 1, what it brings us. 
Operator: The next question is from Dan Politzer from Wells Fargo. 
Daniel Politzer: First, on Macau, how would you say that the margin should trend over time? I think last time you guys talked about high-20s as an exit rate for this year, but it seems like we're tracking above that. I know there was some benefit of hold in the quarter, but would you say you're fully ramped in terms of where you need to be and there should be a lot of leverage as we go forward? Or is there additional head count that you'd look to add? 
William Hornbuckle: Hubert, why don't you take it? 
Zhi Qi Wang: Yes. I think our growth remains the same. Our margin should be in the high-20s. There are a few things in favor of that, the further recovery of the mass driven market and also the continuous deployment of our incremental tables [ on the assumption ] of mass floor. So this will help to generate high-margin mass business. Some of the labor savings from COVID period will be permanent, particularly at management level. And we are also looking at some innovative games to further attract mass play. So these are the things that will be helpful. 
 But on the flip side, I think that we do know that the gaming tax increased 1% under the new concession contract. And I think some of the labor savings will be rectified through recruitment for understaffed situation. So in the second half of this year, I think that the labor costs will increase because we have to fill some vacancies to address service issues. But overall, I do believe that we will be able to maintain our margin in the high-20s. 
Daniel Politzer: Got it. And then just turning to New York. I think you mentioned about $2 billion of CapEx there. I know timing is kind of kind of a moving target here. But as you think about the cash that would come out and maybe the options to finance this through VICI, is there any flexibility there where you might be able to pull forward type of sale leaseback? Or is it you have to build it and then go forward to get an agreement in place? 
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. I think there is some flexibility. Not to speak for VICI, of course, but they are fantastic partners of ours. And as we plan for that project and think about the ways in which we will finance it and the best way to allocate our capital, doing a sale leaseback with VICI at some point certainly could make a lot of sense for us, and that's part of our planning. 
Operator: The next question is from Chad Beynon from Macquarie. 
Chad Beynon: On Slide 7 and 8 in the deck, you pointed out really strong slot handle and table drop, it looks like, in the regional market and in Vegas. Is there anything to talk about just in terms of additional detail within the segment's strength at the high end? Has that kind of continued as we've expected for the past couple of quarters? Any weakening at the low end or anything else to call out to kind of help frame out where the consumer is within your database? 
Corey Sanders: Yes. Chad, it's Corey here. Yes, we're seeing some really strong strength in our database, especially in our Gold Plus customers. Those are ones that may not be hosted but are around 400 plus, and those numbers are pretty significantly. We see not only their trips continuing to increase, but also their play continue to increase. And in most areas of our database, we're seeing increases in both trips and in spend. The one area where we may be seeing a little bit less is the younger customer. They're probably a little bit more impacted than anything we've seen, but nothing materially. 
William Hornbuckle: And then, Chad, maybe one final point, I'll be interested to see how this manifests itself over the next 3 to 6 months. With China reopening up, the one segment we still miss is the high-end Asian/Chinese gamer. And so time will tell. We've gotten about 80% of our visitation back from international play. But those players made up like 50% of the play, and particularly when you think about something like baccarat. And so I see it as an opportunity. I don't know how it manifests itself yet given policy, given capital restraints. but we do see it as something we're going to focus on trying to drive. 
Jonathan Halkyard: Final thing I'd add, Chad, around segmentation is we've now seen it, for a sufficient number of quarters, to say that it's a nice trend, which is just the return of our 65-plus players here in Las Vegas but, more importantly in the regions, their trips just steadily increasing each quarter for the last 3 or 4 quarters, age 65 plus. 
Chad Beynon: Okay. And then given the conclusion of the U.K. white paper, a market that you'll be in soon, it seems like a win for both the operators and responsible gaming, in general. Does anything change positively or negatively in terms of timing or just your expectations, your excitement, about that market and other global markets as you look to grow this digitally? 
William Hornbuckle: Yes, Chad. Look, we're excited that it's finally out. I don't think there was any harm in it. A matter of fact, to the contrary, I think it was a good piece in that legislation yet, but a good piece of overview. It's set up standards, obviously, for protecting folks. At the same time, it enabled and let VIP continue. And so there are some promotional opportunities. At one point, if you remember, there was a consideration that you would have to stop all of that activity. For us, I think with LeoVegas, potentially, the opportunity presents itself. We're now excited to go look at that market as a real market to push into and push on. And so I think bottom line, it was done responsibly. It was modified, I think, to a point of it does what it needs to accomplish, but still enables our businesses and others like it to continue to go forward progressively. 
Operator: And the next question is from Robin Farley from UBS. 
Robin Farley: Just wanted to ask about Japan, you laid out a time line, which was really helpful. I'm just wondering at what point does it become where you're committed in terms of the capital investment there? I know you mentioned potentially breaking ground later this year, but I assume somewhere in-between now and then, it becomes sort of where it's a full commitment. I'm just wondering in that time frame. 
William Hornbuckle: Yes, Robin. Look, I think at this point, we're fairly committed. The idea of going in reverse would be something hard to contemplate. We have to sign the land lease. And I think given the nature of that lease and given the other documents we have to sign with the government of the City of Osaka, they're definitive in nature, and therefore, we're paying out cash. And so within the next 3 months, it's just hard as it's ever going to get. And so we're going to go forward with some excitement from that. 
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. And just for my follow-up, I had a question on Vegas, in your slide, you break out the same-store Vegas casino revenue down, and I think it's the third consecutive quarter and I'm just wondering if this is -- and obviously, haven't hurt your profitability, of course, this year as the room revenue comes back so strongly. But I'm curious, when you look at that trend with the same-store gaming revenue, is this just kind of, do you think, like a resetting of -- there was a sort of COVID-driven strength and then it kind of resets and will grow again from there? So in other words, maybe there's another quarter where that declines and then we've kind of anniversaried that COVID bump and then it goes back to growth. So just how should we think about that? 
Jonathan Halkyard: The way to think about that is that the gross gaming revenue, we have net against that for rated players, these customer complementaries that we provide to them. And those are generally priced at retail. The largest portion of that are rooms, but there's certainly food and beverage as well. And the price of those as increased dramatically. Our ADR year-over-year grew 31%. So the cost, which has been assessed to that, and therefore reflected in the casino revenues, goes up. And so the demand for gaming in our business has never been higher across segments, but the cost of the rooms that we provide to these guests to earn those complementaries has gone up. 
 So the profit associated with it, the revenue and profit at the margin, is being monetized in our hotel and food and beverage operations and not as much in gaming. So the trick of it is, at the margin, is that we're making the right decisions about which customers and segments to have on property weekday and weekend to maximize profitability for the company. But I would not interpret that as any reduction of demand on the gaming side. 
Operator: And the next question is from John DeCree from CBRE. 
John DeCree: Maybe one, particularly in the regional U.S. markets on the nongaming spend that has been coming back really strong the last couple of quarters, obviously, a longer tail to the recovery. But curious if you could give us some insights into the consumer and that nongaming spend. How much is driven by price? Jonathan, I think you mentioned in your last response that the cost of, obviously, F&B and those types of things has gone up. But is it new customers coming back that you haven't seen in a while? Or are customers just opting to spend more on F&B? Is it timing with the opening of additional restaurants or additional hours in regional markets? How would you characterize the recovery in the nongaming spend? That's been so strong. 
Corey Sanders: Yes, John, this is Corey. I think last year in the first quarter, especially in our bigger boxes in the regionals, we were constrained on hotel rooms. And this quarter, we had full accessibility, both in Borgata and, as Bill mentioned, the brand-new Beau Rivage room. So we're seeing huge demand in the Beau Rivage rooms from current customers and new customers, but it's also driving a significant amount of hotel revenue and food and beverage revenue that would not have been there last year. 
John DeCree: Got it. Maybe revisiting a question from earlier or a comment about the Chinese or Asian gaming play potentially coming back to Las Vegas. Corey, I don't know if you're the best person, if you could kind of remind us how big was that business, I guess, pre-COVID? And then maybe in the context of Cosmo, if they had a good-size Asian gaming business as well, which is now a part of your portfolio that wasn't previously? Just to get a sense of how much more opportunity there could be if that customer does come back? 
Corey Sanders: Yes, John. So if we looked at Q1 of '19, that customer would have made up about 45% of our rated win at that time. They are currently about 25% -- 20% of that. So if that comes back, from that perspective, it's pretty meaningful. From a Cosmopolitan, they are pretty big in the international business and, in particular, the Far East and Korea are very strong markets for them. Their size is about 1/10 of what we do. 
William Hornbuckle: And John, if you think about baccarat back in '19, it's like $450 million top line. 
Operator: And the next question will be from Barry Jonas from Truist Securities. 
Barry Jonas: Yes, I was hoping I could get more color on the non-same-store components of Vegas. How is the Cosmo integration or ramp going relative to your expectations? And then for Mirage, to what extent have you been able to redirect revenues to your remaining properties? 
Corey Sanders: Yes. This is Corey. The Cosmopolitan operation is going extremely well. We're very happy with the results we're seeing there. The business is continuing to be strong. We are in the process now of finding when we will be converting them over to MGM Rewards. We will make sure, from a customer perspective and employee perspective, it will be a smooth transition. So more to come on that in upcoming quarters. 
 The Mirage is interesting. When we put up for sale, we started seeing customers starting to convert in income over to our other properties. So in general, obviously, there are pure Mirage customers that have stayed pure Mirage customers. But in general, we're happy with what we've been able to obtain in our business. 
Jonathan Halkyard: And as I kind of rewind the tape and look at the capital that we applied to the Cosmopolitan versus that which we freed up from the sale of the Mirage and the incremental EBITDAR, and more importantly, EBITDA, after rent associated with that, this has just been a fantastic set of transactions for MGM and the shareholders. 
Barry Jonas: That sounds great. And then just as a follow-up, can we get an update on your project in Dubai? I'm just curious if you think gaming will come at some point to Dubai or any of the other Emirates for that matter, beyond what's been announced by Wynn? 
William Hornbuckle: Yes, I'll take that one. Barry. As it relates to Dubai, we are still doing pylons. That property continues to evolve. We were the managers, but the owners yet again, want to upgrade the property, I think, with gaming in mind. But it's up to Abu Dhabi and the national government to ultimately decide. We have had people on the ground there basically nonstop since the first of the year, trying to understand the opportunity in Abu Dhabi and then ultimately, if it will open up. Well, if passed and when passed, it will open up to the other Emirates. Whether the rulers of each Emirate then take it upon themselves to approve it is, a, up to them. Obviously, we're focused on Dubai, given the niche of our projects. We think it would be ideal. There happens to be 150,000 to 200,000 square feet of space that could be converted into such a thing. 
 But time to tell there, and we're not saying no to Abu Dhabi either. We find both those markets, given the location of the airport right in-between both of them, as compelling. We're hoping "any day." But I got to believe as the summer fulfills itself, we'll hear more news on that. 
Operator: And our final question today will come from Steve Wieczynski from Stifel. 
Steven Wieczynski: It's obviously very late in the call. Most of my questions have been answered, but I'll just ask one. And this question might be way out there in left field, but I'm going to ask it anyway. So if we think about the impact that the Raiders, the Knights, have had on visitation to the city, you're now going to get the A's at some point probably in the near future. And we're talking about, let's call it, 81 home games or so and typically at slower visitation periods. It might be too early to know, but just wondering if you guys have thought about this at all and maybe what type of impact you might eventually see there? 
William Hornbuckle: We have. And obviously, given the location and the conversation of a pedestrian bridge from it to the park, which is obviously where T-Mobile sits, we think it could bring about 400,000 tourists a year to the Valley that wouldn't otherwise come. We think that's a reasonable number. That's a number that's been created by a bunch of folks looking at it. And so we think that part is accretive. 
 We're not a fan of any more tax dollars put into this. We yield the governor's position and assume that this will be done responsibly for the state and ultimately for Clark County. All that said, I, like you, believe it will happen and it will be accretive by the overall visitation. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Hornbuckle for any closing remarks. 
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, operator. I'll be quick. I know it's late. Again, I want to thank everyone for joining us. Just on my earlier comments, we couldn't be happier about the quarter and the progress that we've made on so many fronts. And again, I want to thank all of our employees, particularly this particular quarter, our Macau team for successfully launching. 
 I'm going to be participating with Jonathan in JPMorgan's forum in Toronto next month, and I'll be doing a couple of meetings with Deutsche Bank in New York as well. 
 I thank everyone for their time, and hope you all have a great evening. Hopefully, look forward to speaking to you guys in a couple of months. Thank you. 
Operator: And thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Jonathan Halkyard, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Hubert Wang, President and Chief Operating Officer of MGM China; and Andrew Chapman, Director of Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. Now I would like to turn the call over to Andrew Chapman. Please go ahead.
Andrew Chapman : Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the internet at investors.mgmresorts.com. We've also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation, which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Bill Hornbuckle.
Bill Hornbuckle : Thank you, Andrew, and thank you all for joining us today. I'm proud to announce that MGM Resorts International drove record fourth quarter adjusted property EBITDAR for Las Vegas and regional resorts. What's more, our full year Las Vegas Strip adjusted property EBITDAR increased by more than 80% year-over-year. These outstanding results are evidence of our focus on optimizing growth in our business and operations as well as our strategic vision of becoming the world's premier gaming entertainment company. These outcomes are also a testament to our employees who will go above and beyond every day to take care of our guests and create an amazing, great experiences, which drive loyalty among our customers. Our employees are true heroes of this story, and we need to be celebrated. I couldn't be proud of them for delivering these financial results alongside the steady improving guest and record employee satisfaction scores we are enjoying. As we look forward, we expect many of the drivers for our 2022 performance to continue into 2023. Importantly, we are well positioned on weathering a variety of environments, given the inherent long-term benefits of MGM's diverse portfolio. In fact, we have the most diverse offerings in the gaming space. And as such, we are a well-balanced organization that benefits from both scale and a host of premier brand offerings. This distinction -- the distinct pieces of our business that creates this diversification are number one, our number of nine Las Vegas Strip and eight regional domestic properties in the U.S. that cater to all market segments and produced consistently strong profitability; two, our two integrated resorts in Macau, the pre-pandemic generated EBITDAR of over $700 million and are just now beginning to see a very real return to profitability; three, our digital strategy with 50% ownership of BetMGM, one of the leading U.S. digital sports betting and gaming operators. BetMGM is the leader in what is financially the most important segment in the nation, iGaming, and is making overall progress towards its profitability. And our ownership of LeoVegas, which we're using to grow our digital business internationally and extend both MGM's brand and content reach. And ultimately, our balance sheet, allowing significant flexibility to invest in areas with the highest return on capital including New York, Japan, further expanding our digital footprint via LeoVegas and other substantive international opportunities we're pursuing in that space as well as funding and continued share repurchases. In fact, as you know, we have just announced that our Board approved another $2 billion repurchase program. Looking ahead, we see multiple opportunities for growth and momentum in our business, coupling these opportunities with a relentless focus on free cash flow per share, our operating model, our margin control and disciplined expense management, which we believe gives us a great confidence that our best days are ahead of us. Let me walk through the business case for '23, starting with our U.S. properties. First, we are encouraged by the early success of The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas as we migrate the business into MGM Resorts infrastructure. On an annualized basis, we have double-digit growth in revenue and EBITDAR compared to the reported 12-month period prior to the acquisition. We are already beginning to produce cross-property play with hundreds of high-end players from The Cosmopolitan database attending MGM Resorts customer events and driving millions and win at our other sister properties. This is a trend that we saw continued for the Lunar New Year celebration at our properties in Las Vegas, and we expect to expand to the mass market as we integrate MGM Rewards into The Cosmopolitan system. Next, we have a strong event calendar in Las Vegas. CES has a 115,000 attendees last month, up from 45,000 in 2022. CONEXPO and CON/AGG next month is setting up to be the best ever. And March Madness, Sweet Sixteen and the Elite 8 games are coming to Las Vegas. Together, the calendar in March is positioned to have us have the best hotel revenue month, we believe, in our history. Additionally, Formula 1 is expected to bring $1 billion in economic value to the city, which we believe we are the best positioned to take advantage of. Las Vegas also has Allegiant Stadium, which has brought 40 events and over 1.5 million visitors to Las Vegas in 2022 and is expected to bring even more visitors, even higher quality events in 2023, driving significant spend, particularly at our South end properties. Another tailwind is the ongoing growth in visitation. The LVCVA expects domestic flight growth capacity to reach 120% of 2019 in the first quarter of 2023, and international recover further with 80% of 2019 available seats. Harry Reid Airport hosted a record 52.6 million passengers in 2022. Outside of our domestic business, we also see tremendous opportunities for growth. Starting with China, fully stated Macau is back. As you well know, COVID restrictions impacted our Macau operations in 2022, causing an operational loss that negatively impacted our overall results. But we are experiencing a rebound in 2023 as our guests are returning in force just that they did in Las Vegas when restrictions were lifted here. In fact, quarter-to-date, we are excited to report that MGM China's combined properties are the highest earning businesses within our company. As part of the concession renewal process, we committed to bring nongaming entertainment events to Macau. Those events were strong drivers to visitation to our property during the Lunar New Year and at the end of January. We see these early results as validation and our confidence in Macau markets recovery and the long-term viability upon which we are retendering commitments were built. And unique to MGM China, we have secured 200 additional tables as part of our new gaming concession, which combined with our premier mass positioning, should allow us to drive market share into low to mid-teens. In fact, during the month of January, our market share was 16%, which compares to high single-digit market shares pre-pandemic. This outstanding performance was driven by the MGM Chinese team, strategic focus delivering full gaming floor renovation, a complete hotel product mix for our targeted customers various marketing efforts in producing strong nongaming events, shows and promotions plus our team's improvement in service levels and operational efficiencies. These collective efforts position us for a long-term growth story in Macau. We've also reason to be optimistic about the growth prospects of our business well into the remainder of this decade, especially in light of the two new gaming licenses that we hope to receive in the near future. We expect to submit our RFA in New York in the first half of this year, and we hope for response in the near future. One advantage we have over the competition in this market is our ability to add tables to our existing casino floor and thus incremental tax revenue for the state almost instantly once approved for license. We expect to spend about two bed in New York inclusive of the license fee. We will fine-tune our program and planning. But right now, we're expecting extensive property improvements such as a significant entertainment offering, new food and beverage opportunities, covered parking and an overall increase in the casino floor space. As you may recall, we also submitted our RFP in Japan for an integrated resort license to operate in Osaka approximately 10 months ago. Unfortunately, I'm still waiting for the response from the government, but we are being patient and believe we will hear so soon. MGM Resorts has presented a compelling offer with our partner, ORIX, to develop an integrated resort, which will develop international tourism and growth to that region. We're extremely excited for the ROI opportunity in a market in which we may be the sole operator for some time in the future. Each of the projects I just mentioned are expected to generate returns well above our current free cash flow yield. These are all future capital investment decisions, we weighed upon that same standard. In closing, 2022 was a phenomenal year for MGM Resorts, and we're confident we will see progress into 2023 and beyond.  With that, I'll turn this over to Jon for more color on the fourth quarter and the year.
Jonathan Halkyard : Thanks very much, Bill. Before I dig into the financial results, let me also thank my colleagues here at MGM Resorts for an outstanding quarter and a truly amazing year. I'll now share with you some of the exceptional financial results that we achieved. Las Vegas Strip same-store revenues, and so that's excluding The Cosmopolitan and The Mirage, grew 11% and adjusted property EBITDAR grew 6% in the fourth quarter compared with last year. Fourth quarter occupancy of 91% was up 500 basis points year-over-year and ADR was $260 in the fourth quarter, which grew 30% over last year. Several volume metrics for us set records as well as our Las Vegas slot handle set its seventh consecutive quarterly record in the fourth quarter. Demand in Las Vegas remains strong across all segments, driven by our exceptional entertainment offerings and other customer demand drivers. The strength continued into January, where occupancy was 90% and rooms booked during the month were on record pace with rates up double digits to last year. In the regions, fourth quarter revenues grew 10% and adjusted property EBITDAR grew 3% year-over-year. While EBITDAR was down 1% versus the third quarter, this sequential decline is in line with normal seasonality for the fourth quarter. Importantly, labor expense as a percentage of revenues was flat sequentially and our current headcount remains approximately 20% below 2019 levels, all while we achieved historic highs in NPS and other indicative customer satisfaction. In the fourth quarter, corporate expense, excluding stock compensation, was $113 million, which includes $5 million related to MGM China, global development costs of $6 million and transaction costs of $2 million. Going forward, we expect corporate expense for the full year 2023 to be approximately $380 million to $400 million, a decrease of approximately $30 million to $50 million from 2022. Included in MGM's corporate expense this year is $44 million for MGM China and approximately $37 million in anticipated development expense related to Japan and New York. We intend to invest approximately $800 million in domestic CapEx in 2023, and this compares to the $727 million in CapEx invested in 2022. Maintenance capital will be approximately $600 million of this spend this year. And this year, it includes room remodels in the Bellagio Spa Tower, Borgata's Water Club and the completion of our New York-New York room renovation. Since 2019, we've reduced the average age of our room since renovation by roughly 3.5 years, and our room age will continue to decrease over the coming years as we refresh our room offerings. The remaining CapEx in 2023 is growth capital, projects that include the Mandalay Bay Convention Center remodel, a new pedestrian bridge connecting The Cosmopolitan to Vdara and investments in technology to drive better customer experience, ease and engagement. Finally, on the development front, we expect to contribute $70 million -- $75 million to BetMGM in 2023 and the only material investment in New York this year will be the $500 million license fee, depending upon the timing of the license awards. I'll conclude with just a few comments on our strategy for capital allocation. First and foremost, we'll maintain a strong balance sheet by sustaining adequate liquidity for our enterprise. And as you can see in the presentation that we posted today, we concluded 2022 with $5.3 billion of domestic cash against domestic debt of $4.5 billion. Our resources this year were bolstered by the disposition of The Mirage in December for $850 million in net cash proceeds after tax. Next week, we expect to close on the sale of the Gold Strike in Tunica, which will be in $350 million in net proceeds after tax. Next, we'll prioritize capital investment to deliver the highest return for our shareholders. Our acquisition of The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas expanded our reach into the high end of the Las Vegas market. Our acquisition of LeoVegas jump-started our international iGaming strategy. Our new President of Interactive, Gary Fritz and his team are evaluating a number of opportunities in this area, and our shareholders should expect that we'll be deploying more capital to grow the MGM brand internationally in iGaming and in digital content development. And finally, we're going to return capital to shareholders. During 2022, we repurchased 76 million shares for $2.8 billion. Since the beginning of 2021 through yesterday, we've repurchased $124 million for a total of $4.7 billion and have reduced our share count to 375 million shares. And we're not done. As Bill mentioned, our Board of Directors yesterday approved an additional $2 billion share repurchase program. In evaluating our share repurchase strategy, I consider a number of factors, including the liquidity profile of the company as well as the development and M&A opportunities that are before us. But I also consider the free cash flow yield available in our own shares.  So as I conclude, consider the following: adjusted property EBITDAR from Las Vegas last year was approximately $3.1 billion and from our regional operations was $1.3 billion. From that, we had adjusted domestic corporate expense of $400 million and cash rent of $1.7 billion on an annualized basis. Consolidated cash interest was $574 million, but that includes $205 million related to MGM China. And cash taxes and domestic CapEx totaled about $750 million. But our company also has significant reservoirs of value that did not contribute cash earnings in 2022. This includes excess cash of over $2.5 billion; our ownership position in MGM China, which yesterday had an approximate value of $2.6 billion; and of course, our stake in BetMGM. It's a lot of numbers, but when taking all of this into account, I see a double-digit yield opportunity in our shares, which is why I see share repurchases as a responsible and accretive use of our capital. Bill, back to you.
Bill Hornbuckle : Thanks, Jonathan. I hope the comments that -- you've conveyed the excitement that we all have towards our business this year and ultimately beyond. In all my time with the company, I've never been more excited about our present and future as I am right now. I think we're stronger, more agile, more focused and more determined than ever to win. And with that, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Our next question then will be from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley : Thank you for all the detail and color. So a lot of different places we could start, but I want to start with a high-level, strategic one. Jonathan, you ended on walking through a really robust liquidity position, still a lot of cash on the balance sheet that's either collecting interest at a better yield than before, but not a huge yield. So the question we get all the time remains kind of that ownership interest in upping the stake in maybe one of those areas that you discussed, BetMGM being the big one. And obviously, we know there's a partner there, but if you could give us your latest thoughts around the strategic value there and how you fold that in with your comments around maybe a more organic or stand-alone international online expansion?
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, Shaun, for the question. And I'll just step in and kind of give the first part of it because I think it's time to be definitive and give a little direction. The simple answer on Entain is no, we've moved on. While we remain highly focused on BetMGM's business through our partnership with Entain and making sure that, that business continues to grow, we see great potential in LeoVegas expansion capabilities. I've said before, we like their technology platform and their leadership team. We're also interested in the content studio business, we think there's a real play there. We've seen that proven effective with brand when we combine great product in our brands at BetMGM. And over time, we like the live dealer business and the expansion of other global markets and frankly, and directly under our own purview. So for now, the answer is no, not within Entain. We're going to go down our own direction, and we begin to allocate capital. We think Gary Fritz has got the right motive, the right drive and the right person to help us lead this forward. We value the relationship with Entain. We value BetMGM. But as it comes to rest of the world, we're going to move forward with a different proposition.
Jonathan Halkyard : And Shaun, just a couple of comments, the broad strokes around capital allocation as we look forward. We do have a maturity in March, $1.25 billion at 6%. So present plan is to, of course, redeem those bonds and that will capture about $75 million of free cash flow for the business. We were active share repurchases just in the past three quarters. We spent almost $2 billion at a price of about $33 to $34. So we'll continue to be repurchasers of our shares, but we'll moderate that depending upon market conditions. And then, of course, funding what Bill described, which is our interactive ambitions, which will be predominantly through M&A but we're reserving a significant amount of capital for those activities as well.
Shaun Kelley : And I'll -- I don't want to be greedy with my time here, but just the follow-up to stay on the same theme then, Jonathan, you directly hit it kind of M&A. Or could you just give us some parameters around are we thinking more bolt-on options? Or are there still platform-level investments that could be made to drive up and expand that opportunity to be meaningful to the base business?
Bill Hornbuckle: It's a combination thereof. When you talk studio business or even live dealer, the technology aspect of that is on our scale, relatively de minimis. When you talk about stepping up to other marketplaces, whether it's South America over time or rest of Europe, we'll have to take a different view on that as these opportunities unfold. But for now, it's more bolt-on and relatively small.
Operator: And for the next question, we'll move back to the line of Joe Greff from JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff : Can you hear me okay now?
Bill Hornbuckle: Hi, Joe.
Joseph Greff : All right. Nice speaking with you. In Las Vegas, can you talk about how you're thinking about FTE count and payroll expenses and how they'll trend this year? Maybe you could break it up between both sort of on a same FTE basis as well as just wages. And what kind of revenue growth do you need to offset wage expense growth in Las Vegas? I’ve got another one.
Bill Hornbuckle: I will open it and I'll kick it to Corey. If you go back and you look at FTEs, particularly in Las Vegas against 2019, we're down anywhere from 12% to 15%, depending on the property. Obviously, wage inflation since '19 has crept. And just so we're all on the same page, looking forward, we have substantive labor negotiations later this year with about 28,000 of our colleagues, which we're going to have to contend with and work our way through. And so Corey, maybe the second part of it, just scale...
Corey Sanders : I think from the standpoint of levels of FTEs, from a fixed cost perspective, there will be no increases. It will all be on variable. So if there's additional catering and banquet business, it would match that revenue component of it. But I think we're pretty comfortable that we could service our properties, service our guests at the levels we're at today. And then I don't know, Jonathan, if you want to take the revenue.
Jonathan Halkyard : Yes, I think on the revenue growth side, if we're running now with occupancies that are basically full on the weekends. There's a bit of room during the weekdays. So really, it will need to come through pricing as opposed to occupancy gains largely in Las Vegas. And I think if that's in the low single digits, we should be able to cover any increases in payroll adequately.
Bill Hornbuckle: I mean, overall, I think we think our margins are going to sustain is really the guide, I think the answer to that.
Joseph Greff : And then Bill, we're dealing with another earnings call and release today as well, so I want to make sure I understood your comment -- your prepared comments you talked about Macau being back that in the month of January, it led the company in profitability or something along those lines. Can you just explain that? Or give a little bit more detail on that?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, I can put a little color around it, and then we have Hubert on the line, these guys have worked hard at this for three years. So I'll let him talk a little bit about the business. But look, the rebound was, interestingly come January 8, fairly instant. I think we peaked during Chinese New Year, making a little over 5 million a day. I mentioned in my prepared comments, 16% share. And for us, for all the reasons I mentioned, our mass piece, volumes were 100% over our '19 levels. Now we're talking about a whopping 30 days here. But for the company, particularly from where we have come from, we activated 150 to 200 new tables we have. We're very excited about what's happened in the first 30 days. And so Hubert, maybe any other color would be helpful.
Hubert Wang : Sure. Thanks, Bill. Thanks, Joe, for the question. For -- since the beginning of the year, I think the market has been growing back and has exceeded the expectations of many participants and observers. For us, in January, on the gaming side, we have seen very healthy, above the market average recovery in both mass and direct VIP segments. And for the month of January, as Bill has mentioned, our market share reached 16%, which is a record high for us. Our daily mass GGR was on par with the 2019 level for the month of January during Chinese New Year, far exceeded last year's Chinese New Year level actually. And we are also encouraged to see that direct VIP segment in terms of rolling volume far exceeded 2019 level as well. It is also very encouraging to see that January run rate extend into the first week of February so far. So all in all, we are very confident in a solid and sustainable recovery of Macau market this year and beyond.
Operator: The next question will be from David Katz from Jefferies.
Cassandra Lee : This is Cassandra on David's behalf. I want to expand on Macau's margin longer term. As we think about the shift in VIP mix from junket to direct, I believe your competitors have also called out increased labor costs and some labor shortage and increased utility. So how should we think about the margins in Macau longer term? A - Bill Hornbuckle  Well, again, I'll kick this to you, but my only initial comment is -- I believe everyone knows this, the junket business, I mean, when it was all said and done, it was a 20% margin business. And so while there was a great deal of volume in that business and we all -- was accretive to us and obviously, a vehicle for capital into the market, it didn't help the margin, I can assure you. So over, I don't know if you want to talk about more generally what you think will happen there. But I do like where we're positioned for VIP, Mass VIP. Remembering our branch environment and system is broader than almost anybody else is in the market. We've been doing it for 30 years into Las Vegas, and we've now taken that network and put it to work directly to the benefit of Macau. Hubert?
Hubert Wang : Yes. I think that in terms of margins, I think that we expect in this year and beyond, probably we'll at the high end of -- in the 20s, but in the higher side of the 20s. And in terms of junket to direct, certainly, there are some conversion in that space, but it's really too early to give you any concrete numbers. But from the strength we have observed in January and Chinese New Year in our direct business, I think that we're still very confident in the growth of the direct business and particularly given the wide network of MGM Resorts in terms of global reach of high-end customers.
Cassandra Lee : Great. And for the follow-up, if I may shift here on Las Vegas. There were a lot of very bullish or favorable commentaries. The ADR has been substantially higher than pre-COVID levels. Do you think that is sustainable? And looking beyond '23 and especially if we're thinking about a recession, how resilient do you think that ADR should be?
Corey Sanders : Yes, this is Corey. Yes, I think it's sustainable. As we look at the event calendars on weekends and our forward-looking pacing and what we're booking rates at now, we have pretty good visibility further out. On the midweek, we see our -- not only our convention business getting better, but the whole city's convention business getting better. So the pricing that we're seeing today, we should be able to sustain, given where the economy is today.
Operator: The next question is from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli : Just looking at some of the disclosure in Las Vegas and trying to decipher what is kind of the delta between gaming revenue and your net casino revenue has widened in the last few quarters. I'm assuming that is kind of all mix related with Cosmo coming online? And is that kind of a range, that delta, that pretty much will hold firm moving forward?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, Carlos, hi, Bill, I think the answer to the question is yes. We got a -- we needed to through COVID because obviously, the group segment of note went away. Very active with our casino market, entertained marketing database, personalization and other things we might do in that sector, and we've sustained it. And so it's helped that tremendously. Obviously, now convention business is going to come back and carryout 18%, 19% of our mix this year. But I think it is sustainable is the way to think about the business.
Carlo Santarelli : Great. And then, Corey, just on that, on the topic of convention mix, you made a comment earlier, I believe that the bookings that were done, were done at double digits. If you look at kind of the entirety of the group business on the books or the targeted group business on the books from a pricing perspective, how does that look year-over-year or relative to 2019, however, you guys kind of want to think about it?
Corey Sanders : Yes, I think -- look, many of those contracts were in place over 2019, 2020. I think they have price escalators in there. It's probably an area of opportunity for us in the future as we look at future convention bookings. But just as a reminder, it's 18% of our business. The new business is getting booked based on where rates are today.
Carlo Santarelli : Okay. And do you believe, like when you think about it overall, just that taking the pricing aside, thinking about the visibility that it provides you do you believe as you look through 2023, all things equal economically and from a macro perspective that there should be pricing power year-over-year on a same-store basis?
Corey Sanders : Yes. I think there should be some pricing power based on the amounts we have on the book and the foundation we have in our bookings.
Bill Hornbuckle: And remember, Carlo, one thing we have strategically decided to do is push more business out of weekends and back into midweek. And so that has an overall play in ADR. Obviously, it brings down the convention ADR, but it raises the overall company's ADR because it gives us more opportunity we where we see, frankly, and continue to see real upside, particularly in the luxury segment, across Cosmo, MGM, Mandalay, Aria, Bellagio.
Operator: The next question is from Stephen Grambling from Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Grambling : Maybe turning to Japan, that was another one that you referenced is still out there. You're waiting on some approval but still looking for a return that's above it sounds like your free cash flow yield. Wondering if you could just elaborate on any of your updated expectations for that market and anything that's either evolved from the terms of the transaction, even the timing of when construction could start and when the proper to be coming out of the ground..
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. Steve, we got to be a little careful because some of this is NDA with the government, et cetera. But having said that, we had hoped to hear in October. Obviously, we sit here now in February not having heard. The process lies today with MLIT, the government agency that is going through and consistently asking us questions about the project, about the contract with the government of Osaka, et cetera. Time to tell whether we get through that efficiently over the next 30 days. We would like to think and believe we might, but we've been thinking that for a while now. As it relates to macro, look, I'm excited to think that we may be the only player. And so instead of a market of 19 million people, we're talking about a much larger market. Having taken the journey many times from Tokyo, it's only 2.5 hours away by high-speed train, et cetera, so we see upside. Inflation has not hit Japan like it's in other places, and particularly for us, at our end of the partnership, the value of the yen has gone tremendously in our favor, but we're still looking at a $10 billion project. We're looking at a return on that project, we think can bring 15% plus in cash flow and then maybe then some, but it has to mature. And overall timing, the goal was -- now we're going to be challenged with that if we don't hear soon to get this thing open before the decade close in 2029. But since -- there's a bridge to getting there.
Stephen Grambling : That's helpful. And maybe a follow-up on BetMGM, just to make sure I understand you correctly. I guess, are you anticipating far out, but any additional capital being put into that JV beyond this year, given the targets for kind of profitability or standalone at this point?
Bill Hornbuckle: No, none substantively. If BetMGM gets into the M&A business for some particular product, maybe. But generally, no. It's the $50-odd million, I think we've -- well, collectively, but call it, our $35 million or $45 million we've identified. It gives us every reason to believe it should hit its target this year, starting to make profitability in the second half of the year. We all have to be rational players. There is growth left. There are six additional states yet to go that have been identified. But no, there's no large-scale capital. That business should begin to mend and take care of itself.
Operator: Next question is from Chad Beynon from Macquarie.
Chad Beynon : Bill, Jonathan, another one on Vegas, just given your diverse portfolio with luxury and core. Can you just kind of help us think about broadly how these segments compared to against each other in '22? Bill, I think you said obviously, a lot of the group events and the city-wides in '23, just those compression nights should help probably a little bit more in luxury, but just trying to see -- I know you're not breaking it out, but kind of where the -- which way the wave is moving luxury and core.
Bill Hornbuckle: I think Corey you're best...
Corey Sanders : Yes. In 2022, the majority of the growth here in Las Vegas was driven by the Bellagio, Aria, Cosmopolitan and the MGM Grand. Mandalay Bay had a fantastic year as they, of course, capitalized on the return of the group business to Las Vegas. I mean in the fourth quarter, just as an example, our group room nights were up about 50% versus the fourth quarter of 2021. So it certainly has skewed to the luxury properties. But I will tell you, from a portfolio strategy perspective, all of these properties here in Las Vegas are really important role players. We've invested some capital in the Luxor in the last year. We just -- we're doing the rooms in New York-New York right now. And those businesses, we expect, are going to be very solid cash flow generators over the next several years. But no question, the growth is coming from the luxury segment.
Chad Beynon : And then can you just talk a little bit more about the omnichannel opportunities with driving your players from BetMGM back to Las Vegas, given it's probably one of the more important years of your players wanting to come out and see some of the events, kind of where that stands now and how that should progress in '23?
Bill Hornbuckle: So I think simple answer is more. And when I say that in the context, it's now becoming thousands of players that have obviously touch both brands. It's interesting. The combination of the two, the players spend about 40% more. Now that's kind of intuitive but 40% more is interesting. The other thing that plays to the events, whether it's sports or otherwise, sporting events, is that 85% of the players are under 49 years old. And so that network and that combination is bringing us a younger player, bringing us people who have to date have the propensity to spend more when combined with both brick-and-mortar and digital activity. And we're now reaching thousands of them coming in. We've set up fairly elaborate CRM systems, both at BetMGM and ultimately, a hosting program here that captures them. And so there's one-to-one dialogue about certain VIP players and what their needs, wants and desires are. And so we've treated that network like we would treat any of our branch offices, if you will, when the phone rings and they have somebody of substance, we're set up to take care of them. So excited by it. We need over time to automate it more, so that there's true connectivity between BetMGM and its loyalty system and ultimately MGM Rewards system. But for now, focused on the high end between the spend, the use and the numbers, all pretty exciting.
Operator: The next question is from Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin Farley : I wanted to ask a little bit about -- you showed the breakdown of same-store gaming revenue in Vegas being down about 10%. And I think it was down a little bit in Q3 as well. I wonder if you could give us some sort of color on what's happening with the gaming consumer in the last two quarters. Is that kind of fewer trips year-over-year because there are more options in the world? Or is it just lower spend per trip? Or kind of what do you think is driving that in the last few quarters?
Jonathan Halkyard : No. We've seen same-store handle and drop and win growing modestly in Las Vegas. Although there's no question, the majority of the growth that we've seen in this quarter on a same-store basis, it's been on the hotel side. So the gaming customer is healthy here in Las Vegas, the -- it is driven mostly by our higher-value gaming customers, but it's very healthy on a same-store basis.
Robin Farley : With -- are the declines -- just to sort -- Jon, you're saying it's coming from the higher-end gaming player? Or you mean they're holding up, it's the sort of broader market player where the with the same-store decline?
Jonathan Halkyard : No, we're -- what I'm talking about our slot handle and table game drop and and slot win and table game win increasing.
Robin Farley : Okay. I was looking at your slide showing casino revenues down 10% on a same-store basis in Q4. Kind of know there were some properties and in properties out, but I was just using the number from your slide.
Jonathan Halkyard : Yes, some of that will be on a net basis after accounting for the cost of hotel rooms that are comped against those players. And so that is having an impact on what we're describing is that gaming revenue. But in terms of the way I consider the health of the gaming customer is to look at the volume metrics and the gross gaming revenue, which are growing on a same-store basis. Does that make sense, Robin? That's kind of when I think about what the behavior of these customers actually is, it's on the gross basis.
Robin Farley : Okay. Okay. I was just trying to clarify that number, that's helpful. Also, I was just curious, given obviously the strength of your liquidity and cash position and what you have going, why suspend the dividend? And I realize it was a small dividend only remaining at this point. But I'm just curious why suspend that when you -- liquidity is certainly not the issue?
Jonathan Halkyard : Yes, it's not. It was really an administrative issue. It was burdensome. It was complex. And that measured against the size of the of the dividend itself, which was de minimis and just how much capital we've returned, and we expect to continue to return through the form of share repurchases. We just felt that it was a practice that we did not need to continue. That doesn't mean that we wouldn't reconsider it or our Board wouldn't reconsider it at some point, and in so doing, would make it a more substantial dividend than a de minimis dividend, but it was mostly an administrative solve.
Operator: The next question is from John DeCree from CBRE.
John DeCree : Maybe just, Jonathan, a quick follow-up on Robin's question regarding casino revenues. So just to clarify, with the higher ADR now essentially the dollar amount that you need to net against casino revenue is what's causing that kind of accounting decline?
Jonathan Halkyard : Yes. That is the major issue that -- that's the major dynamic which is causing this topic that we are talking about. And it's not just ADR, but also the size of the casino segment generally.
John DeCree : Okay. Understood. Thank you for that additional clarity. Maybe just for a follow-up question. Bigger picture, I think it was pretty clear as to where you target growth investments, digital international, but the last 24 months or so, you've moved a lot of chairs and upgraded the asset base in Las Vegas and opportunistically, I think, divested Gold Strike. Curious if you could give us some comments on how you feel about the domestic portfolio today, both regionally and in Las Vegas? And if there's potential opportunities you'd consider, more on the M&A side? And we kind of know plans in New York and if other big markets were to open. But on the M&A front, either buy or sell, anything that you'd think about doing or might make sense.
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, let me kick it off. A, I think, particularly after the moves that we've made, we've truly enjoyed the portfolio we have. In terms of Las Vegas, obviously, we own 40-odd percent of this marketplace, and we love the properties that we have here. We love the positioning. And what's happened at the south end of the strip, particularly via Allegiant has been productive. When it comes to our regionals, obviously, we're in a different regional game in most of our markets, A, whether it's Detroit, Atlantic City or Mississippi, we lead in a big fashion. We're market leaders there. We tend to want to do that and try to tie out the product offering, integrated resort to integrated resort. We just think there's an opportunity to get the right kind of customers to transition to Las Vegas and otherwise. I would never say never on any M&A acquisition. There's always, I suspect an asset here or there that might be of interest, but I don't think we have any immediate designs or plans on anything substantive sitting here today. I think our growth will come through the development opportunities we've defined, through the digital opportunities that we have defined to date and are going to seek. And yes, we've always got an eye and an ear open, but there's nothing specific that -- nor would I actually tell you if there was.
John DeCree : Fair enough. Fair enough. Just engaging the strategy. Appreciate it, Bill.
Operator: And the next question is from Barry Jonas from Truist.
Barry Jonas : Guys, given the strong strip outlook for '23, is the high end of that 400 basis point to 600 basis point margin expansion, the right place to think about how the year could shake out? Or could you still go higher? And then just with that, can you remind me what the starting point is here? Is it the reported pre-COVID 2019 number or based on sort of a pro forma portfolio?
Jonathan Halkyard : Yes, when we use that 400 basis points to 600 basis points sustainable margin improvement, we're referencing the 2019 year. So we're not trying to adjust it for acquisitions or dispositions just because we're getting pretty far back in the past at that point. We're very comfortable that for across all of our domestic properties that we can be within that range or possibly exceed it. And exceeding it will be driven mostly by our -- the pricing environment. but we're comfortable with that and that compares to 2019.
Barry Jonas : Great. Great. And then just a follow-up. I think iGaming, we're hearing that the industry is taking more of a push. I'm curious how you think about the impact that iGaming is having on land-based gaming. Not sure if you're able to quantify what you've seen more recently and say, Michigan, but you could -- can you help us understand some of the puts and takes with what would seem to be some cannibalization threat?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, I'll take that. Obviously, in Michigan, to your point, is the best example where we have market-leading brick-and-mortar, and we have obviously a market-leading digital. The digital business now has outsurpassed the brick-and-mortar by about 25%-ish. They're both doing well over 300 million GGR. Digital is approaching almost 400 million in GGR. It's an interesting market when you look at it because it's gone through smoking and nonsmoking. COVID lasted longer there in terms of its policies than anywhere else. I will tell you, there was some concern early in the middle part of last year. The last three months in Detroit, now that we've come off of most of those COVID restrictions, we've made allocations for smoking and some smoking opportunities for customers who still want to do that. Our numbers have not only stabilized, but it continued to grow in Detroit. So while it's obvious that there's a subset amount of play going on in digital, the chance to connect that with brick-and-mortar and ultimately reward and recognize. And simple things like bonusing or jackpots that I leave -- that I'm playing at home, I can come pick up in the brick-and-mortar where I left off as a player and have a contiguous experience is things that we're highly focused on. And so we think it's been a great opportunity. We think it can continue to be one. And we are -- we've seen nothing -- Michigan, we have the best laboratory in that. Michigan gives us confidence that going forward, we can replicate some of that in any of these other states, I think we'll be in great shape.
Operator: The next question is Steve Wieczynski from Stifel.
Steven Wieczynski : So actually I want to ask about your regional assets. And obviously, there's a fear out there in the investment world that at some point, some of these consumers could start to slow down. And we've heard from a lot of your peers so far that there really hasn't been any softness as of yet. And I just want to understand, have you guys seen the same fundamentals there, meaning no real weakening? And then also, margins were impacted by the inclusion of nongaming amenities in the quarter. I'm just wondering, how much more of that potential margin headwind could those present going forward?
Bill Hornbuckle: So let me take the top end of that and Corey, you can speak to the margins. We have several different kinds of regional properties. And so Maryland this year had an all-time record and then some. It was fantastic. We always dream at that property making over $300 million, and it did. And I know I'm getting dirty looks some of my folks, but -- and it did. Atlantic City, given all of the competitive set and the reawakening of Hard Rock and what happened with Oceans, it's a highly competitive market, and we're holding our own and that property continues to do the same kind of EBITDA. It's done traditionally no matter where the marketplace has been. It's kind of interesting. Detroit, as I just mentioned, continues to do well. We saw a little softening with Empire as it came out of COVID. Springfield has enhanced and been improving. Look, obviously, it will be the place that I think any major recession activity shows. But I will say, to date, particularly up until and through January, we haven't seen it. So Corey...
Corey Sanders : Yes. On the other regional properties, mainly in the third quarter, we increased on many of our nongaming amenities. And I think we're to the level where we're comfortable with what we have for our guests. So from an additional margin impact on that, I don't think there's much there. And then just on the business. December had a little bit of softness, as Bill mentioned, but what we're seeing in January and February so far as all of our regional markets are performing extremely up.
Steven Wieczynski : Got you. Good to hear. And then second question real quick, and it's more of a follow-up here. But going back to Macau, it sounds like, Bill, I think you said -- or Hubert said this, you were doing about 5 million a day during Chinese New Year. And again, I'm not sure if this was you, Bill or Hubert, but did I hear you say that even after Chinese New Year, which, look, I know it's only, let's call it, 7 days or so, but you're still somewhere in that ballpark?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, it was me. I said 5 million during Chinese New Year, but no -- but we are at a great pace and a great place. And so no, but that's extreme. Having said that, it's still very profitable, and this last -- it's been 5 days or 6 days, whatever it's been, but it's been good. And so -- but no, I mean, Chinese New Year is one -- it's a unique environment, it happens once a year.
Steven Wieczynski : Okay. Yes, I was just making sure I was not going to...
Bill Hornbuckle: Don't do 5 million a day times 365.
Steven Wieczynski : It's already done. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question will be from Dan Politzer from Wells Fargo.
Daniel Politzer : So first question, just on Macau. It's a two-part question. The 16% share you guys called out, to what extent do you think that's sustainable? And if you can maybe parse that out, how much of that step-up has been driven from growth in mass or premium mass or direct VIP versus pre-COVID. And then that quarter-to-date comment about the MGM China properties, the highest earning business in the company. I mean should I -- if I kind of go back and piece together some math, should I interpret that that they're pacing well over $100 million of EBITDA for the first quarter?
Bill Hornbuckle: No, no. For the month. Not the quarter, for the month. So you could think about it -- if we put them together, it would be the highest EBITDA property we had for the month in our system. Way to think about it. And so Hubert, you can kick in here. Obviously, you're living this every day on the continuity of going forward.
Hubert Wang : Yes, Dan, in terms of the market share question you asked, it's too early, but to give you a definitive answer or whether it's sustainable or not, but they are the things that ahead of us because as you know, we have additional tables, almost 200 additional tables. And we haven't fully deployed all these tables yet. We're in the process of doing that, along with some casino floor reconfiguration. So we plan to deploy all these tables by the end of first quarter. And I think that, that's number one. Number 2 is that in the retendering commitment in terms of investment, we also have a lot of, I think, earning accretive projects. And I think that these offerings that will drive additional traffic. I mean just to give you some color on the nongaming side for Chinese New Year, I mean, our own occupancy approached 100% and our restaurant covers actually exceeded 2019 Chinese New Year level. And a lot of that was because of all the nongaming events and concerts that do a lot of incremental visitors to us. And we're also seeing a longer stay by our hotel customers. I think that as we invest more in these nongaming amenities, well, that will help with our market share growth down the road or sustain at that level.
Daniel Politzer : Got it. And then just for my follow-up, this is for Jon. On the pace of buybacks, obviously, you have the new $2 billion authorization, I mean, it sounds like trends are very stable, if not outright encouraging. I mean to what extent would you feel more comfortable giving kind of a quarterly pace of buybacks. And then also, I think it was last quarter or maybe a couple of quarters ago, you mentioned kind of a decelerating pace of buybacks. So given the outlook on Vegas, is there kind of a run rate we can think about here?
Jonathan Halkyard : I don't want to give a quarterly pace. I do think you can look at our pace over the preceding four quarters. I think we actually did a bit more in the fourth quarter than we did in the third quarter. And so all I would say is that we have a healthy authorization from our Board. I hope I was able to communicate during the prepared remarks, the value we see in the shares. And despite all of the opportunities we have before us, the liquidity position the company has is going to allow us to continue to be an active share repurchaser. Beyond that, Dan, I just don't want to give any more specific outlook.
Operator: And our final question will be from Jordan Bender from JMP Securities.
Jordan Bender : Can you just talk about the contribution from Far East play during the quarter in Las Vegas? And then what do bookings look like from Far East play for this point -- or for this year at this point?
Bill Hornbuckle: You're referring to the fourth quarter or Chinese New Year?
Jordan Bender : Fourth quarter and then, I guess, quarter-to-date as well.
Bill Hornbuckle: I can -- I know the Chinese New Year number fairly well. Corey, I'll lean on you for the fourth quarter. Last year, Chinese New Year, we had about 35 million in sale. This year, that number was just under 100. And so the opportunity and what that opportunity provided us this year was 3x what it was last year. And so while not back at the '19 levels or '18 levels. It was meaningful.
Jonathan Halkyard : And the Far East play during the fourth quarter, it was up about at least 1/3 over the fourth quarter of 2021 and constituted pretty much all of the growth in our international play during the fourth quarter. So very encouraging.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Hornbuckle for any closing remarks.
Bill Hornbuckle : Thank you, operator. I just want to thank everyone for joining us today. I know it gets late back on the East Coast. Just a couple of thoughts. Obviously, we continue to show organic growth here in Las Vegas, particularly in our premium product, our luxury brands. If you think about Aria and Bellagio last year that made over $1.2 billion in cash flow, and we see hopefully that sustaining. You think about now Macau and the returning and I think our 200 extra tables will make a difference throughout the course of this year. You think about our development pipeline. You think about both brick-and-mortar digital. I would say, without any disparaging comments to our competitors, that we think about the balance of regional location, domestic location, Las Vegas, international, digital, we are the most well balanced and prepared for growth. We have no net debt. We have -- we're sitting at about $5.3 billion of cash liquidity. And since Jonathan and I have joined the senior roles, the company has bought back over 25% of its shares, and all of it on the back of an amazing team that we've put together here that's got extensive experience over many decades in many different jurisdictions. And so to say I'm excited by our future would be an understatement. I thank you all for your attention and most importantly, your support. So thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Jonathan Halkyard, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Hubert Wang, President and Chief Operating Officer of MGM China; and Andrew Chapman, Director of Investor Relations. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Andrew Chapman.
Andrew Chapman: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International’s third quarter 2022 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the internet at investors.mgmresorts.com. We've also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation of the GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Bill Hornbuckle.
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, Andrew, and thank you all for joining us this afternoon. I'm pleased to report another phenomenal quarter of financial results driven by our domestic business, with the Las Vegas Strip setting a new record for revenues and adjusted property EBITDAR. These results come on the heels of a record-setting quarter in Las Vegas -- our second quarter in Las Vegas and our regions. Also, the Cosmopolitan Las Vegas had one of its best quarters in its first fourth quarter of operation under MGM Resorts leadership and continues to outperform our initial expectations. We continue to see further opportunity with the Cosmopolitan as we look to integrate our reward system and improve physical connection to our sister properties. Net-net, 2022 is shaping up to be a record year for many resorts, and we believe that fundamental change in people's perception of travel and the value that brings to their lives in Las Vegas and MGM Resorts is benefiting this emerging theme. I want to thank our employees again for the tremendous efforts they put forward to achieve these outstanding results. We know that our guests are experiencing greater satisfaction in their stays, as measured by our internal Net Promoter Scores, which continue to exceed our projections, as well as our TripAdvisor rankings, which have improved significantly across our portfolio in the last year. Put all together and MGM continues to make great progress towards our long-term vision, which is to be the world's premier gaming and entertainment company. We've achieved this vision by remain laser-focused on that strategic plan. Let me hit some of the highlights of the quarter and then Jonathan will dig into the results in more detail. First off, I'm pleased to share that we've completed our acquisition of LeoVegas in September. This important acquisition represents the first step of an aggressive expansion in international and online gaming for MGM. I'd like to again welcome Gustaf Hagman, and the team. And we also recently announced the addition of Gary Fritz as our President of Interactive. Gary will lead our broader digital strategy, both here and the U.S. internationally, of which LeoVegas is a significant part. Staying with digital for a moment, we remain bullish on BetMGM, which continues to build on success every quarter. In the third quarter, BetMGM launched in Kansas, representing its 24th market to date, and the eighth new market we have added since November of last year. Looking forward, we'll add Massachusetts, Ohio and Maryland to our online sports betting portfolio. But MGM remains the clear leader in iGaming with a 29% market share. And BetMGM commands 22% share in active markets from combining U.S. sports, betting and iGaming. As we hit the halfway point of the NFL season, we're encouraged by the preliminary metrics, reinvestment has remained within our expectations and markets appear to be acting more rationally. As BetMGM shared in May at its Investor Day, our strategy is to focus on profitability by allocating spend to geographies with the highest ROI and targeting bonusing. We believe this is being executed exceptionally well. Our investment in BetMGM and LeoVegas will allow us to continue to drive our omnichannel strategy, a key competitive advantage that over time allows us to generate incremental earnings between a brick-and-mortar and our online channels. Early results of this strategy have been positive with a strong acquisition story as well as the creation of brand stickiness. Of the players that play in both channels, we've seen a younger customer in fact almost 90% of the BetMGM omnichannel customers who visit Vegas are younger than 50 and over 50% are under the age of 35. Overall, customers who play online at our properties have increased engagement and our lower cost per acquisition, which reflects the operating leverage we can and will drive into the future. Now I'd like to talk about the integrated resorts development opportunities we have. At New York State pointed the majority of the Gaming Facility Location Board members in October, and we anticipate the State to issue the casinos RFA by early January. We're developing a compelling proposal and we look forward to submitting it in the coming months. Beyond the United States, MGM and our development partner, Orix, along with the City of Osaka, submitted our area development plan to the Government of Japan in April. We are optimistic that we receive certification in the near future. I recently visited our development site, and we and the Orix team couldn't be more excited by the opportunity to bring a fully integrated resort to Japan. Turning to Macau. We officially submitted our application for new concession in September, and we remain committed to supporting Macau's continued development as a world-class tourism and leisure destination. We aim to support the Macau government in achieving its diversification goals, and will continue to invest in the innovative projects and programs that help the region flourish. Macau government is in the process of reviewing each of the concessioners proposals, and we expect good decisions to be made by year-end. Let me close by making some high level comments on the current state of business and our future outlook. Business is exceptionally strong right now in Las Vegas at MGM Resorts and we see the market remaining exceptionally hot. In particular, we are seeing outsized strength in our luxury resorts where pricing remains robust. In fact, October was our highest month ever in terms of hotel revenue. As we look at the convention segment, which has the longest lead time and gives us visibility into the future, our convention room mix is pacing at our goal of 19% with increased ADRs year-over-year. Our outlook continues to be positive and we're flexing our operations to take full advantage of the demand we're experiencing in the marketplace. Programming also remains an exceptional story, which further solidifies Las Vegas as the nation's top sports destination. We will host the men's NCAA West Regional for Suite 16 and Elite 8 rounds at T-Mobile in March. And Formula One, as you know, has selected the weekend of November 16 next year. So it's the first ever Las Vegas race on the strip. That weekend happens to be one of the slowest historic weekends of the year for us ahead of Thanksgiving. We'll open our hotel calendar tomorrow for those dates, and expect an exceptional demand based on our studies of other host cities. We believe the prime positioning of our properties allow us to fully capture the benefits of this exciting race. So right now, we have reasons to be optimistic as we look ahead. That said, we're not blind to the overall macroeconomic conditions. We remain keenly aware of the impact of inflation and the concerns of a potential recession. We continue to stay alert and are actively monitoring our business and indications of a slowdown. Our operations teams have become incredibly nimble over the last few years, excuse me, and are prepared to quickly adjust our business to the changing demand trends if they occur. In the meantime, we'll continue to look for opportunities to drive organic growth in our core business to select key capital investments in our properties and through our MGM rewards program. MGM Rewards continues to deliver on our promise to provide more compelling benefits to all of our members. In fact, since we launched a new program, we've seen a greater portion of our direct bookings from MGM Rewards members and an increased tear progression, particularly for our Gold Plus players. With that, I'll turn this over to Jonathan to discuss more details of the quarter, Jonathan?
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks very much, Bill. Let me start my remarks by also welcoming Gustaf and the over 900 LeoVegas employees to MGM Resorts. No doubt the future of LeoVegas is bright, and I'm confident this enterprise will serve as a meaningful contributor of talent and earnings to our company. I'd also like to echo Bill's comments and thank all of our employees for the second straight quarter of record results. Our people are the best in the business and they demonstrate that every day with the care they show for our guests. Now let's discuss our third quarter results in some detail. Our consolidated third quarter net revenues were $3.4 billion, an increase of 26% compared to 2021, despite the 70% revenue decline at MGM China due to closures and other COVID-related limitations. On the Las Vegas Strip, top line demand was strong with same store net revenues increasing 18% and same store adjusted property EBITDAR up 8%. Occupancy was a major driver of the improvement year-over-year reaching 93% for the quarter, the highest it's been since the start of the pandemic and improvement and an improvement of over 1000 basis points year-over-year. The key driver of the occupancy gain is midweek demand, which is returning to more normal levels as conventions and groups return. The value proposition of our group business supports our pricing power in Las Vegas. ADR had a record $227 in the third quarter, an increase of 26% year-over-year. We continuously work to optimize the hotel mix in our business. Over the past two years, we've increased the effectiveness of our casino marketing and loyalty programs to drive the casino and direct high rate transient business mixed up by several percentage points each. And this has helped offset the decrease in convention myth mix that we experienced in 2020 and 2021. Now as our convention mix returns were generally displacing less profitable, but still important leisure business, this convention business comes at a higher average rate typically between $30 to $40 higher and brings with it higher margin catering spend. Our third quarter regional net revenues grew 5% while adjusted property EBITDAR declined 8%. During the quarter, our highest daily ward's casino segment remained our best performing with the greatest increase in both rated days and theoretical win. Our casino customers aged 65 and above grew again this quarter as compared to last year and 2019. But it still hasn't reached the visitation frequency pre pandemic. Our local and cross property efforts will continue to address these important segments to drive further growth. Adjusted property EBITDAR margins were 33%, a decrease of approximately 450 basis points compared to the third quarter last year. This margin result is consistent with our prior commentary. And as the market stabilized we expect maintain 400 to 600 basis points of margin improvement versus 2019. We've increased our employee headcount by a low dip double digits. During 2021, we faced a difficult hiring environment and had a number of outlet closures, but we're now fully staffed, fully open and a return to the service levels for which we are known. In Macau, adjusted property EBITDAR was a loss of $70 million in the third quarter of 2022 due to property closures and COVID-19 related policies limiting visitation to the market. On BetMGM, the growth and continued improvement we are seeing in this business is overwhelmingly positive. Our 50% share of the losses in the third quarter narrowed to $24 million, which is reported as a part of the unconsolidated affiliate line of our adjusted EBITDAR calculation. This brings our year-to-date loss to $186 million, and we remain comfortable with our guidance for a $225 million contribution for the year. Net revenues associated with BetMGM operations were $400 million this quarter, exhibiting an approximately 90% year-over-year growth from the third quarter last year, led by the continued strength iGaming and new markets, as well as disciplined reinvestment within sports betting by the management team. Through the first nine months of the year BetMGMs revenue associated with operations have surpassed a billion dollars, which puts them well on track to achieve their target of over $1.3 billion this year. Looking forward, improved design and functionality of the BetMGM app launch of a single wallet and omnichannel growth over the tailwinds behind future growth of their business and its impact to MGM as we look to reach profitability during 2023. Our third quarter corporate expense, including share based compensation was $117 million, which included $9 million of transaction costs related mostly to LeoVegas. We do expect corporate expense to remain elevated in the fourth quarter due mostly to transaction costs related to the Mirage sale. We're strategically investing our corporate resources and growth areas including improvements to our IT infrastructure, enhanced digital offerings, and our IR development efforts in Japan and New York. And finally, our capital allocation priorities are as follows; first we'll maintain a strong balance sheet with adequate liquidity. Second, we’ll invest where we have clear advantages exercising prudence and measuring prospective returns for our shareholders. And finally, we'll return cash to our shareholders. These priorities are manifest in our major allocation decisions this year. We bolstered our liquidity through the closing of the VICI transaction and the announced sales of the Mirage and Goldstrike. We acquire the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas which strengthened our portfolio or making strategic capital deployments into improving our existing product with room remodels across three of our major properties. And an announced refresh of the Mandalay Bay Convention Center to shore up our long term group market share. We returned cash to our shareholders through share repurchases. During the third quarter, we repurchase 10 million shares for $307 million. From the beginning of 2021 through yesterday, we repurchased 115 million shares for 4.4 billion or 32% of our market cap. This activity brings our share count down to 384 million shares. Last quarter, I made the case for the attractive valuation of our shares. And I feel even more strongly now, with market leading domestic operations driving record results, leases limited to 2% or 3% escalation for the next 10 years, embedded cashflow growth in BetMGM and MGM China, and about $11 per share in cash, I think our stock trades at pretty attractive levels. We plan to continue to buy back stock through our authorized program. And moving forward we will also continue to invest our capital and growth projects such as New York, and Japan as well as strategic M&A. With that, Bill, back to you.
William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. We believe we've accomplished a great deal year-to-date. I'm optimistic about our path forward. What we are doing is working. Our existing operations continue to grow as evidenced by another record quarter in Las Vegas, with a positive outlook thinking about October and beyond. Our balance sheet is in a position of strength as we have more than 6 billion in domestic liquidity with almost no net debt. But MGM is firing on all cylinders demonstrating tremendous growth and remains on track to achieve profitability during 2023. We also expect further global digital growth with LeoVegas, MGM, China and Macau markets are showing some productive signals. And we believe we're well positioned in respect to licensing renewals. Also, New York and Japan represent future development growth opportunities for our company. I would again like to thank our employees for the continued hard work and commitment to our company. And with that, we'll open this up for questions operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, everybody. Bill, Jonathan, whoever wants to take this question. I was hoping you could just talk a little bit more about where you do have visibility into next year, the group and convention business in Las Vegas. What percentage of your anticipated room nights are on the books right now? And at what price is that relative to this year or if you want to look at it in relation to 2019?
William Hornbuckle: Sure. Let me kick it off and I'll probably turn it over to both of my colleagues here. So we're targeting, as I mentioned in my comments, 19% market mix. A couple of things. We've been as high as 2021. We've got about 100,000 room nights off-line. We're doing a Mandalay Bay complete remodel, which is undertaken and underway, and it's been highly well received. We were able to preview it recently through IMAX. We've taken 100,000 room nights off of weekends. Given the strength with weekends, we're very positive on our ability to drive higher-rated business, particularly through leisure and casino ultimately. ADRs in the mid-single digits. And then Corey, if you want to talk, I think, a little bit the percentage.
Corey Sanders: Yes, yes. We usually are about 80% on the books right now. I think we feel pretty good on where we are. In addition to that, we also are looking at where we place convention. So in the past, we had a lot of convention room nights on weekends. So we strategically think we could do better cash flow by not placing some of that business on weeknights. So you'll probably see our mix come down a little because of that also.
Joe Greff: Great, thank you. And then with respect to your case, remind us the scope of the all-in investment, the timing of the spend and anticipated timeline to complete once you start - once you get approval.
William Hornbuckle: Joe, you said New York, correct?
Joe Greff: New York, yes.
William Hornbuckle: Yes, yes. So hopefully, we hear something -- obviously, we get this RFA request. They have a 90-day window to issue it, which means by January 1. There's some debate over if they can issue all three licenses at once or if they will issue all three at once or they'll go independent of that. But we're hoping for '23 in terms of being awarded a license. If you factor in the licensing fee and the initial expansion, we're looking at about a $2 billion to $2.2 billion investment, which given -- let's just say, it takes till the end of ’23, so probably the spend on that is going to be between ’24 and ‘25.
Joe Greff: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, everyone, good afternoon. Jonathan, you provided a lot of color on kind of a mix, and you guys just hit on the group pace for next year. But what was - how do you think about kind of the target of casino? What is casino running at this year as a percentage of room nights? And what is kind of the target next year within the 19% group and obviously trying to pull out of FIT and some of the OTA channels, things like that?
Jonathan Halkyard: I'll just - I'll make a couple of comments and then certainly invite Corey to comment as well. Casino room mix be in the high 20s to low 30%. It's pretty stable. A lot of our work recently has been around yielding the casino even more effectively, particularly during midweek. The casino business was very strong for us in terms of room nights. A year ago, as I noted in my comments, but that has since that and some of the leisure business has been overtaken profitably by group business. The other thing I mentioned, which is important is our direct bookings through our proprietary channels are up about 11% this quarter versus a year ago. And that's it nearly 3 times the rate of the growth of our overall web bookings. So this is one of the areas in which our MGM Rewards program and the improvements we've made to that as well as other marketing efforts have really helped drive the leisure business even through our proprietary channels.
Corey Sanders: Jonathan I agree. I mean we got our casino room nights about where we want them, making sure that we have the most profitable customers on the weekend there. The goal would be as this group business comes back to shift it really at the package business, our lowest rated business.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you both. And then if I could just one follow up, Jonathan, I know you've mentioned, the target for regionals was kind of to remain 400 basis points to 600 basis points north of 2019 for that segment. With respect to Vegas and acknowledging a lot of moving parts with Cosmopolitan coming in, City Center being consolidated, Circus Circus going out, if we're going back to 2019, and then obviously, Mirage going out later this year. On an apples-to-apples basis relative to 2019, you guys have a similar kind of target range in mind.
Jonathan Halkyard: I actually think we can do better than that in Las Vegas, in part for a number of the reasons you mentioned, which is, of course, some of the changes we've made to the portfolio here or we'll have prospectively with the sale of the Mirage, but also just increasing effectiveness in driving demand and yielding. I feel comfortable that the margins will stabilize at increments higher than that that I described for the regional properties.
Carlo Santarelli: Okay, is it safe to say it's kind of 400 to 600 operational plus the big influence of those kinds of four assets coming in and out?
Jonathan Halkyard: At a minimum, I would say yes at a minimum.
Carlo Santarelli: Okay. That’s helpful. Great. Thank you very much.
Jonathan Halkyard: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Just wanted to ask a little bit about mix and margins, specifically maybe sticking with Las Vegas for a moment. It looks like continued pretty strong sequential growth on the casino side. And Jonathan, I know this has been an area where you've probably been expecting things to be at some point, maybe settle back into more normal behaviors, but it just still seems like it's really robust. So could you just give us a little bit more color about the dynamic there, what you saw in the quarter and how you see that trending both sort of market-wise and then things you might be doing for market share because, again, that does look strong relative to the market.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. I -- the margin performance is, of course, a number of dynamics going into it, but one of the most important has been our ability to yield on the room demand here. And we've seen it not only in our luxury properties, but also more recently in our other properties here in Las Vegas. So I would say the main contributor to it has been the strength in the hotel yielding. We have grown our labor in both the regional markets and in Las Vegas in the past quarter and we've done that intentionally. It's been reflected in our NPS scores and what our customers are telling us about their experience here. But it's also had some impact on margin, one that we intended and hopefully, we've signaled pretty clearly in the past. And that's really important because it is all about growing long-term market share for profitable market share for our businesses here in Las Vegas. And we think that that those customer service scores and the retention associated with those customers are going to help us get there.
Corey Sanders: And Shaun, what I would add on the casino side, every weekend here is just a major weekend with events between Allegiant, the 3 major showrooms here, the arenas that demand, we don't really see slowing down. And probably the piece is still missing, but we're starting to see some of this come back is the Far East play. We've seen some groups from Hong Kong. We've had intentions from groups from Singapore that wanted to come back. So I think we're pretty optimistic on what we see in the casino front in Las Vegas.
William Hornbuckle: And Shaun, maybe final, just some color. It was kind of interesting to me last night. Elton John was here on a Tuesday night, he put 50,000 plus in Allegiant Stadium the south end of the strip is absolutely benefiting. We thought Allegiant could do like 40 events. I think it's going to do that in more. And if you think about the nature of people saying, that's like 100 days a year that people have visitation to Las Vegas driving a huge activity case, particularly at the south end of the strip which is obviously core to that neighborhood. And so we're pretty excited by it. We think it underlines a foundation that just puts us at a different place than we've ever been historically. So that's one of the reasons I think we've seen this ADR growth has been amazingly substantiated throughout the company. This particular month in October, Excalibur Luxer had great months.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Katz with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Katz: Good afternoon, folks. Thanks for taking my questions. In the past, I can recall, Jonathan, you're giving out some and land-based MGM and MGM Rewards players. Are you able to talk about any of those this time?
William Hornbuckle: It's actually Bill, David. I'll take part of that. Look, it continues. The idea of omnichannel is still very strong. First and foremost, MGM Rewards has just surpassed 40 million folks in our database. We get about 40 -- the key driver to that has been BetMGM. And so we are just supplying close to 40% of our new customer base. The inverse of that is we're supplying BetMGM with about 15% of its customers. And then we've seen -- and I know you've heard some other industry numbers on folks that have come in omnichannel spend. We've seen that number double in the last year between what happened in the third quarter of 2021 versus the third quarter of 2022 in terms of activity. So there's nothing to indicate we're not extremely positive by that that opportunity in the channel that brings us and the overall nature of it. And interestingly, we're excited to continue to project that into LeoVegas and some of the things we want to do internationally over time. And so overall, it's working exceptionally well.
David Katz: Understood. And my follow-up question was going to be about LeoVegas. And if you could just be a bit more specific about what capabilities it brings you that may be transferable or helpful within the United States or North.
William Hornbuckle: Well, to be clear, within the United States and North America of note, Canada and Ontario province to be specific, that is the domain of BetMGM. And so that -- all of that activity case would remain with that JV and that partnership. LeoVegas was an opportunity to open up rest of the world. And so while relatively small, its scale to some, it's probably going to be about $50 million in cash flow. We love the team. We love the operating environment it has, the system it has. It's got a full slate of iGaming opportunities. Sweden is the benchmark, about 35% of its business comes from there. But we've got a sports betting product. So it's got all of the tools. We look to add on to it with live dealer. We're looking at a studio increment that could be added on to this thing. And so we see it as a cornerstone to grow rest of world. If we think about places like Brazil, which is that activity and talking more and more about sports betting and hopefully and potentially, casino gaming. We just see that as a leading opportunity for us and a vehicle to do that.
David Katz: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Daniel Politzer: Hey good afternoon everyone. Jon, you gave some detail on how you think about valuation for your stock. I think you called out the $11 per share of cash on the balance sheet. How do you think about the elution here given you have the $4.4 billion of cash, $1 billion and one sixth of liquidity. What do you think is the normalized cash balance that you feel comfortable with, given the macro and some of your rent and CapEx obligations?
Jonathan Halkyard: There's about $400 million or so that's required in so-called working capital and our cages, etcetera. And we have established a financial policy that we will have $1.5 billion available to us in addition to our revolving credit, which is approximately $1.5 billion. So that's the way we think about it. $1.5 million would be considered our minimum cash.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. And then just as my follow-up on Vegas. Some of your competitors have called out one-offs in the quarter such as utilities. Was there anything there that you'd call out or that you saw on your side?
Jonathan Halkyard: No. Not in the third quarter. We -- our utilities are largely bought through the -- our energy costs largely bought through the end of 2023. So we didn't suffer any meaningful increase there. In fact, the opposite is that we continue our energy efficiency programs have had a slight decline in usage. But no, there's really nothing unusual in Vegas. In the regions, there were a couple of unusual items. There was some minor hold impacts in the third quarter, about 60 basis points. And we also had some hurricane proceeds in the prior year quarter, about 80 basis points. Most of the rest of it was labor increases when we look quarter-over-quarter, but we did probably have 1.5 points of unusual margin items in the regions in the third quarter.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chad Beynon with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Chad Beynon: Hi good afternoon, thanks for taking my question. Bill, Jonathan, I know you mentioned that, I guess, firstly, BetMGM is coming in better than the $1.3 billion revenue projection. And you're still on track on the losses for the year. You did mention that you still expect to achieve profitability in 2023 at some point. But given that everything is coming in better than expected. California, there's not going to be a big launch in 2023. Just given the maturation of the markets where you currently offer your product, are there reasons why you might not be able to hit that goal potentially earlier if hold is as expected? Thanks.
William Hornbuckle: Look, Chad, I wouldn't go so far as to change our projections and our prediction that by this time next year, we should be in a profitable scenario. So I want to stay on point on that. The new markets we've indicated we're opening up. We think we have real opportunity there. We're doing some very interesting 1 and the only kinds of things in the iGaming marketplace where we have integrated jackpots at our omnichannel that will stretch across our casinos as well as the digital channels. And so we've got two or three products coming out that are going to be exclusive, and we're excited by. And I think you all know iGaming is the lion's share of the NGR in this whole universe, actually. And so -- but no, I don't want to get ahead of ourselves. We continue to invest in the business. We want to see it grow. We like the positioning we have, both from iGaming in particular and ultimately in sports betting. And so it will take some investments. Point on California is well taken. But we're not going to get our head on sales right now.
Chad Beynon: Okay, thanks. And then with respect to the zero COVID policy in China and kind of where things stand right now. Has anything changed in terms of your expectation of when this picket could or should turn back on? And then if not, how should we think about the current burn rate in that market. Thanks.
William Hornbuckle: I'll let Hubert chime in here in a moment. I would say this because obviously, we all got the message of zero tolerance, and it was demonstrated this week in Shanghai and ultimately at our own Cotai property and Hubert can speak to that. Also, at the other side of the coin is they've opened up every province. All 31 provinces now are accessible to do eVisa which is convenient and timely. And so we're encouraged by the signal and really what it means for Macau. Macau is obviously an SAR, but it is obviously considered part of broader China in every way shape performance. So the support, I think it's trying to give it. By doing that, I think, is meaningful to us. And hopefully, over time, can get us to a different place. I'm not going to project when that time is. It's just been, as we all know, so many curves in this road. But I don't know me, Hubert, if you want to talk any more sentiment and particularly, maybe talk about where you are with the lockdown.
Hubert Wang: Yes. Thanks, Bill, and thanks, Chad, for your question. The policy that recently loosened up the eVisa application and also the group visa application for entire nation to Macau. I think that's definitely a long-term positive. Short term, we probably will still -- it's a gradual ramp-up process and maybe with fluctuation between due to the dynamic zero cold policy in place. So I think that just to give you an example, in Macau, recently, there have been in some cases. So we have seen the measures to border crossing has been tightened. And there are cases -- there were 1 case, single case in MGM Cotai, and we had to shut down the operation for three days, and we just reopened and quarantine yesterday and will reopen today. So these types of things could happen from time to time, if the policy is still in place. But overall, I think over the long run, it's a positive. In terms of your question on the bond rate for us, I think that we're looking at OpEx of about USD 1.5 million a day in that range.
Chad Beynon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. I know you talked a little bit about some of the factors with the regional margin being down with labor costs and things. I'm just curious if you're seeing anything in terms of marketing your promotions in the regional markets, just given that you mentioned that gaming revenue was pretty much flat and the growth was coming from non-gaming if that is starting to lead to anything promotional. Thanks.
Corey Sanders: Hi Robin, it's Corey. I think in general, in most of our regions, we're seeing some reasonable reinvestments. Atlantic City, we saw a little bit of a ramp -- that market is a tough market right now. But in general, our reinvestments have stayed pretty consistent. As we add some of these amenities, which our players have been asking for, that component of those comps will go against that gaming revenue, which would give it a reason why it'd be flat, but you would see profitability in other departments in the regional areas.
Robin Farley: Okay, thank you. And just for the follow-up, I'm curious if you're seeing anything different in terms of demand at your Vegas resorts in terms of the more premium properties versus the properties that are sort of more broad market. Are you seeing any difference in demand trends there? Thanks.
William Hornbuckle: Look, I think we've said it in our general comments, Robin, although again, October for some of our legacy properties was a bit surprising in the context of affirmative part of it was probably due to the programming I mentioned earlier. But generally speaking, our ability to yield up is tied to luxury. It's tied to average rates at places like Aria, Casapalca and Bellagio. It's tied to fine dining, it's tied to the entertainment experiences that may be a Bruno Mars or something of that ilk. And so we just have not seen a slowdown in that fact to the contrary. And so it doesn't mean -- we're not -- eyes wide open on what may happen here. But to date and through October, the phenom of what's happened in Las Vegas, particularly for our higher-end properties continues, and we're pretty excited by all of that.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from John DeCree with CBRE. Please go ahead.0
John DeCree: Hi, everyone thank you for taking my questions. Maybe one more in Las Vegas about your Convention group bookings, maybe a bigger picture question. As you look forward to 2023, and we've got the big ones in 1Q, maybe Corey, are you seeing attendance or bookings per the big events get back closer to 2019 levels or when you start to see pacing, is it more driven by more events? I guess, we have a lot of conversations. Are those big events going to see similar attendance as 2019? Or might they be smaller and then you guys can kind of grow overall attendance through various sales to other departments. So curious if you have any visibility on that yet?
Corey Sanders: Yes. I think the answer is yes to all of them actually. The bigger events that are still coming in, depending on the type of industry, you'll see attendance reach the levels that they were before, especially if they're more domestic they have an international component, maybe not. But we're also seeing a lot of smaller groups and medium-sized groups come in and book also. So the business is definitely dynamic right now from that perspective. We're seeing a lot of demand for that business, where we're seeing a lot of demand for that business in the year for the year also.
John DeCree: Got it. Thanks Corey. And Jonathan, maybe a housekeeping one. In the press release, there was a little over $1 billion amortization charge, I think, related to subconcession in Macau. I think we've maybe talked about this last quarter, but we've got a couple of questions. Could you remind us on the accounting of that and what's that for?
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. When MGM went to a majority position in MGM China in 2011, we recorded through the purchase accounting an intangible related to the concession. We've been amortizing that intangible to between 2031 and 2038. When the law was released back in June, we, together with our outside auditing firm, Deloitte, we came to the conclusion that it's a new concession that we'll be beginning post December. So the existing concession on which the intangible was based, we needed to amortize that towards the end of its life or by the end of its life, which is this year. So we took a relatively small amortization charge in the second quarter and then we're taking the remainder in the third and the fourth quarter. And so that's what that is.
John DeCree: Got it. Understood, thanks for that clarity. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Our next question will come from Barry Jonas with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Barry Jonas: Great. Thank you. Just a follow-up on the strip margin in the quarter. There was a call out in the 10-Q for higher advertising costs. Are we now at a more normal level there? Or could that line item fluctuate a little bit going forward?
Corey Sanders: Yes. It's higher than 2021 because 2021, we cut back a little, but it's lower than we were spending in 2019.
Barry Jonas: Got it. Okay. And then just...
Corey Sanders: Yes. It's probably a new normal of where we feel pretty comfortable, plus or minus on going forward in the future also.
Barry Jonas: Okay. That's great. Just as a follow-up, I wanted to ask about some of the partnerships and sponsorships that BetMGM has made. Wondering if you think some of the lower ROI deals could roll off over the next few years and maybe help drive profitability for BetMGM, if possible, maybe walk us through the setup there.
William Hornbuckle: So Barry, this is Bill. The answer is yes. We go into different markets, we try different things. Some of them are access deals. You need a partner and a sponsor to help you get state, et cetera. and get ultimately licensed and in some cases, even get legislation through in terms of motivating the cost from the get-go. Some of them have been very profitable, some of them are not as. The team knows exactly the CPA cost per market, and it allocates certain percentages to what those sponsorships may feel like. But there's clearly an opportunity going forward. Those deals range anywhere from a single year up to 5. It just depends on market and depends on who and what they are. But yes, I think as we get all smarter about this, we all build a customer base that begins to plateau at a reasonable level, you'll see everyone get including us, most notable more efficient at that.
Barry Jonas: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Stephen Grambling with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Hey thanks. In the deck, you did mention investing in advanced marketing and physical/digital experiences, I think, associated with the loyalty program. As you ramped up to around, I think you said 44 million members and continue to invest in engagement, how are you thinking about monetization opportunities or partnerships fund reinvestment or even make the loyalty program a profit center?
William Hornbuckle: Look, we have several different opportunities, whether it's around our existing partnership with Hyatt and expanding it. We just actually did something with BetMGM with Carnival that we'd like to bring into MGM Rewards over time as well. And so there are -- we obviously have a deal with Marriott at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. And so we'll continue to push on that. And obviously, we have something now to trade at 44 million members that are active. There's a real opportunity to go back and forth on that. As we've opened up, remember, the whole essence behind MGM Rewards versus MLive as we've opened up for rewarding all spend, not just gaming spend. And so it's introduced a different set of customers to us. It's introduced a higher-end retail customer. I think that gets expanded by things like F1 and some other things that are coming to town. And so we've got a whole team structured and focused on doing exactly that. And we'll begin -- we're going to hit our first full year here coming up. We'll begin to give you some metrics here going forward about where we've been and where we're at. But some of the initial indicators are pretty very firm of actually. So the general thinking.
Stephen Grambling: Sounds good. That's helpful. One other unrelated follow-up. The market in Canada on the online side is a bit opaque at this point. I guess, what are you seeing in that market for BetMGM in terms of how it's ramping versus the U.S. and how it might evolve from here?
A - William Hornbuckle: Surprisingly well. And why I say that is obviously, that's been a market that's gray market in Ontario of note for a decade or so and maybe more. And our ability -- they don't actually publish per share. So we can't have exact things, but I know what we're doing. We've done exceptionally well. I think part of it is our Ontario/Detroit database, and we've had exposure to those customers for 20 years. And so we have taken real share. And if we're not leading, we're damn close in the context of iGaming of note. And we have a real position in place with sports betting, we were fortunate enough to get Wang-Getsky [ph] on board early. And he's just iconic. And so we feel really good about what's happened there. And surprisingly so, which gives us a great deal of confidence in a highly competitive market before we entered.
Stephen Grambling: Great one, thank you.
Operator: Our last question will come from Ben Chaiken with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Chaiken: Hey, how’s it going? Sorry if I missed it. Just taking another swing at Vegas margins. Revenue and EBITDA improved kind of regardless of how you cut it. With this in mind, if we think about the sequential margin compression in Vegas, 2Q to 3Q, how much of this is a mix dynamic, so adding lower margin revenues as you called out? And how much of this is sequential margin compression on the existing business from headcount, for example, which you also called out. If that didn't make sense. I can try it differently. Thanks.
Jonathan Halkyard: No, that's all right. It's -- this is Jonathan. It is mostly having to do with mix and to a minor extent, some addition of labor. It's almost impossible to overstate how much. I know your question was around sequential, but year-over-year and sequential, just the volume of activity has increased here, and that's required some additional labor resources. We've also opened some final outlets that had been closed over the past year or 2. So it's really both of those dynamics, which have caused that.
Benjamin Chaiken: Got you. And then just to squeeze one more in. There seems to be -- I think you've highlighted a few times, but there seems to be a disconnect in your valuation. You've got the lease liability on the balance sheet and then you've got kind of the EBITDAR multiple discount. With this in mind, I guess, just kind of like high level, is the OpCo structure do you think still the most desirable strategy? Or would you ever consider a pivot from the asset structure, if that's an appropriate way to phrase it?
Jonathan Halkyard: I think it is absolutely the right strategy. I -- the valuation considerations aside for a moment, I love this capital structure. It's a perpetual capital structure with escalations of 2% to 3% over the next 10 years. It is one that we do not have to refinance. And when I look at what we've been able to accomplish on our M&A agenda, it's probably not too difficult to tease out that the Cosmopolitan and ARIA did nearly $300 million of EBITDA during the third quarter. And these are businesses that when you look at what we paid to acquire them are sub-6x EBITDA multiples. And at the same time, we've sold the Mirage and the Gold Strike at 17 and 11x multiples respectively. So there's clear valuation disconnect going on here. But when I look at the capital structure, the combination of it and its cost with what I think is our operating leverage in these other businesses with the demand dynamics we've described and the fact that really our regional cross-property efforts are just getting started to the Cosmopolitan integration is still very early in this whole event backdrop I just think it's a fantastic opportunity for value creation. So I wouldn’t change.
Benjamin Chaiken: That’s really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Hornbuckle for any closing remarks.
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, operator, and thank you all for your attendance and, obviously, your interest. Just some highlight comments again. But we feel obviously very strong and excited by our business here in Las Vegas. You continue to see the strength in the growth Again, we think there's been a couple of fundamental changes both in the context of the customer mix, the opportunity and the desire to want to come to a place like Las Vegas and our position with the asset changes of Mirage for Cosmopolitan and some of the other things we do. We just really like where we are in Las Vegas. Macau, despite all of its trials and tribulations, in the month of October, did $450 million of GGR. So annualize that and think about that marketplace and its potential long term. We have a great deal of safe in Macau long term. And I think we're really well positioned to get relicensed and are confident that we'll do so by year-end. You heard obviously the success in BetMGM. It's absolutely tracking in the right direction. And we're equally, if not more excited, ultimately for MGM Resorts for LeoVegas, and our push into rest of world with that vehicle leading the way. I think most relevant is Jonathan's point about our balance sheet. The liquidity is amazing. It gives us two things. If we should go into a more significant downturn obviously, we've got the resources to sustain and ultimately enough resources to also be opportunistic. And so the opportunity that balance sheet presents for us, we think, is very compelling and very exciting as we think about the next couple of years. We are keenly focused on margins. I can assure you. We are at a place -- we said they would come back to where they are. We want to do more work, and we will continue to do -- they will not go backwards from this point. You have a commitment on that. And I think there's some room for enhancement in a couple of places, Las Vegas and potentially a couple of regional properties despite the one-off opportunities and things that hit us. The rent is compelling. The 2% to 3% versus open -- the cost of what's going on right now in the marketplace. And ultimately, our growth pipeline with New York and Japan around the Horizon -- we love that -- both of those opportunities for obvious reasons. And so I think we're well positioned in both of those places to take advantage of that as well. And then ultimately, to the colleagues at the table and all of our team I couldn't be happier with the crew and how it's performing. So thank you all, and appreciate you joining us today. Have a great night.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Jonathan Halkyard, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Hubert Wang, President and Chief Operating Officer of MGM China; and Andrew Chapman, Director of Investor Relations. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please note, this conference is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Andrew Chapman. Please go ahead.
Andrew Chapman: Good afternoon and welcome to the MGM Resorts International second quarter 2022 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the internet at investors.mgmresorts.com. We've also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation of the GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Bill Hornbuckle.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, Andrew and thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Our second quarter results represented our highest adjusted property EBITDAR quarter in the history of Las Vegas, both on an absolute and same-store basis and the highest second quarter in our regionals ever was seven of our U.S. properties setting all-time records. I again want to sincerely thank our employees for their continued hard work, commitment to excellence and dedication to creating world-class experiences for our guests. Thanks to them, our company's service scores have improved sequentially, each quarter, both overall and across all the metrics we track. I could not be more proud of the progress we have seen in servicing our customers. Before I dive into our results in more detail, let me reiterate that our long-term strategic planning remains unchanged. We're focused on continually improving our guests experience, delivering operational excellence, investing in our people and planet, and allocating capital responsibly. So, let's turn to those results. We took another meaningful step in April to simplify our corporate structure and complete the modernization of our real estate assets with the closing of our strategic transactions between MGM Growth Properties -- excuse me and Vici. This transaction brought us $4.4 billion in cash, which we intend to use to invest in our core businesses, while continuing to pursue meaningful growth opportunities. One such opportunity was the acquisition of the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas that officially closed in May. I've had the opportunity to spend some time at the property and have met a number of the CoStars. I cannot say enough about the strength of the team at the Cosmopolitan and the exceptional service culture that has been created there. Our focus now is on integrating the operations of the property into MGM Resorts portfolio and working together to maximize the future success of this world-class resort. We also recently announced another strategic divestiture in our portfolio. In June, we reached an agreement to sell the operations of the Goldstrike Tunica to the Cherokee Nation for $450 million. As a company, we felt this was an opportunity to sharpen our focus in Mississippi on Boulevard and take advantage of an attractive valuation. Goldstrike is a very special property. I'd like to again to thank every employee in Tunica for consistently delivering amazing first-class gaming and entertainment experiences to our guests. We look forward to seeing Goldstrike continued success with the Cherokee Nation, and we expect this transaction to close the first part of 2023. The divestiture follows our prior announcement to sell the operations of the Mirage, which still also stay on track for close later this year. Consistent with our strategy to grow our international online gaming footprint, we announced in May a tender offer for LeoVegas, a leading global online gaming company with licenses in eight jurisdictions, primarily in the Nordics. LeoVegas has a talented management team, a cloud and mobile-based technology platform and appreciable growth plan that will execute on as we develop our digital gaming presence in Europe. We also expect this transaction to close in the third quarter of this year. Shifting now back to focus on our brick-and-mortar development pipeline. We're hopeful that New York will solicit applications by the end of the year for one of three additional casino licenses. We are eager to respond and expand our existing property and Empire City, which is less than 15 miles from Manhattan, with an attractive footprint for development and growth. If we do receive a license, we'll look forward to working with the state of New York, Yonkers, and our surrounding jurisdictions to drive jobs and economic growth to that region. In Japan, we submitted our Arian development plan to the Japanese government in April and are optimistic that we're receiving approval decision in the fall of this year. Following that process, we will share further details about the project. And in the UAE, we continue to make progress on bringing the MGM brand family to Dubai, where we have a management agreement for a non-gaming integrated resort that has been developed in partnership with . The project has broken ground and we're continuous on the development progress and we will watch with great interest what does or doesn't happen around gaming in the region, hopefully in the near future. Turning to BetMGM, Adam Greenblatt and the team provided a comprehensive update at their announced Analyst Day reaffirming their long term roadmap and path to profitability. The team had BetMGM is also working on a comprehensive refresh to improve the interface and customer experience later this year. Following a successful launch in Ontario in April, BetMGM announced a partnership with Carnival Cruises Corporation to provide onboard ship betting and gaming under the BetMGM brand. BetMGM operates now in 23 markets United States and Canada, across retail, online sports, and iGaming operations. In May, BetMGM committed 21% in share in the active markets in both U.S. sports betting and iGaming, which puts us in the number two position. BetMGM is the clear leader iGaming and having reached 29% market share in May. And looking forward with the addition of Ohio was recently Massachusetts, as well as the potential for California, we continue to see great opportunity for expansion with BetMGM. We're accessible to those three states has over 45 million addressable audience. Our investment in BetMGM is an important enabler to our omnichannel strategy and a key competitive advantage that allows us to drive incremental earnings between our brick-and-mortar and online channels. Early results of this strategy have been positive with a strong acquisition story with over 43% of our MGM Rewards signups coming from BetMGM versus 33% in Q2 2021. Of these signups, we have seen substantial growth and those who are visiting MGM property for the first time. Turning to Macau, our operations were affected by limited visitation to the region, obviously due to the COVID restrictions. As you've likely seen the Macau government closed all non-essential businesses in July in the face of rising case counts, which impacted our properties. Last week, we saw operations reopening on a limited basis and we're working to minimize our operational costs in the short-term and position our properties to capture more than our fair share of premium mass business as demand returns, hopefully in the long-term. We're also working on our concession renewal. We are pleased to have received the terms of this tender last week with no surprises with all the submissions due by September 14th. The Macau government will then review the submissions and grant new concessions, hopefully, by year end. We remain confident in the future of Macau, and are proud to be partners in shaping the future of one of the world's premier tourist entertainment and gaming destinations. Well, our second quarter results were nothing short of spectacular, we are, of course, mindful of the marketplace concerns of potential recession. We also recognize that starting in the back half of the year, we'll be lapping strong comparisons driven by pent up demand around our re-openings. With all of this in mind, it is important to highlight that we built an incredibly agile business over the last few years due to COVID and other factors and we will adjust and pivot quickly if we see any signs of consumer demand slowing. That said we sit here today our business in forward-looking pace remains extremely strong. In fact, looking ahead, we continue to be quite bullish on our domestic business outlook based on a number of tailwinds coming in the near year, including a rebound in our convention business, the return of international travel, and the lineup of exciting events to Las Vegas. Let me touch on a couple of these points a bit more. First in 2023, we expect to grow our convention mix and rate year-over-year. Also in the terms of city-wides, we look forward to welcoming CES back in better form and once again the ConExpo Trade Show in Las Vegas in March of 2023. This will be their first week returned post the COVID shortened 2020 event. When in rotation this is one of the most well attended city-wide events of the year with historical attendance well north of 130,000. Add to that the return of international visitation to Las Vegas, which in 2021 represented only 3% of visitors, then 10% to 15% in pre pandemic year, and our international customers have longer stay patterns and domestic guests and we expect these guests to return in forces international flight capacity, reach over 80% of 2019 summer levels. And finally, the event calendar Las Vegas is arguably the best city has ever seen, and MGM will be primary beneficiary even as -- at our scale and positioning. Las Vegas is now truly a powerhouse sports destination with the Golden Knights and Raiders calling Las Vegas home. Looking ahead in 2023, the city will host the Sweet 16 and Elite 8 rounds of the NCAA's men's tournament and our first ever Formula One race and then in early February of 2024, will play host to the Super Bowl. When you put it all together, the business case is incredibly compelling for continued growth and momentum in our business. And as Jonathan will describe, we see tremendous value potential in the shares of MGM Resorts. With that, I'll turn on the job and discuss the details of the quarter.
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks very much Bill. I too would like to express my sincere thanks to all of our employees for the incredible results we achieved this quarter. We truly have the best team and the best talent in the business. I also want to acknowledge and thank the employees of the Goldstrike Tunica for their contributions to this great property, and also extend my welcome to the CoStars of the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. So, let's discuss our second quarter results in a bit more detail. Our consolidated second quarter net revenues were $3.3 billion, an increase of 44% compared to 2021 despite a $168 million negative impact from MGM, China due to the COVID-related limitations to visitation Bill mentioned in his remarks. Our net income attributable to MGM Resorts was $1.8 billion, benefiting from a gain related to the sale of MGM Growth Properties. Our second quarter Las Vegas Strip net revenues were $2.1 billion and adjusted property EBITDAR for the Strip was $825 million. Our same-store net revenues in Las Vegas, which excludes ARIA, Vdara, and the Cosmopolitan in 2022, increased 60% versus the second quarter of 2021. And same-store adjusted property EBITDAR in Las Vegas was up 51% versus the second quarter last year. Now, unlike the visitation are the variation, month-to-month that we experienced in the first quarter due to Omicron, our second quarter occupancy, ADR, and profitability were consistent through the quarter. Second quarter occupancy was 92%, continuing the strength that we saw when we exited March. As Bill mentioned, pricing remains strong with ADR in the second quarter at a record $225. On the same-store basis, ADR of $201 was 34% above the second quarter of 2021. Our pricing power is driven by a number of factors; the attractiveness and sophistication of our marketing efforts, the relative value versus other destination markets, midweek conventions returning, and the benefit of certain room renovations, including the Bellagio and the ARIA Sky Suites, which we completed in 2021. Our preliminary results from July are also an encouraging sign to the third quarter with occupancy of 94% and ADR up 6% year-over-year, this being our toughest comp versus 2021, given the strong reopening trend we experienced last year. Our growth bookings continue to be robust with occupancy growth and all future months this year and rate up double-digits versus 2021 in each month. In fact, during June we booked the most rooms per day so far this year. Yes, we really liked the demand outlook for Las Vegas. Our second quarter regional net revenues were $960 million, an increase of 12% versus the second quarter of 2021. We delivered regional adjusted property EBITDAR of $340 million, which was 7% above the second quarter of 2021. Margins were 35%, down approximately 200 basis points compared to last year as we brought back more of our non-gaming operations. Moving to Macau, net revenues of $143 million in the second quarter represented a 54% decrease compared to the second quarter last year. Adjusted property EBITDAR was a loss of $52 million in the second quarter versus positive $9 million last year. Public health policies remain a headwind in the region, as entrance into Macau has been severely limited. Turning to BetMGM, our 50% share of BetMGM losses in the second quarter was $71 million, which is reported as a part of the unconsolidated affiliates line of our adjusted EBITDAR calculation and we expect to contribute $225 million to BetMGM this year. Now, in the first half of 2022, BetMGM generated net revenues associated with operations of $608 million, which is an improvement of 70%, compared to the first half of 2021, and well on track to meet our forecast of $1.3 billion. Our second quarter corporate expense, including share-based compensation was $120 million, which included $21 million of transaction costs. We're strategically investing our corporate expense and growth areas, including improvements to our IT infrastructure, enhance digital offerings for our guests, and of course, our IR efforts in Japan. So, before we wrap-up our prepared remarks, I'd like to restate our capital allocation strategy and touch briefly on how we view the valuation of our company. Our strategy is as follows; first, will maintain a strong balance sheet with ample liquidity. Second, will invest where we have clear advantages, exercising prudence and measuring prospective returns for our shareholders. And finally, we'll return cash to those shareholders. The transactions we've completed and announced this quarter yet again demonstrate our commitment to and execution of these priorities. We bolstered our liquidity through the closing of the Vici transaction. We improved our portfolio with the acquisition of the Cosmopolitan and the announced sale of the operations of the Mirage and Goldstrike Tunica. We invested in our international digital future with the announced LeoVegas transaction. We returned cash to our shareholders through share repurchases. During the second quarter, we repurchased 32.4 million shares for $1.1 billion. Since the beginning of 2021, through last night, we repurchased 104 million shares for $4 billion, or 31% of our market cap. This activity brings our share count down to approximately 393 million shares. We've been aggressively repurchasing our shares over the past 18 months because of the value we see at current trading multiples. Here's how I think about it. As of yesterday, our share price was $33 and we had 393 million shares outstanding. So, this implies a market cap of $13 billion. If we add our quarter end domestic net debt and subtract the value of our 56% stake in MGM China, then we have the enterprise value of our domestic operations. Divide this by the trailing 12 months EBITDA adjusted for corporate expense, Cosmopolitan, Mirage, and GoldStrike transactions, and this implies a trailing multiple of 5.3 times, with our stake BetMGM for free. These deals were announced a few months ago, but our sales of the Mirage and Goldstrike traded at trailing EBITDA multiples of 17 times and 11 times respectively. But wait, there's more. Our traditional debt is all fixed rate and our lease agreements escalate by only 2% annually for the first 10 years and thereafter we have a CPI cap of 3%. So, we enjoy free cash flow operating leverage by driving EBITDAR growth above 2% or 3%. In the second quarter, our domestic same-store adjusted EBITDAR grew by 33%. Bill back to you.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. I know my new Chief Sales Officer is going to come for me. As a company, we've been busy this year in our pursuit of our vision to be the world's premier gaming entertainment company. I could not be more proud of the progress we've made, but understand there is clearly more work to do. Again, I'd like to thank all of our employees for their contribution to everything we have accomplished. There is a lot of excitement in the rest of 2022 and beyond. I can't wait for what's to come. I truly believe our best days are yet to come. And with that operator, I'd like to open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  And our first question will come from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, guys. Bill, my first question to you is -- and to Jonathan as well, can you talk about maybe any aspirations for large scale M&A, particularly in Asia? Given the news about your potential interest in Singapore, that that to us is a little bit different than some of the other capital allocation activities that you've talked about. But I'll leave it open ended and you can discuss it as you wish.
Bill Hornbuckle: But Joe, obviously, we love our position in Macau. We're excited about Japan. I'm not going to comment in anything else. We'll continue to be aggressively look at M&A and active to the extent it makes sense. But I really don't want to comment on the Singapore situation. I donât know Jonathan, you want to--. So, we stand as we are Joe.
Joe Greff: Okay. Understood. And though I think you had comments that, obviously, the forward pace in Las Vegas. And of course, the portfolio is not reflecting any consumer retrenchment from any kind of downturn that we're in or maybe going into, which is great to see and that's consistent with others in the industry and others in our coverage universe. Can you talk about what plan B would be in terms of managing the business? If we're going into a downturn, and you see spend per visit and length of stay, God forbids, start to retrench. How do you manage that from an OpEx perspective, from a labor perspective? How does that maybe translate into sort of a flow through, particularly in light of sort of the margin gains that you've achieved since it begin -- started? And that's all for me.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, I'll kick it off and maybe turn part of this over to Jonathan and/or Corey. Look inflation is an interesting thing to our business, obviously, we price our hotel rooms every day. So, we were in a great position there. Most of our food and beverage is also dynamic in some respect, I think we as a company have done a great job with energy. We've already bought energy to the end of 2023. And most of our employees, about 60% of them are in some form of a union contract and the biggest lift on that comes next year in 2023 with a culinary -- we've got about 35,000 employees in some way, shape or form in some kind of review cycle. So, we feel good generally where we are. I would make this broad comment, we just came through hell and back with COVID, we've learned how to manage this company at scale at a premium, meaning we're premium operators with high end product. And I think our margins are still stretching, high 30s into the 40s. Some of our significant properties even higher. Obviously, we're not naive to what may or may not happen. But I feel good about the operating model we put in play. I feel good about the levers that we have and the handle we have on costs. And so Jonathan if you want to talk about some specifics of what might happen, but it's my general view.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. Joe, we've done certainly forensics on prior recessions and the impact of changing customer behavior and pricing on our operating model tried to adjust it for things like the very -- the dramatic, the different supply environment that we have now, better than what was experienced back and say, 2007, 2008. A and it really depends upon where any reduction in demand would come whether it be from visitation, or pricing or both. I certainly believe having seen this now, just in my relatively brief time with the company, our company twice has done has dealt with pretty material reductions in demand last August, September and then of course, back in January, the operating model really works here and the company has playbooks and I'm confident that we will be able to adjust as much as possible to that kind of reduction and maintain margins, perhaps not where they are now but above where they've been in the past under such circumstances. And I think the other thing that I add is we still have a number of initiatives in flight that would help us greatly in such a situation, and those would include of course, the cost work that we've done over the past couple of years and also the MGM Rewards program which is designed, in part to stimulate increased visitation from our regional properties in Las Vegas, visitation that I don't think we get our fair share of now. And also, cross property visitation while our customers are within Las Vegas. These are huge opportunities that I think would be a bit of a buffer for us and that kind of environment.
Bill Hornbuckle: And I think maybe one last comment here to think about our regionals. In many cases, market leading large scale, ultimately, really resorts, they're not smaller properties that do $15 million or $20 million, they're large scale places that hopefully do a couple 100 million. And so our regional portfolio even sets up a little different, you know, two thirds of our database, the average household income is over $110,000. So, it's such that we have a upmarket opportunity in the context of where our customer base are, and therefore, who may or may not be impacted, and how severely by a significant downturn.
Joe Greff: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, guys, thanks and good afternoon. It's awesome. I know getting into property level stuff. And he certainly gave some same-store metrics that were certainly helpful. But I wanted to ask around Cosmo, I believe I could disguise that in the release at the time of acquisition, it was LPM run rating a little over 415 or so. I was wondering as you've kind of gotten in the asset, and it's only been a couple months, but had some time to integrate? Is there anything along the lines of synergies that you think exists there that might be tangible enough to call out?
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, there are certainly synergies in this transaction, they relate to the things you might expect the combination of some facilities that the Cosmopolitan needed to maintain and pay for associated with their relatively small footprint things like warehouse space, corporate offices, and the rest. I'm proud to say that on the day, after we closed the transaction, we had their employees, the CoStar is able to park in the Bellagio garage, and therefore not have to take bus transportation from a remote spot. But the synergies I think will realize over the next couple of years. I would note that the you can probably do this math yourself, but I'll save you a step on the same-store sales -- or same -- and same-store EBITDA calculation in the six weeks that we owned the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas during the second quarter, it generated kind of just a little bit under $60 million of EBITDAR. So, this business is rockin' and rollin' right now. Corey?
Corey Sanders: Yes. And the other thing I would add, Carlos that we've identified immediately is procurement savings that and they go both ways they go on buys that. They were getting through Blackstone, and on buys that were that we get.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you guys. And then if I could just one follow up. I was wondering if you guys had any color you could add on the launch in Ontario and how that's gone. Maybe at an industry level or at a company level what the experience, there has been to date acknowledging if a soccer season on the sports side, but perhaps we could set some color on the gaming side.
Bill Hornbuckle: Carlo, it's Bill. It is softer sports season as you know, we're exactly where we thought we would be, particularly with our iGaming business. Obviously, as you know, it was a great market, it's now been regulated. So there's a couple of dozen competitors. We're in the single digit high single digit market share and growing. And so it's a real, it's clearly a real marketplace that is used to AI gaming and sports betting. And so our entry into that has been productive. And we're pretty excited about what that ultimately all goes.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thanks, Bill. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: And the next question is from David Katz from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Katz: Afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Could we just spend a moment on LeoVegas and just talk through the strategies for that, and how it you know, sort of pitching to the obviously this very busy plate that you have and what success looks like with it?
Bill Hornbuckle: Sure, again, Bill. So, David, pretty straightforward. We believe ultimately that the digitization of our business and therefore our ability to take brands through omnichannel and otherwise and make something real a bit is a real business and obviously, BetMGM is heading to a $2 billion revenue line next year, hopefully profitability by end and we are interested rest of world. And so a smaller acquisition, you know, the numbers, we were probably going to be in at just under 600 million, hopefully throw up between 40 and 50, the first year. But it's got a expandable platform. It's got a built in team that we really like in terms of its management. And so we're looking at M&A, we're looking at gaming studios, they have dabbled in before live dealers live gaming and so we liked the entry. We recognize it's not as large scale and therefore needle moving, as we might want over time, but we thought it was a great place to start. And most importantly, we liked the platform and the players -- I mean the team. And so that's -- in essence, that's it. And we think over time, it's in Canada, as well. So, it's an open marketplace, obviously, for BetMGM LeoVegas, and our partners and entertain as well. And so we just liked the exposure it gives us it's a learning curve for us to understand rest of world and we think we'll learn a lot from these guys.
David Katz: Understood. And as my follow-up. For Jonathan, I just wanted to talk about share repurchases, you've obviously done a fair amount of that of late, and just thinking through how share repurchases, might be an ongoing or recurring aspect of the strategy and, frankly, something that happens quarter in and quarter out and how we might think about that?
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure, David. Well, we mentioned in our results today, we purchased $1.1 billion of shares in the second quarter, that's the -- that's our highest investments since this program restarted a little over a year ago, at the -- should surprise nobody at the most attractive price just 30 -- it's 34 and change. I should note that we since the end of the quarter, we've repurchased another 5.3 million shares at a price just above $29. So we did continue the program into the third quarter. My soliloquy at the end around the around the attractiveness of the value of the shares is certainly one of the reasons we've been so aggressive here and why we will continue to repurchase shares. But it's also true that this was a part of the strategy -- our asset-light strategy to return this capital to our shareholders and fine-tune the leverage of the business and at $4 billion in the past 15 months, we -- I think more of that strategy is behind us than is still in front of us. We do have just under $1 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization and we'll be opportunistic, keeping in mind, some of the other capital requirements we have coming up that we're excited about things like LeoVegas, New York, and so on.
David Katz: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. I've two questions, both related to Las Vegas. So, the first would be just wondering in the second quarter, we obviously all saw a bit of the return of both group convention and some event -- some really large scale events business. Can you just give us a sense of maybe relative to your normal or stabilized mix, how much group made up in the second quarter just to get a sense of maybe what anymore out in the recovery there? And then the second part would just be to just talk a little bit about the health of Las Vegas gaming customer, specifically, maybe some areas about rated versus unrated play, those types of metrics, just to give us a sense of how that's trending as we get kind of further and further into the recovery? Thanks.
Corey Sanders: Hey Shaun, it's Corey. In Q2, we were about 93% of 2019 room nights in the convention segment. And we actually had our highest catering and banquet numbers since the fourth quarter of 2019. So, pretty positive environment there. We did have one large group that canceled, it's been the only group that's not come back. We're happy to say we're seeing most of our big groups come back considerably. With regards to the gaming customer. The business is strong in all age groups across all segments of it, especially in Las Vegas. Even our lower end is strong there. And our unrated continues to be outpaced where we were in 2019. It's flattened out since 2021, but all indications are very strong trends.
Bill Hornbuckle: And Shaun, we have said in 2022, we'd be at about 90% pace to 2019. With the exception of his cancellation, we're right on that point. And so you know, that's, that's been the return of what we expected. And we've seen it. I think next week, we have Cisco in town with 27,000 people. So, tech is back, large scale is back. And so that continues to look real positive into the next year, particularly given. As I mentioned earlier, this city-wide are going to cycle through.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Dan Politzer: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. So, I wanted to hit on capital allocation and your general there, I think, you guys have talked about becoming more global -- and the importance of diversifying your revenues and cash flows? I mean, how do you prioritize that in terms of -- or what's at the pecking order for diversification is it? Is it Europe or international or Asia? Or is it just really the media, that is digital versus brick-and-mortar?
Bill Hornbuckle: I think, Dan, it's actually both. I mean, obviously, we have a keen interest. We're going to invest several billion dollars in Japan if we're given the opportunity. And so that will be another cornerstone for us in Asia. Between that and Macau, we feel pretty comfortable with what's going on there. And obviously, we'll watch like everybody, what happens in Thailand or any place else for that matter. But we like where we are. And furthermore, we'd love to be in Japan at scale. And then for us, obviously, domestically, particularly if you think about Las Vegas and some other places, there's only so many places we can go and continue to grow. And so that's why digital, among many reasons, is so attractive to us and so we're going to continue to lean into that. Obviously, continue to invest in BetMGM. While painful, it's going to be productive. We sincerely believe that now two and half years into this journey. It's hitting its marks, it's doing what it said it was going to do, time to tell in that business how quickly it goes profitable. But at the end of the day, if I said we're going to invest $1 billion in a business and ultimately reap hundreds of millions, and by the way, the build cycle is three years, you'd all say let's go. And so we're excited by that and we remain so. And we'll watch for other opportunities in digital, either through our LeoVegas vehicle or anything else that potentially comes up, that could be meaningful for either strategic or basically broader economic reasons.
Jonathan Halkyard: Only other point...
Dan Politzer: Go ahead.
Jonathan Halkyard: Well, the only other point that I would add is that we have these, we think, two embedded growth vehicles within our business right now. One is ultimate recovery of Macau and the second is BetMGM, as Bill mentioned. And those do not require much more capital, at least as compared to the company's financial resources. At the same time, we've been applying capital to reduce our capital base for the benefit of our shareholders. And I think that will provide real leverage as we expect to see those two businesses provide earnings growth for the company.
Dan Politzer: Got it. Then just going BetMGM, I think you guys said that you're still on pace for the $450 million total investment, which you're 50% of. As you're pacing through, I think you have $160 million or so through the first half of the year. How should we think about the back half of the year and the cadence?
Bill Hornbuckle: The third quarter cadence goes way down given the seasonality. And then we get back into football, which is productive. So the back half of the year, we're going to still have the target number of about 2 to 2.25 invested on MGM's behalf. We are pacing as we thought we would. iGaming has been a little better, which is accretive to us, Sports betting not as much. And you've probably seen this or heard about this. We are continuing to pull down some of our marketing spend. While share continues to be important, particularly in new markets, we're getting smarter and smarter and smarter about how we do this. And so we feel comfortable as we think about 2023 and beyond our ability to make money in this business is within our grasp.
Dan Politzer: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is from Chad Beynon with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Chad Beynon: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. In terms of the Macau gaming draft bill that was released, how are you guys thinking about broadly thinking about what's expected from a rebidding process, whether it's time commitments or capital when we see this at the back half of the year? Thanks.
Bill Hornbuckle: I'll kick this off, and then we have Hubert on the phone. Maybe you can add some color. Obviously, we just got last week the final request for RFP RFI. The process has started. We have until September 14 to make our submission. It's been obviously a tough couple of years. Time to tell who ultimately shows up for submissions, but I'm pretty confident the original six licensees will be there. 10-year window present some challenges when you think about we're still in the midst of COVID. And so the idea of a significant investment would have to be something we'd really understand and study. There is a lot of things that the government wants around social programming, employment, job opportunities and other things that we're going to dig heavily into. There are a lot of things around programming and existing square footage that we already own as we de-lever on junkets and into really more mass gaming around experiences, around culture, around event activity. And ultimately, there's a big push on which kind of plays to our daily work in sports. And so Sports & Entertainment is a big push. They'd love to see more of that activity case in that market. And so I think we're ideally positioned to be able to do that as well. Hubert, I don't know if you want to add any more color?
Hubert Wang: Thank you, Bill. Thank you, Chad, for the question, I think that in terms of timing, we're progressively working on the tender package. We'll submit, of course, before -- by the September 14 deadline. In terms of commitments, the government does focus on overseas market. So this is, I think, where MGM has a lot of strength with its global distribution network. So we'll be able to focus on that. There are a lot of requirements, as Bill mentioned, on the non-gaming side as well. So we'll leverage our traditional strength in arts and culture. And together with the show that we are currently underway to produce, to leverage these strengths to -- for the nongaming diversification that government is asking for.
Chad Beynon: Thank you very much. Appreciate it. And then a separate follow-up. Just in terms of CapEx, slide nine, you noted the $750 million to $800 million for this year. Can you just kind of remind us, are there other, I guess, medium-sized maintenance projects, particularly in Vegas, that could be on the come in the next couple of years? Or how should we think about kind of a go-forward maintenance? Just trying to square what free cash flow could be going forward? Thanks.
Jonathan Halkyard: Now, the largest components of our CapEx, Chad, are room renovations and our technology investments. Through the first six months of the year, we've invested about $250 million in CapEx. So we're behind pace, but I'm confident we'll be pretty close to the number that we've outlined for this year. And those will continue going into 2023 and 2024. And so probably a reasonable number for maintenance CapEx is going to be kind of in the 5% or 6% of net revenue. And we, of course, have a lot of flexibility on timing of those investments if we need to, but we've set forward a multiyear schedule of room renovations that we think are important in order to maintain and grow revenues. And I'll just point out what we have going on right now is room renovations has just begun at New York, New York, one in a large segment of the MGM Grand and then down in Biloxi, a room renovation at the Beau Rivage business, which under leadership of Brandon Bardo and his team is just having a phenomenal year so far.
Chad Beynon: \ Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: And the next question is from John DeCree from CBRE Securities. Please go ahead.
John DeCree: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe one, Bill or Jonathan, on the labor market and your hiring needs, How do you feel about staffing right now? Is it still difficult to get labor? Or are you kind of where you need to be? And then perhaps in the context of build some of the events that you've outlined as international comes back, convention ramps, the big city-wides, will you need to kind of continue staffing to get ready for those busy peak periods?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yeah. Good question. Thank you, John. So look, I guess if there's such thing as good news when I tell you this number. We're under 4,000 open jobs. And remember, in any given usual time, and I'm making usual 2018, 2019, et cetera, we've always had between 1,200 and 1,500. It's just hard to keep the cycle going at the scale that we need. And so we're in a better shape. We still have some key areas like most people in hospitality, around housekeeping, security, cooks, that we struggle with in terms of getting people back to work. And so that continues and it's seeable here and even into our regions for sure, in some of the offshoot markets like Atlantic City and the Beau in Mississippi, Obviously, Tunica has been a challenge, but it soon won't be our challenge. And so I still feel our ability to flex up. We flex up into -- think about our portfolio into the Bellagio and the ARIAs of the world with employees. And so I'm not overly concerned. Things like F1 will be a significant undertaking for the community, but the company -- we're trying to get our head. We've assembled teams around all of that in terms of the opportunity, which is amazing. I think what's going to be ultimately for retail business of note and potentially gaming business. But generally speaking, we're in decent shape. We're not running around with their hair on fire, if you will anymore. But there's still some kind of interesting state of the economy, there's 1.5 million jobs available in this industry of the 11 million jobs still open in America. And we represent that I think, fairly squarely. But we are getting by and pretty excited by the folks that are coming back on board. And I think we're in decent shape.
John DeCree: That's great, Bill. Thanks. And maybe the follow up to that with that in context. Like you said, F1, obviously a big opportunity, a lot of big events, big revenue opportunity. In Vegas, how would you kind of think about or how should we think about the margin profile, as some of those big revenue events come back, but probably some costs as well as you hire? Would you kind of expect margin stability option, any kind of pullback in leisure consumer spending, which is hard to predict at this point, but how would you think about kind of if the cadence as business still ramps in Vegas on the revenue side as well?
Bill Hornbuckle: Look, Corey, will have a view on this, but I will tell you as it relates to something like F1 The retail potential in the upside of that are substantive, like we're talking roommates, 3x, what we are normally and potentially, then some. There are packages that sell for that event at $100,000 retail. And so the scale and scope we have access to our ticket, by alone will be about 20 million, 25 million. And we have access to those tickets, and then the ability to charge as we want and package as we want. And so I don't think that won't will be a margin heard. I'm pretty excited by that one, I got to tell you, some of the other activity. Corey, do you want to add anything?
Corey Sanders : Yes. What I would add, John is our margins probably already seen the impact because of the way we have to record T-Mobile and in the Grand Garden. So now we're going to benefit from these outside events and including what will happen at the spear, they bring U2 and others, they will just bring more people into the city. And I think we saw that, especially with Allegiant with the NFL games, which will be in the fourth quarter and the events that they've had. So I don't think these upcoming -- I think these upcoming events will allow us to bring premium customers in and actually maintain or increase our margins.
John DeCree: Understood. That's really helpful, everyone. Thank you so much, and congratulations on another good quarter.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Robin Farley from UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley : Great. Thank you for taking the question. I was curious regarding your JV partner Entain, you had made an offer now I guess over 12 months ago, and since then, obviously, and Entainâs stock price is down quite a bit and they've lowered guidance. And now your offer -- the offer you'd made last year as a significant premium to where that stock is now. I'm just curious whether -- how much does it make to revisit, because I would think all the benefits of owning 100% of BetMGM are still the same as they were a year ago. So I'm just curious how you're thinking about that?
Bill Hornbuckle: Robin, we think about it all the time. Of course, it'd be foolish to think otherwise. And you can't buy what's not for sale. We remain keenly focused on BetMGM. We'd like more of it. We have a great partnership with them. That business is working well because of what we ultimately all provide, our IP, our database, their technology. And so there's -- there are other ways to skin a cat and potentially we may have to seek those and it is what it is. But obviously we continue to follow the math and we understand it intimately. But for now we have no story there.
Robin Farley : Okay. All right. And then just as a follow-up kind of unrelated. I know you've talked about the strength in Vegas that you're seeing and the forward outlook. I'm curious on the regional front, others have talked about regional kind of flowing and having tough comps. So I'm curious your view for the regional outlook? Thanks.
Corey Sanders : Yes, Robin. This is Corey. I think we have two different sets of regional properties unlike our competitors, I think when we think about National Harbor Boulevard, Borgata, you get a lot of tourists, a lot of FIT type customers in those properties. We're seeing the same strength, we're seeing in Las Vegas. As we get into our more traditional driving markets. The hiring customers are continuing to come in and play in that levels, they were probably seeing a little softness at the bottom end of that range, and a little bit in the unrated, especially at properties like Empire.
Robin Farley : All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will be from Barry Jonas from Truist Securities. Please go ahead
Barry Jonas : Great. As we look through your different strip properties in Q2, and now. Are there any major differences in performance as you sort of moved from the higher end to the lower end?
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, I think it ties to the broader market. Look anything tied to luxury and high end retail and you can obviously put into that case, Bellagio, Aria and now The Cosmopolitan parts of MGM and parts of Mandalay are doing amazingly well. Room rate activity remains in the high teens, ADR percentages above all things ever. Our food and beverage and our costings, and our pricing, excuse me, is extremely strong. And so it ties to just about everything else you've heard about in the broader economy, we're able to leverage up on higher end retail products. And it's done well for us. Coreyâ¦
Corey Sanders : And the high end gaming piece in those properties, we are seeing that incremental play. So you'll see those properties outperform the legacy properties.
Barry Jonas : Got it. Got it. And I just wanted to ask about iGaming, just curious if you have any expectations around future state legalization, you think anything, maybe it's possible in the next year or two?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, I think there are a couple of states. I think the reality is there's not a dozen right now. I think there are a couple states that were clearly targeting. We think they have everything but iGaming in them. And they obviously make an interesting subject and initiating discussion with regulatory government officials and ultimately regulators. There's a couple though, that we have benchmark for next year. And we think we can break into and continue to grow that because it is the key to the bottom line of that business, as you know. And so we're excited to continue to do that. It's going to take some time though, in depending on how deep this recession may or may not be. When states need money, sometimes they turn to this vehicle. So we'll see.
Barry Jonas : Got it. All right. Thank you. Congrats on a great quarter.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you Barry.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session, I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Hornbuckle for any closing remarks.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, operator. Just a couple of key thoughts as you think about our call today. And again, congrats to our entire team. I couldn't be happier with where we are and what we've accomplished. Much has been done, and frankly, obviously much more to go. There has been, I think, a shift. There's this insatiable aptitude -- appetite for travel experience, experience based economy, and the millennial stepping into it. And I think we've seen it in all of our properties, particularly here in Las Vegas. When you think about The Cosmopolitan and others. I think we're in a great place, I think we're ideally suited to take advantage of it. You think about travel experiences and how things are reported out. We feel ideally situated to do that. We think we've proven our working model, our operating model has worked, I should say, whether we lever up to the success we've had in the last two quarters, or frankly, whether we need to weather the storm coming up. We think we're in great shape to do that. And we think we've learned a great deal as we think about the future, frankly to go either way. We're not naive to what the economy may or may not do. And so we have constant pressure on ourselves around employment, around labor, around all things expense related, and we remain keenly focused on that. We've all lived through this before, and don't want to see some of the mistakes we've made in the past replicate it. And so we're on that. But generally speaking, if you think about where the company is today, our balance sheet of know the opportunities in front of us to go more into Asia, potentially to go more into digital, to potentially buy back and take back some more shares for our stakeholders. I think we're in an amazingly great place, and I couldn't be more excited for our future. So I appreciate everyone's time today and support generally and we hope to we continue to do the same kinds of thing. So thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Jonathan Halkyard, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Hubert Wang, President and Chief Operating Officer of MGM China; and Andrew Chapman, Director of Investor Relations. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please note, this conference is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Andrew Chapman. Please go ahead.
Andrew Chapman: Good afternoon and welcome to the MGM Resorts International first quarter 2022 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the internet at investors.mgmresorts.com. We've also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During this call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation of the GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Bill Hornbuckle.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, Andrew and good afternoon and thank you all for joining us today. I'd like to begin today's call by once again thanking our employees at MGM Resorts for their determination, agility, perseverance, and commitment to assets that helped fuel another strong quarter for our company. We were challenged in January by the Omicron variant, but pivoted quickly into recovery mode, leading to multiple all-time EBITDAR record at several of our Las Vegas and digital properties in March. These results showcased the strength of our talented team across the country, our focus on operational efficiency, and the continued strong demand for the service and experience we provide at MGM Resorts. Today, I want to acknowledge and thank our employees, again, for all that they do every day to take care of our guests and each other. As a company, we remain laser-focused on our strategic plan and our long-term vision: to be the world's premier gaming entertainment company. As a reminder, our strategic plan consists of the following four priorities; investing in our people and our planet; providing unique experiences to our guests by leveraging data-driven customer insights and digital capabilities; delivering operational excellence at every level; and allocating our capital responsibly to yield the highest return for our shareholders. Over the last several quarters, we've discussed the meaningful steps we've taken to simplify our corporate structure and monetize the real estate assets to meaningfully bolster our domestic cash condition. We reached another important milestone in this journey, Friday, April 29th, when we closed the strategic transaction with MGM Growth Properties and Vici. I'd like to thank James Stewart, Andy Chan, and the Board and employees of MGP for all their support and for the great relationship we have built over the years. Our transaction with Vici allowed us to fully deconsolidated MGP from our financial reporting and also netted us approximately $4.4 billion in cash, which we will use to invest in our core business will also continue to assume meaningful growth opportunities. One such opportunity is our announcement today of the tender for LeoVegas, our success with BetMGM in the United States gives us more conviction than ever about the potential for digital gaming and our ability to grow share in the exciting new marketplace. And with this conviction, we are expanding internationally with the team at LeoVegas. Its strong technology platform and pipeline for growth present a compelling opportunity for our business to grow online. We'd like to thank the management team at LeoVegas for their professionalism and support throughout the process, and we look forward to working with that team when the deal closes in the second half of this year. Another opportunity that we're quite excited about is the pursuit of a commercial gaming license in New York. The recently enacted fiscal year 2023 budget includes provisions that will allow the issuance of up to three new licenses in the state. We'd like to thank Governor Hochul, and the New York legislature for getting this important issue across the finish line. We're eager to begin the RFA process and share our vision for the future of the property in Yonkers, where if we receive a license, we plan to replace the existing VLTs with slot machines and have table games through our existing casino floor and construct new amenities on portions of our 97-acre site. Again, we're excited by this opportunity and look forward to investing this discipline in New York to create new jobs and foster economic growth in the region. Turning to our Las Vegas growth strategy, we made solid progress towards our acquisition of operations of The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas and are on track to close this quarter. The Cosmopolitan is an iconic brand with a loyal and complementary customer base that will further enhance our Las Vegas Strip portfolio. We've met with key leaders at the Cosmopolitan over the last weeks and months, and are impressed by the quality of their team, as well as the culture and the brand that they have build. We look forward to welcoming all the CoStars at the Cosmopolitan to MGM Resorts and adding this existing portfolio -- of property, excuse me, to our portfolio. We've also made progress on the sale of the operations of the Mirage to Hard Rock International, which we announced last year. We are working closely with regulators to ensure a smooth transition and expect this transaction to close in the second half of this year. Shifting to our international growth strategy. Last week, we submitted our area development plan to the government of Japan with our partners at ORIX and the City of Osaka. This is the final milestone before a license decision will be made, hopefully in October of this year. We continue to work closely with the national government to obtain a license that will be hopefully awarded later this year and bring a fully integrated resort into Japan. In the UAE, we continue to make progress in beginning the MGM brand family to Dubai, where we have a management agreement for an integrated resort being developed in partnership with wasl. The is broken ground in a development process, and we remain diligent for opportunities to bring the MGM brand to other locales around the world. Turning to BetMGM, we are now live in 23 markets with New York, Illinois, Louisiana and Puerto Rico coming online in the first quarter and Ontario launching in early April. In February, BetMGM committed 24% market share in active markets in both US sports betting and iGaming, which puts us in the number one position nationwide. BetMGM is the clear leader in iGaming, having reached 28% market share in February. The BetMGM management team will be able to provide more color on results and the strategy at their investor meeting on Thursday, May 12. Finally, I'd like to spend a few minutes on our organic growth strategy. On February 1, we relaunched our loyalty program as MGM Rewards with a goal to target high-value non-gaming customers in addition to gaming customers, increase cross-property patronage and tier progression, while motivating benefits and further activate BetMGM customers at our properties. We've seen solid results since the launch of MGM Rewards in Q1, particularly as it relates to our omnichannel growth strategy with BetMGM. In the first quarter, 57% of our MGM Rewards enrollments came via BetMG driven by the Super Bowl, compared to 39% for the full year in 2021. We've committed to our strategy of building loyalty between our different channels and ultimately creating a seamless experience for our customers to play both online and in person. Before I turn this over to Jonathan, I'd like to hit a few highlights of our current trends and our future outlook. In Las Vegas, we maintained strong margins in the first quarter, a reflection of the sustainable operating learnings implemented from the pandemic, Strong weekend occupancies and ADR were driven by a robust event calendar, and we see that trend continuing into the second quarter. For the mid-week, our occupancy is still behind 2019, but an improving mix of business and a growing group base will allow us to ramp in the remainder of the year. We continue to expect our convention room nights to reach 90% of 2019 levels in the back half of 2022. Importantly, we are seeing increased spend levels for our groups year-to-date, including catering and banquets, and to spotlight, our international leisure trends were beginning to see positive indicators of the return of international flight capacity. In fact, by this summer, the LVCVA expects international flight capacity to return to 80% of pre-pandemic levels. Further highlight events in Las Vegas, we were honored to host the Grammys at MGM Grand Garden. We welcomed the BTS army to our properties for four sold-out shows at Legion Stadium. This past weekend, we also hosted the NFL Draft, which activated the entire Las Vegas Strip. We also have big sporting events coming with the NCAA Men's Basketball Regionals on tap for March of next year, along with the first of a kind Formula 1 Race in the Las Vegas Strip in November of 2023. And, of course, we will host the Super Bowl in February of 2024. All of these big events show the incredible progress the City has made as an entertainment and sports destination. Looking to our regional properties, we had a very strong first quarter with competitive margins to 2021 and we are focused on driving strong rated gaming revenues by yielding our database with the highest value players. Finally, I want to touch briefly on our operations in Macau. We continue to see headwinds in the short-term with public health policies impacting the ability for customers to enter Macau. Despite this, our 13% market share is higher than we have seen historically, and our properties are well-positioned to capture premium mass business as volumes begin to return. Concession renewal process is underway, and we remain confident in the government's judicious and fair approach to this process. Macau is an important part of our future, and we will continue to work with the government to ultimately get our license renewed. We look forward to further promoting the long-term development of Macau's gaming industry and supporting the government's tourism and diversification goals for the region. With that, I'll turn it over to Jonathan to discuss the details of the quarter.
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks very much, Bill, and good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to echo Bill's words by thanking the entire MGM Resorts team for their professionalism and resiliency in the face of an ever-changing operating environment. I'd also like to thank the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas team for their support as we plan for closing, and I look forward to welcoming the CoStars into the MGM Resorts family this quarter. Now let's spend a few minutes on our first quarter results in some detail. Our consolidated first quarter net revenues were $2.9 billion, and our net loss attributable to MGM Resorts was $18 million, a significant improvement when compared to net revenues of $1.6 billion and a net loss of $332 million in the first quarter of 2021.  Our first quarter Las Vegas Strip, net revenues were $1.7 billion and adjusted property EBITDAR for the Stirp was $594 million. Net revenues were down 1% on a same-store basis due to 343,000 fewer occupied rooms, nearly all in January. However, same-store adjusted property EBITDAR of $472 million was up 21% versus the first quarter of 2019, demonstrating our broad-based margin improvement.  First quarter occupancy was 78%, but it was a different story each month of the quarter. The Omicron impact was significant in January, during which occupancy was 65%. We recovered to an occupancy of 78% in February and finished the quarter with occupancy of 90% in March. The strength continued into April, where we saw an occupancy of 92% on the Strip. Despite the pandemic impact, ADR in the first quarter was $197 or $184 on a same-store basis, which was $1 above the first quarter of 2019. And same-store excludes ARIA and Vdara in 2022.  Again, a different story each month for ADR. ADR had a similar cadence as occupancy, down 11% versus the first quarter of '19 in January, then up 4% in February and up 9% in March, driven by strong weekend demand. Simultaneous increases in volume and pricing improved our financial performance dramatically as we went through the quarter.  Las Vegas Strip margins were 36% for the quarter and 35% on a same-store basis, an improvement of over 600 basis points versus 2019 on a same-store basis. We have the blueprint in place to sustain margins well above 2019 levels through our cost efficiency efforts and operating leverage.  As Bill mentioned, together with robust group demand, there is exciting programming in the second quarter that will drive increased leisure business in Las Vegas and support occupancies in the low 90s. Our first quarter regional net revenues were $891 million, an increase of 11% versus the first quarter of 2019. We delivered regional adjusted property EBITDAR of $313 million, which was 48% above 2019. Our regional casino business was quite strong despite the typical seasonality in the business during the first quarter. Our casino revenues improved 23% versus the first quarter of 2019. Our first quarter regional margin of 35% grew 882 basis points versus 2019. The promotional expenses in the regional markets are stable and a few points below 2019 levels. Room nights were down in the first quarter due in part to staffing challenges, but that situation is improving nicely this quarter. Moving to Macau. Net revenues of $268 million in the first quarter represents a 9% decrease compared to the first quarter of 2021. Adjusted property EBITDAR was a loss of $26 million in the first quarter versus a positive $5 million in the prior year quarter. Now, the current quarter also included a charge of $18 million related to litigation reserves.  We're confident in Macau that our product offering – in our product offering and we believe that once demand returns, we're very well positioned to grow, particularly in our premium mass and mass segments. Turning to BetMGM. Our 50% of BetMGM's losses in the first quarter amounted to $92 million, which is reported as part of the unconsolidated affiliates line of our adjusted EBITDA calculation. This was driven largely by the initial investment in New York, but we expect these losses to narrow in the upcoming quarters. The growth story for BetMGM is a key pillar in our long-term strategic plan. Connecting BetMGM with MGM Rewards allows us to develop a strong omni-channel link with our customers that will optimize our guest experience, both online and in person. Our first quarter corporate expense, including share-based compensation, was $111 million, which included $9 million of transaction costs. We're strategically investing our corporate expense in growth areas, including improvements to our IT infrastructure, enhancing our digital offerings and our IR efforts in Japan. And before we wrap up our prepared remarks, I would like once again to reiterate our approach to capital allocation. First, we'll maintain a strong balance sheet with adequate liquidity. Second, we'll invest where we have clear advantages exercising prudence and measuring prospective returns for our shareholders. And finally, we'll return cash to shareholders. And I think our actions thus far this year amply demonstrate our priorities in allocating capital. We have the closure on Friday of our strategic transactions with VICI and realized $4.4 billion in proceeds for MGM, bolstering our liquidity and strengthening our balance sheet. This quarter, we announced or will close two strategic growth investments to augment our digital and Las Vegas market position, LeoVegas and The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. Finally, during the first quarter, we repurchased 23.3 million shares for $1 billion. In April, we repurchased another 6.2 million shares. So since the beginning of 2021, we've repurchased 72.7 million shares for approximately $3 billion or 19% of our market capitalization. This activity brings our share count down to about 425 million shares. With that, I'll turn it back to Bill for his closing remarks.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. We've made solid progress in the company coming out of the pandemic, and our operating models are strongest as it even been. I'd like to again thank all of our team members for their commitment and dedication to MGM Resorts. We've not be in the position we are today without all of their hard work. Obviously, we are looking forward to the rest of 2022 and beyond with confidence and feel our best days are yet to come. With that, operator, I'll turn it over and take questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session  The first question will come from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon. Everybody, hope you’re well. Bill, Jonathan, I want to ask you from where you sit, how you view your typical consumer and how they're maybe behaving both in Las Vegas and regionals. Are you starting to see any slowdown, given obviously what's out there in terms of higher gas prices, higher interest rates, an equity market that hasn't really done well this year? And is that translating at all into any kind of pushback on hotel pricing, food and beverage pricing, particularly on the Strip? Any pushback on maybe out your kind of group bookings? And then are you rethinking maybe how you're pricing hotel and F&B product?
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks Joe. Look, I think generally, the answer is we have not seen any of that yet. We've seen obviously a tremendous amount of strength in March. April has continued. I think maybe Corey is probably best suited to answer some of this, and maybe Jonathan can finish it up. But Corey, if you want to--
Corey Sanders: Sure, Joe. We're not seeing anything -- any change in customer behavior. Pricing power is still strong, putting betting revenues are breaking records, so we're not seeing it.
Joe Greff: Great. And then I know it's relatively small or very small, LeoVegas. Can you talk about how that fits with your joint venture? And then can you just talk about that company's exposure maybe to presently gray markets? And would you expect that business to maybe see a trend change in revenue trajectory as some of those gray market -- markets tend to transition into legitimate, more developed markets?
Bill Hornbuckle: Sure Joe. Let me take that one. The first thing I want to start by just stressing our partnership with Entain as it relates particularly to BetMGM and what we've accomplished has never been better. I think we've finally really caught stride. You can see that in some of our numbers and our market shares, we're excited for the next launch that the guys will go through and define some of the product that's becoming our way. And you'll hear a whole lot more about that on Investor Day on May 12th. As it relates to Entain specifically, we tried a year ago, as you know, to buy them. And I don't think a whole lot has changed. You've probably watch the basis of their shares and our shares kind of go hand-in-hand. And we said then, and I'm going to repeat now, we need and want to diversify the revenues in this company. We absolutely thought the space was the right space when we did the BetMGM deal. It's now been double validated by that, particularly the iGaming segment, which LeoVegas is extremely strong in. And so we made our move. To your point, it's not the world's largest acquisition, it's bite sized. It does, though, give us exposure to nine global markets that we don’t currently have. We love that team, what they've been able to accomplish over the last 11 years. They've had over the last five years, 16% compounded growth year-over-year. And so the team has been great, Gustaf and all he's been able to accomplish. The Texas rate, the platform is -- sits down on the cloud. So, all of the technology we looked at, and I can assure you, we look at it a lot. It's first-class. And we're going to get about 850 employees. There's several hundred of them who are technologists, something our company can desperately use and need not only obviously for this effort, but potentially for other things long-term in the company. And so for us, all good things. As it relates to markets, about 75% of their current markets are in regulated markets, there are a few and only but a few that are single-digit that we will close down because of our BetMGM, New Jersey being one of them. I think they -- I don't think, I know they had 1% share in New Jersey market last month. So, I don't see any of it as consider any kind of real hurdle to get through. And they have demonstrated and we know because we have growth potential within that organization, that there are other things to go out and capture. I think this last quarter would demonstrate when others potentially have struggled, they again had a great quarter. I think they just reported this morning, €14 million EBITDA, which is about a 35% gain over the first quarter of last year. So I couldn't be more excited by the transition, even more so by the team and the ultimate technology and just the opportunity, I think, it provides us longer term. It's pretty exciting for us.
Joe Greff: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Please, go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question. Jonathan, maybe this one is best suited for you. But as you think about kind of the current kind of outlook for Las Vegas and you guys provided some color on the group stuff. Clearly, Las Vegas has had seasonality over the years. But as you think about the balance of 2022, and obviously, the challenging January with the variant spike and everything else that came with it, with group business coming back, is it kind of -- do you get the sense that maybe the market could just build quarter by quarter as we move through the year? And secondly, I did just want to revert back to something you guys said a couple of quarters ago, is that, when the group business returned, it would be a slight hindrance to margins, but greater EBITDAR dollars. As the cost structure sits today, I'm assuming you still feel pretty confident that, that's what you'll see?
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. Thanks. Let me take those two questions in turn. First of all, as the year unfolds, we do see the group business continue to build. In particular, the second quarter will be very strong for our group business, and that's because, our team was able to rebook many of the group customers that canceled back in January into the second quarter. So all that being said, our business, as we've grown it, we've diversified our revenue streams, is not as seasonal as you might think, that through our event strategy and through our marketing strategy, we've been able to really, I think, drive levels of business across the year that really keep our properties running at an optimal level. But the group business, of course, was down in the early part of the year, but we're seeing it continue to grow and will exit the year at about 90% of 2019 levels. As far as the margin dynamic you described, yes, clearly, as we bring back that important segment of the business, it's going to drive additional EBITDAR. And depending upon the types of groups that we get, it may have a slight diminishing effect on the margins. The margins this quarter are a really interesting story. As you know, in Las Vegas, we reported about 36% EBITDAR margins for the quarter. But those started out in the low 30s and ended in the low 40s as we drove that additional occupancy. So generally speaking, occupancy is really good for margins in our business.
Carlo Santarelli: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from David Katz from Jefferies. Please, go ahead.
David Katz: Afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about LeoVegas a little bit, just having suit on it through the day. It looks as though it has an inherent CAGR growth rate the way it is. But are you able to change the brand? Does MGM sort of wind up on the shingle in some way? What do you need to accelerate that from? I think it's a 16% CAGR that's in some of the information out there. And what's -- where is the ceiling for this? What's the long-term vision for it?
Bill Hornbuckle: David, I think we see it as a vehicle to continue to grow globally, and it's a great starting spot because we, again, fundamentally liked the foundation of the company, both in management and technology, particularly in iGaming. LeoVegas in Sweden, they have a dominant share. They're over 35% in the Nordics. We're fifth-gen in markets from the Nordics and in Sweden, in particular, they have a dominant share. So that's of interest to us. they will use our -- we, ultimately, if we are able to get this through, we'll use our brands, MGM, Bellagio and others because, obviously, it will be our company. And one of the things that kept them restrained was capital. And, obviously, given the balance sheet, given our desires and our aspirations in this space, they won't be capital restrained in the near term. And it's something that we hope to have them lean into, and we're happy to help with that. We'll be cautious about it, we'll be, as always, wanting to understand growth and regulatory environments and all things that are out there. But again, we've seen them demonstrate their ability to grow both organically and with acquisitions. And we have a couple of targets in mind with them to continue to grow that we think makes us a bigger piece of the pie for us and ultimately puts us on the map.
Jonathan Halkyard: If I can add…?
David Katz: Sure.
Jonathan Halkyard: So, David, if I could add one thing to that as well is that while we're very proud of the progress we've made on our share repurchases or just over a year, we've repurchased 19% of the market cap of the company, and that was an important part of the asset light strategy. But this allocation of capital to a company like LeoVegas, and perhaps follow-on investment into that platform with other M&A opportunities, is exactly the -- also the type of allocation of capital that we had in mind when we set about this strategy to put it towards digital gaming, higher growth verticals and a platform we could extend our brand internationally. So it really does complement our capital allocation strategy.
David Katz: Understood. And if I can just follow-up quickly regarding Vegas, and I think you touched on this in a -- from a few different perspectives. But as the mix rolls into April and the mix changes and we get -- start getting more convention and midweek step backs, what happens to ADR as we roll through the year? Any thoughts about that would be helpful.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, David, it's Corey. What the convention business will do is it will help us in our midweek ADR, which we've had a little bit less pricing power with that business that will allow us to yield up those rates. Our casino base continues to be strong, and we don't see that business displacing that. To the contrary, we'll displace the lower end package business before we do any of the casino business.
David Katz: So up is the answer, more or less?
Corey Sanders: Yes.
David Katz: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much. Jonathan, I just wanted to start with margins. You gave an interesting trajectory there, just how the quarter unfolded related to the growth and improvement in occupancy. Any reason that we should be more cautious as we move through the year relative to what you delivered in the March timeframe? I think one thing you've highlighted in the past is a little bit around mix shift. But has gaming remains pretty strong so far? Just maybe help us think about puts and takes on Las Vegas margins.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. I mean, performance – it’s almost impossible to overstate just how strong our performance was in March. This company was firing on all cylinders and it was helped certainly by a very strong event calendar in the month. So, revenue levels to a property and margins in the Vegas market in the regions were very strong because of that.  Going forward, there's no meaningful changes to the cost structure that we're going to see as we go through the year. The strength that we're seeing in group demand and what that means for rates, particularly in midweek will be healthy for margins. The casino business has been particularly strong. As we've said on prior calls, we do in our business planning, expect some of that spend to normalize over the year. And to the extent that happens, is that could be a take on our margin levels. But like I said in the call, we're certainly comfortable with margins level being sustained in Las Vegas that are well above those that we delivered in 2019, and we certainly did that in the first quarter.
Bill Hornbuckle: And Shaun, Bill here, maybe just a little added color because I can't help myself. So in January, in the midst of Omicron, we're in the low 60s, Las Vegas margin was still 31%. And by that time, March rolled around and we reacted to the business that improved 1,000 basis points in March. Led by – and this is another thing I'll brag on them because I'm proud of this for the team and the company particularly, Bellagio did – and I know we don't normally give these, but I can't help myself, Bellagio did $84.5 million in EBITDA in March. Don't go times 12 now. Having said that, it just shows the strength and it is a property 22 years into its history at an all-time month. And a lot of it was helped by margin. When you're doing 41% margin, it just helps.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you for the color. And then just as a follow-up, sort of a similar question, but on capital allocation this time. Obviously, I think the number given was 6.2 million shares repurchased in April. You kept a very strong pace as we look through Q1 and of course there was -- I think, a little bit of a repurchase or a tender offer there by a single shareholder. So – can you just help us think about programmatic versus opportunistic as we think about the buyback pace going forward, obviously, a ton of cash in the door? So maybe just help investors think about the balance of the year and continuing some buyback in addition to all the other things you're able to invest in?
Jonathan Halkyard: So we – in just over a year we’ve just done, just over $3 billion of share repurchases. I think it's fair to say that this is a bit ahead of the pace that we might have predicted last year. And it's because we've been opportunistic with opportunities the market presented in terms of the pricing of our shares, which we believe are undervalued. That being said, we now have largely come to the conclusion of the asset monetization strategy that we set out with the closure of the VICI-MGP transaction last week.  And we have before us a number of interesting M&A opportunities and other growth projects. Bill mentioned two of them, New York and of course, LeoVegas in our prepared remarks. So we're going to keep powder dry to be able to jump on those opportunities as they present themselves. So I think it's fair to say that our pace of share repurchases might be lower as we go through the balance of the year. But again, a lot of it is driven by opportunities the markets provides us.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas Allen: Thank you. So one of your comments earlier piqued my interest that this LeoVegas acquisition was going to be potentially a platform for other deals. Can you just talk about that a little bit more? I mean, I think LeoVegas has the reputation of being really an iGaming-first platform. I know they use Kambi for the sports betting part of that business. Are you interested in Kambi  by a sports betting platform? What other opportunities do you see in the digital space? Thank you.
Bill Hornbuckle: Clearly, to launch, I think there -- as the industry continues to expand, whether you talk about Africa, South America, Brazil, other places, we will continue to look at that through that vehicle. There are other like-minded acquisitions of scale in Europe that still exists, particularly Eastern Europe that potentially exist. And so look, recognizing it's a bite size and midsized opportunity for us, the goal of buying it wasn't to keep it there. We've talked about diversifying revenue and ultimately cash flow, it's going to take some volume to do that. And so this is our start into that genre. And we like that team from an acquisition perspective, they've got the right mindset and again we like the way that they think about the business. We like the way they market their business. Their margins have been good and for reinvestment in the business, never been great. And so we'll use that. I don't know about tomorrow, but I can expect very soon once we get through this transition and transaction, we'll be back at looking how to grow that business, both organically and through acquisition.
Thomas Allen: Perfect. And then on the BetMGM side, I think last quarter, you talked about having about $450 million of losses this year. Do you think that that's still a fair estimate? And then like what are your latest thoughts on the competitive environment on the revenue environment for the US sports betting item. Thanks.
Bill Hornbuckle: Look, first answer is yes. Second one is I don't want to take Adam's thunder, if you tuned in May 12 at the Investor Day, they've got several hours of it, but generally good. From where we sit, we love what we see. We understand the noise around it all, but we're seeing through it, particularly with iGaming. And so I think Adam and that team, Madden Company will be digging into it in some great detail, Joe.
Thomas Allen: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Robin Farley from UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great. Yes, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about what kind of returns you may be targeting in New York?
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, look, arguably, as we know to date, the opening bid, and this is our -- obviously, an RFP process is $500 million for license. We know that tax is currently set at an opening minimum of 10 and 25, which is favorable. It's kind of interesting, we're talking about a $0.5 billion license fee as favorable. It's the highest in the history of the industry by 5x. Having said that, we like where the governor went with it, we like the opportunity it creates. We had hoped to invest up to a couple of billion in the first round, Phase 1, to put us into the table games business, to expand some of the amenities and put it much need parking garage there to put an entertainment facility there and potentially some other things, we think that will attract the kind of market that's available to us both in the neighborhoods and the surrounding areas, like all of our stuff, we target mid-teens and beyond, and this wouldn't be any different. And so I think that's a good way to think about it.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Thanks. And can you talk a little bit about LeoVegas, the tech capabilities and how that compares to what you have in the US?
Bill Hornbuckle: Look, I would say the key differentiator there is it's cloud-based. And therefore, when you talk about expansion and scalability and you talk about the ability to bifurcate the front end from the back end, it presents that fairly easily. And so we're not running around having to deal with a bunch of hardware. We're not running around and having to deal with code-based that goes back a decade or so. And so it enables us to be quick and scale principle of two differentiators. And then they've demonstrated the ability to in-house game studios and others to have the casino business is meaningful. Obviously, we'd like to think, and we've seen this through at MGM when we put our brand on things, it works. It works exceptionally well. Some of the best games on BetMGM are MGM-branded games and so we intend to do the same and grow that business from there. And then I think the last thing and the thing that's noteworthy both here and there is live dealer. It's a space in a place we want to continue to push into. This will give us one of the vehicles to do that. And if you think about it, and you all understand some of the valuations in the industry when it relates to live dealer providers, at our core, it's our stores that represent what they do. If we can't do this in a fun and compelling and exciting way, then shame on us, so we think there's a great opportunity to do that as well. And again, Vegas' backbone and background enables us to do exactly that kind of offering.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question is from Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Dan Politzer: Hey, good afternoon everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. So, I just wanted to hit one more on Las Vegas. Can you talk maybe about the booking trends across the different properties in your portfolio in terms of luxury versus core? Is there any discernible differences in bookings, just given the volatility in the air fares and fuel prices?
Corey Sanders: Dan, this is Corey. We're not seeing anything different than we would have seen in the past. I mean, this luxury properties obviously aren't -- don't have any challenges. Mid-week when you don't have convention business in the legacy properties have probably a little bit more of a pricing challenge, but that's very similar to what we saw pre-COVID.
Dan Politzer: Got it. And then just actually on the regionals, I think in the deck, you mentioned that staffing is expected to continue to ramp, but the margins in this business have been pretty remarkable in that mid-30s range. I mean, as we think about, you continue to ramp, bring back non-gaming amenities, maybe the labor and cost inflation that's out there, how should we think about the cadence of the margin structure for the regional business over time? Is this current rate a good enough level, or should we moderate our expectations over time?
Corey Sanders: I think we're getting to the finer strokes in terms of the opening of nongaming amenities, ones that are important but are not financially material enough to meaningfully move the margins, one way or another. So -- and what's happened also is -- in recent months, we've been able -- because of the labor availability has improved, cell capacity open that we really need in order to meet the demand. And that, of course, helps margins when we can have more customers in the hotel. So I think the impact going forward in the regional markets, on the amenities, on margins is going to be very small.
Dan Politzer: Got it. Thanks so much.
Corey Sanders: Okay.
Operator: Next question is from John DeCree from CBRE Securities. Please, go ahead.
John DeCree: Hi, Bill. Hi, Jonathan. Thanks for taking my question. I know the international business and group business is really just starting to ramp up now. But curious -- or maybe Corey, if you have any insights as to the spending patterns of those customers as they come back to Las Vegas. We saw that revenue spending of the US domestic leisure traveler and trying to get a sense of how well some of the other customer segments are spending when they're actually getting back to Las Vegas?
Bill Hornbuckle: Let me kick this off, John, quick and turn it over to Corey. Kind of the international -- one of the interesting things is, and I mentioned in my comments, the 80% return in international air. Despite the success we've seen so far, particularly in the last 90 days or last 75 days, Canada has not fully returned yet. And so, that's good news and why. But the good news is, we've only seen about half of that come back. And so, we think there's a substantial uptick to come when that finally opens up. We think Mexico is there. Europe’s been about half as well. And then, obviously, we have not seen much from the Far East, whether it's either leisure or at the higher end of the business. Although, the international marketplace is holding up from a casino perspective. And so, I think the genesis of all of that between Canada, Europe and ultimately, whether it be six months, a year or God knows from now, the balance of Asia returning, it will all be accretive and additive to where we are today.
John DeCree: Thanks, Bill. That's helpful. Maybe one on Japan. I know you gave an update, hopefully, towards the end of the year, licensing process and if you're successful, could you give us a ballpark sense of what a time line might look like from there, in one of the probably most exciting projects you guys have on the horizon. Curious as, rough outline as to when you might be able to get a shovel and ground and potentially get moving, if the licensing process kind of goes under the current timeline?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. Thanks, John, for the question. And we agree, to think we have a crack in this market at scale and be one of the long-standing survivors, I think, will be pretty compelling for all of us. That said, I'd hope to be doing pylons by late 2023, early 2024. And then, this is -- given its scale, this is a four-and-a-half-year project to build. So this is a 20 -- late 2028 into 2029 project is really the way to think about it, I think.
John DeCree: Got it. Thanks, Bill. Thanks, Jonathan. 
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, john.
Operator: The next question is from Chad Beynon with Macquarie. Please, go ahead.
Chad Beynon: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to dissect the casino segment. You noted in the slide deck that slot revenue on a two-year -- or I guess, on a three-year stack basis was up 20% to 30% in the regionals in Vegas, where tables was flat to up 10%. I understand that Vegas is probably, because of the higher end baccarat, hasn't returned, that you just touched on, Bill. But what's the disconnect in the regional markets? And is this something that could be a structural change to the business, just higher percentage of slots versus table revenue going forward? Thanks.
Corey Sanders: Hi, Chad, it's Corey. In the regionals, and particular, -- and Jonathan touched on this a little bit with the room limitations, especially at properties like Borgata that had an impact on tables. We are starting to see some of that play come back. In Las Vegas, the typical game play is pretty solid, and you're doing that without any Asian player. So to even be up there, I think, is a testament to the strength of that market. And Chad, I think to your core question, fundamentally, is there a change? I mean time to check, there might be, we don't see one. I mean, I think we're seeing some of the same activity case, whether it's the extreme amount of cash business we see in Maryland. We just had a very successful tournament this weekend in Borgata, which proved once again, the marketplace is there for us on tables for Blackjack. And so fundamentally, we don't see it. We understand the numbers you're dissecting but you look at a place like here Detroit, by the way, for the day. If you look at Detroit, where they still have some restrictions that are hampering this business and when they begin to ultimately and finally come off, we hope to see some of this as well.
Chad Beynon: Okay, great. And then regarding the Cosmopolitan and Las Vegas acquisition, how quickly after the close, can the asset be implemented into your -- I guess, your portfolio in Vegas and just your loyalty system? Thank you.
Bill Hornbuckle: It will take depending on the system and the environment. Some stuff is pretty quickly and some of it will take ultimately out through a year. When you think because we want to do it properly, we want to integrate the property, we want to make sure for both employees and guests, particularly their rewards guests that there are no takeaways. And so it just depends on what segment and what piece of that environment you're talking about. But again, it's anywhere from 90 days to a year depending on how we're -- what the particular subject matter is. We're in -- I think we've said earlier, to make a mistake. That place has done exceptionally well. I think it's like if you look back trailing 12, like $450 million of cash flow or something around that number. And so we're going to go cautious and relatively slow.
Chad Beynon: Perfect. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Barry Jonas from Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Barry Jonas: Great. Thanks. I appreciate you're not seeing any impact to the consumer yet from inflation, but can you just talk about how long the booking window is in Vegas today? And then to what extent you have forward visibility across your markets, given all the macro uncertainty out there?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yeah. Barry, the booking window is similar to what it's been in the past, it's past 90 to 120 days, we have plenty of visibility there, and we're pretty comfortable with that. We're not seeing any slowdown in those areas.
Barry Jonas: Great. That's great to hear. And then just as a follow-up question, you noted in the deck, and I think in the remarks, how BetMGM will integrate seamlessly into MGM Rewards. But how are you thinking about cashless gaming, maybe the ability to allow players to use their BetMGM wallet to fund purchases and play at your physical casinos? Thanks.
Bill Hornbuckle: I don't want to take Adam's thunder, but he'll go over that product offering come May 12th. But he’s single wallet is literally in the making, and he'll talk more about that on Investor Day.
Barry Jonas: We'll talk about integrating that with your physical casinos?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. Yeah. Obviously, given the environment, given the state, there's a lot of regulatory that goes along with that, but structurally and from a technology perspective, our ability to do that is coming soon.
Barry Jonas: Great. Looking forward to it. Thank you so much.
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks Barry.
Operator: And the next question is from Ben Chaiken from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Ben Chaiken: Hey, how is it going? In Vegas you get some very helpful intra-quarter margin commentary. Could you give us some color on where we stand on a same-store sales basis on some of the nongaming nonhotel spend? So, I guess, F&B, entertainment, etcetera, just ballpark versus '19?
Corey Sanders: Sure. Ben, it's Corey again. The food and beverage numbers are at '19 levels now, even with less covers, a little bit less covers, so as occupancy picks up, we come pretty close to there. The entertainment spend pretty close to where it is in '19 also. There's a lot more supply out there. So, we're seeing our average ticket prices up in many of our venues with occupancy remaining fairly consistent.  So all in all we're pretty comfortable with what we're seeing in the spend in the other areas. And then eventually, the catering and banquet business comes back and March was a great month for that. We have some properties that had actually record catering banquet business. Once again, that is a higher-margin business than just normal restaurant business. So we're pretty optimistic about that also.
Ben Chaiken: That's really helpful. Thank you. And then on Downstate New York, if you do receive one of the licenses, you mentioned slots, tables, some new amenities. Would it ever make sense to start on those new amenities now and then, I guess, dial up or back the project based on the outcome? I guess the thought process being to get a head start. At one point, there was discussion of netting out any spend at the property against the license fee. I'm not sure where we stand there, if that was just noise?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. I don't know that given the competitive nature of this, the netting out piece will sustain. I suspect it won't. Look, we don't want to be presumptuous. Obviously, we like where we stand. I think we've served that community well and in turn, they're prepared to support us. We're going to go like hell to make sure that the day this happens that slot machines are ready to go into the building. And we're going to flip out roughly 1,000 machines give or take, to bring in tables as soon as we possibly can within months.  And we're going to make an assessment on a parking facility and when to go on that a master plan. We had to ultimately get our head around the master plan, which we're working on diligently now. I wouldn't mind under any circumstance parking needs to be a real piece of this. But it's a couple of billion dollars, and we're going to be thoughtful about how quickly we do go when it's all said and done.
Ben Chaiken: Make sense. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Hornbuckle for any closing remarks.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you. Thank you all for joining us today. Again, I just want to emphasize the resiliency of our team and the company, in fact, even the industry. I mean, given how quickly we all came out of COVID and what we were able to do in particular examples like the one I mentioned in Bellagio in March, kind of unprecedented. So, I couldn't be more excited by it and thankful for everyone's effort on that. Our future has never been brighter. We're sitting on an extensive amount of liquidity. You saw us put it to work immediately with LeoVegas in a space that we're highly interested and highly motivated by. And our balance sheet is fortress. I mean, we have never been in this position. And so we're going to continue to look at proper ways to allocate capital, whether it's stock repurchase or most -- or more notably, I think, at this venture, ways to grow our cash flow. And we've continued to enjoy the growth of Las Vegas in the context and events capital of the world. Now in sports, with all the things I mentioned earlier, Formula 1 of note coming forward, every weekend that we had a game or an event down in the South and was a teens digit growth norm for those properties. And so that's all inherently built into our future now. And so we're very excited by that as well and what's happening in Las Vegas. We're excited by New York, of course. And then ultimately, I think Jon put a point on it, long term, Japan is a very exciting thing for the company, will help massively diversify our revenues more globally. And so with that, operator, I thank you, and I thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: And thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are: Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Jonathan Halkyard, Chief Financial Officer; Hubert Wang, President and Chief Operating Officer of MGM China; and Sarah Rogers, SVP of Corporate Finance. . Please note, this conference is being recorded. Now I would like to turn the call over to Sarah.
Sarah Rogers: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at investors.mgmresorts.com, and we have also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During this call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You could find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation, which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Bill Hornbuckle.
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, Sarah, and thank you all for joining us today. We had a very strong end to a great year, producing our highest consolidated adjusted EBITDAR quarter ever in the history of the company. Our Las Vegas Strip resorts delivered yet another all-time quarterly EBITDA record, and our regional delivered a fourth quarter EBITDA record. Our Strip and regional margins also remained very strong in the fourth quarter. These results are testament to a very talented team across the country, our sharpened focus on operational efficiency and the proven resiliency of demand for the services and experiences that we provide at MGM Resorts despite the overhang of COVID. Our employees remain the cornerstone of our organization, and I am so appreciative of their dedication to our company and our guests. We could not have achieved these phenomenal results without our world-class team members. We know it has not been the easiest of journeys over the last couple of years, but I cannot say thank you enough and how grateful I am for everyone in the MGM family. Simply, thank you. Our strong employee base and our leadership team also propelled us forward to advance our strategic plan and long-term vision to simply be the world's premier gaming and entertainment company. As a reminder, our strategic plan consists of the following 4 priorities: investing in our people and planet, providing unique experiences for our guests by leveraging data-driven customer insights and digital capabilities, delivering operational excellence at every level, and allocating our capital responsibly to yield the highest return for our shareholders. I briefly touched on the great results we delivered in the fourth quarter, and Jonathan will go into more detail in his remarks. For now, I'd like to spend some time highlighting the significant milestones we achieved in '21 to transform our company. First, we took steps to complete our goal of monetizing our real estate assets meaningfully bolstering our domestic cash position. We have simplified our structure, bringing the operations of City Center fully under our control, selling MGP to VICI, a transaction that is expected to close in the coming months. We are also making strategic changes in our Las Vegas portfolio with the announced acquisition of the operations of the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas and the sale of the operations of the Mirage. We believe these transactions will enhance and diversify our offerings in one of the most desirable and competitive destinations in the world. At MGM, our joint venture with Entain has established a strong brand and leaders in position with the U.S. sports betting and iGaming space, finishing 2021 as the #1 operator in iGaming, and the #2 player in overall sports and iGaming. I am incredibly pleased with BetMGM's excellent execution to date. We have substantial progress in Japan where the City of Osaka chose us as their partner to build and operate a new world-class integrated resort. Doing so will allow us to continue to diversify geographically into what we believe will be one of the world's largest gaming markets in the world. We also returned meaningful cash to our shareholders. And finally, we bolstered our executive team last year with the addition of Jonathan and Tilak Mandadi, who recently joined us from Disney. They both have already been vital to the execution of our long-term goals. We are pleased with all that we've accomplished in '21, and we're even more excited how this sets us up for strong momentum into 2022. Starting with BetMGM, we remain confident in the team's ability to sustain and advance its leadership position in both new and existing states. And evidenced by this comments, both owners anticipate collectively investing another $450 million BetMGM this year. You heard from Adam and Gary on their recent call, and we'll hear more from the BetMGM team during their Investor Day in May. In terms of new expansion opportunities, we are working with our partners, Orix, in the city of Osaka to submit an area development plan to the central government by April. We remain hopeful and confident in being awarded a license later this year to build an integrated resort in Japan. Stateside, we're encouraged by the continued progress being made in the commercial gaming license opportunity in New York, which could be awarded as early as this year. We believe MGM is extremely well positioned given our existing operations in Empire City. And finally, as we think about organic growth in our business, we see an opportunity to deepen loyalty and garner incremental revenue share by maximizing the full potential of our network of premium resort properties and entertainment venues across the U.S. We are addressing this opportunity through a fully coordinated company-wide effort, which leverages our strategic investments in advanced analytics, data and technology. Our goal is to identify and efficiently acquire high-value gaming and non-gaming customers by optimizing our target marketing, improving on-property service and improving new experiences for those guests throughout their visit. We view our loyalty program as an integral part of this effort to acquire, to engage and to retain high-value customers. On February 1, we announced the enhancement and the rebranding of our customer loyalty program from M Life to MGM Rewards. Not only does the name better align with our business, but the updated program allows us to address key opportunities, including targeting high-value non-gaming customers in addition to high-volume gaming customers incentivizing cross-property patronage and tier progression with more motivating benefits, and further activating BetMGM's customers in our properties. In 2021, approximately 42% of our new database enrollments came from BetMGM. We envision that this rapidly growing group of omnichannel customers will be able to reverse seamlessly between our online and offline offerings over time, experiencing MGM Resorts benefits proportionate to their tier status. MGM Rewards is the first of several steps in organic growth journey to attract and retain more high-value gaming, digital gaming and nongaming customers. Over the next several years, we'll be investing over $2 billion into our properties, creating customer-centric experiences and services in addition to the needed technology platform and advanced analytics to better engage and service our guests and drive market share in our principal markets. Before I turn it over to Jonathan to discuss our fourth quarter and full year results, I'd like to make some high-level comments on our current trends and the future outlook. As you all know, the emergence of Omicron variant in November led to rapid rise in COVID cases. Fortunately, this didn't put a damper on the year-end and plans we had -- and had a great December. However, January, which typically relies more heavily on group business in Las Vegas saw significant headwinds driven by groups mostly looking to postpone until later in the year. Cancellations while elevated, were mostly concentrated in a very short term with limited impact beyond March. CES in January was the most visible event this year with attendance down approximately 70%. Despite the tougher January, we're happy to see COVID cases again on the downswing across the broader U.S. Cancellations are declining and group lead volumes are normalizing. Forward hotel book has been stable over the past few weeks and are once again starting to outpace 2019 levels. I expect that given positive COVID trends in Nevada, we will start to see meaningful loosening of COVID restrictions in the very, very near future, consistent with what we have seen in other states. Furthermore, our weekends have remained very strong. In fact, this past weekend, the city had the East West Shine Ball, the NHL All-Star game at T-Mobile Arena, the NFL Probo-Alleged Stadium, Garth Brooks at Dolby Live at Park MGM and a pay-per-view fight in the Michelob Ultra arena at Mandalay. Our strip hotels ran 91% on Friday and 98% on Saturday. This upcoming weekend, we expect a very strong Super Bowl turnout, and we look further -- and as we look further out for the first time ever, the Grammys are coming to Las Vegas in April, and we're hosting this iconic event at the MGM Grand. Las Vegas is also serving as the host of the NFL draft in a couple of months' time. These types of wins continue to demonstrate that the city with MGM Resorts at its epicenter, remains a resilient and leading destination for exceptional of entertainment and now most notably, sports. Turning to our regional properties. We delivered an all-time record EBITDA year in 2021, with most of our properties leading in GGR shared with their respective markets. Our regional success continues to be driven by our premium offerings as well as strength in our rated gaming spend levels, combined with our efforts to yield to our higher-worth customers. We are reopening nongaming amenities at a measured pace as demand and resources allow, and our teams remain focused on labor productivity, giving us confidence in our ability to sustain margins above 2019 levels longer term. I will conclude with some comments on Macau. Despite the continued choppiness in the operating environment driven by various travel restrictions and structural shifts in the high end, MGM China reached an all-time record 14% in market share. The official launch of the Emerald Suites at MGM Cotai during the quarter enhanced their hospitality offering and is helping us also grow share. We believe MGM China remains well positioned for the market's eventual rebound given its strengths in premium mass. Importantly, recent constructive developments around the concession renewals, reaffirm our confidence in the government's judicious and fair approach to the process. Macau is an important part of our future and we will continue to work with the government to ultimately get our license renewed. We look forward to further promoting the long-term development of Macau's gaming industry and supporting the government's tourism and diversification goals for the region. As many of you know, this is Cathy Park's last earnings call with us. I cannot thank Cathy enough for all that she has done for the company and wish her all of her very best. Although I will note today, it's 69 degrees in Las Vegas, and it's not so in Boston. Jonathan, with that, it's yours.
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks a lot, Bill. I'd like to join Bill and deep gratitude for our entire team here at MGM. Your heroic efforts have allowed us to deliver another quarter of outstanding results. And I look forward to working with you to continue this success in 2022. Now let's discuss our fourth quarter results in a bit more detail. Our consolidated fourth quarter net revenues were $3.1 billion, a 13% sequential improvement over our third quarter results. Our net income attributable to MGM Resorts was $131 million, and our adjusted EBITDA improved sequentially to $821 million, led once again by our domestic operations. 16 of our 17 domestic properties achieved either all-time or fourth quarter EBITDA records. And 14 achieved either all-time or fourth quarter margin records. This performance reflects strong broad-based demand across all segments, even into the latter part of the quarter, which is typically our seasonal low period. We also demonstrated our ability to improve our operations while maintaining cost discipline against the backdrop of workforce and supply chain challenges. Our fourth quarter Las Vegas Strip net revenues, which now fully includes City Center, were 26% above the fourth quarter of 2019 at $1.8 billion. Adjusted property EBITDAR for the Strip was $699 million, 84% above the fourth quarter of 2019. Hold had a positive $8.5 million impact on our EBITDA this quarter in Las Vegas. So Hold adjusted Strip EBITDAR was $690 million. Our Strip margins were 39% in the fourth quarter, a 1,200 basis point improvement over the fourth quarter of 2019 and equal to our margins in the third quarter of 2021.  We continue to drive healthy casino performance in the fourth quarter with Strip, slot handle and table games drop increasing 31% and 17% above the fourth quarter of 2019, respectively. Now that's when including Aria and excluding Circus Circus Las Vegas in both periods. Our fourth quarter casino revenues grew 66% over the fourth quarter 2019 or 40% when including Aria and excluding Circus in both periods. Notably, for the first time since the pandemic began, our rated 65-and-over age demographic in Las Vegas reached its pre-pandemic levels in terms of room nights in the fourth quarter. Our Strip hotel occupancy was 86% in the fourth quarter, improving sequentially from 82% in the third quarter. This was driven by strong weekdays anchored by our best convention quarter since the pandemic began and even stronger weekends. Our ADRs in the fourth quarter were 19% above that of fourth quarter 2019 or 7% above on a same-store basis. Now Bill will discuss the current operating dynamics, which have been challenging and also why we continue to be optimistic about our business beyond the first quarter. To help provide a sense of the magnitude of the impact presently, we just finished January with Las Vegas Strip occupancy at 66%. But we expect the rest of the first quarter to improve with February occupancy running in the mid-70s and March in the mid-80s. February and March ADRs are pacing near 2019 levels, fueled by weekend ADRs up over 20%. And while we had occupancy drop last month, January was our highest booking month since March of 2021, and it was better than any single month in 2019. These are rooms that were booked in January for the future. Yes, we all feel pretty good about the outlook here in Las Vegas. Our fourth quarter regional net revenues were $900 million and flat versus the fourth quarter of 2019. We delivered adjusted property EBITDAR of $309 million, which was 36% above 2019 levels. Combined with our Las Vegas results, our domestic businesses delivered over $1 billion of EBITDAR in the quarter. Our fourth quarter regional margins grew 900 basis points over the fourth quarter of 2019 to 34%. Recall that our third quarter margins grew by a similar 886 basis points over the third quarter of 2019. Our regional casino business remains strong despite the typical seasonality in the business during the fourth quarter. Our slots and table games volumes improved by 7% and 5%, respectively, over the fourth quarter in 2019, and our net PO per day for our rated customers increased 34% over the same quarter in 2019, led by our high-value $400 segment. I'd like to make some comments about our cost structure and how it has evolved over time. Our Las Vegas and regional EBITDAR margins have remained very strong throughout the last year. And while they benefited from pent-up consumer demand and elevated casino spend, they also evidence the great work that our teams have put into maximizing the effectiveness of our operating model and rethinking how we run our business. This ranges from labor productivity to optimizing F&B offerings to strategic player reinvestment. And as we continue to staff our teams to more sustainable levels and our nongaming revenues increasingly become larger contributors to our overall business, we expect our domestic margins to stabilize still well above 2019 levels. Moving to BetMGM. We're currently live in 21 markets, having launched in both New York and Louisiana in January as well as Puerto Rico today. The team remains busy, that's probably the understatement of the call, with expectations to go live in Illinois next month as well as Canada later this year. Adam and Gary from BetMGM provided a business update back on January 19, and during which they announced having delivered net revenue from operations of $850 million in 2021, growing nearly 5x over 2020. We expect the momentum to continue into 2022 with BetMGM expecting to deliver net revenue from operations of over $1.3 billion. Our 50% share of BetMGM's losses in the fourth quarter amounted to $57 million, which is reported as a part of the unconsolidated affiliates line of our adjusted EBITDAR calculation. This brings our share of BetMGM's losses to $211 million for the full year 2021. And as Bill alluded to earlier, we continue to believe that BetMGM is one of the most attractive growth opportunities for our company and one that will generate meaningful returns on our investment. Finally, in Macau, overall market-wide gross gaming revenues in the fourth quarter grew 2% sequentially from the third quarter. MGM China's net revenue grew 9% sequentially to $315 million and adjusted property EBITDAR slightly declined sequentially to $5 million, partially driven by VIP hold and higher bad debt. Travel restrictions are still the greatest bottlenecks to a more meaningful recovery in the region, but we remain encouraged by the clear signs of demand for our offerings. In fact, for the recently ended Chinese New Year holiday period, total visitor counts to our properties were up 30% over the prior year, with our mass segment showing healthy year-over-year growth and recovery. Fourth quarter corporate expense, excluding share-based compensation, was $117 million, which included about $8 million of transaction costs. We incurred some additional expenses related to our loyalty program relaunch and true-ups for performance-related compensation. And as a result, we expect that our net corporate expense in the fourth quarter will run lower -- for the first quarter will run lower than in the fourth quarter. Unfortunately, one of the most important topics facing our company today is the allocation of our capital. And we believe that among the most productive uses of that capital is returning it to our shareholders. At current trading levels, we believe there's tremendous value in the shares, and we've acted on that conviction. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased approximately 17 million shares for $727 million. And so far this quarter, we've repurchased roughly 8.5 million shares for $370 million. Since we started the program last March, not even 1 year ago, we have repurchased over 52 million shares for just over $2.1 billion. That's over 10.5% of our market cap. These repurchases have been funded in part by a series of transformational transactions announced over the last year. Transactions that improve our portfolio, simplify our structure, bolster our liquidity position and advance our vision to be the world's premier gaming entertainment company. This year, we are working to bring these deals across the finish line. Our transaction with VICI remains on track to close in the second quarter, subject to regulatory approvals. We also expect to close our acquisition of the operations of the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas in the second quarter, subject to regulatory approvals. In December, we announced our agreement to sell the operations of the Mirage to Hard Rock for $1.075 billion representing a 17x multiple on its 2019 adjusted EBITDAR less rent. And we expect this transaction to close in the second half of the year. We remain highly liquid. As of December 31, our cash position, excluding MGM China and MGP was $4.8 billion or $7.4 billion when adjusted for the VICI, the Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas and the Mirage transactions, as well as the retirement of our $1 billion senior notes coming due next month. Our approach to capital allocation continues to be as follows: first, we'll maintain a strong balance sheet with adequate liquidity; second, we'll return cash to our shareholders; and then finally, when assessing potential growth opportunities, we'll invest where we have clear advantages and we'll exercise prudence in measuring prospective returns for our shareholders. And then before I turn it over -- back over to Bill, I'd just like to address my final comments to our organic growth plan, starting with our new MGM Rewards loyalty program. Today in Las Vegas, we attribute over 80% of our gaming revenue to specific customers enrolled in MGM Rewards, enabling the delivery of personalized service and relevant offers. But when it comes to hotel dining and entertainment spending, that percentage that is attributable to specific customers is less than 40%. For MGM, these nongaming revenues amount to approximately $5 billion per year in Las Vegas alone. And I think we'd all agree that MGM has the best, most diverse hotel dining and entertainment experiences in Las Vegas. This is a huge opportunity for us. Expanding the ways our customers earn rewards, simplifying the benefits that they receive in return provides compelling reasons for guests to share their journeys with us. As our understanding grows, it will enhance our ability to provide a more compelling, personalized experience and offers for our guests. As a result, we believe will drive deeper loyalty and grow our customer base over time, delivering financial gain for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it back to Bill for his closing remarks.
William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. Jonathan, by the way, just celebrated his first years anniversary. I wonder what he's been doing. When I first spoke with all of you as the CEO approximately 2 years ago, I expressed my desire to be focused, disciplined and transparent in how we run this company. I believe these virtues have served us well over the last couple of years, and I believe they will continue to serve us well into the future as we look to drive long-term shareholder value. I'd like to close by thanking again all of our employees for their service, for their commitment and their dedication to this company. Together, we've accomplished a lot in the past year, and I'm excited about what we can further do and accomplish this year and beyond. With that, Chad, I'll turn it back to you for questions.
Operator: . And the first question will come from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff: Congratulations on the results. Going in tonight, I wanted to ask you, as you are going into first quarter, what sort of hotel pricing elasticity you're experiencing, particularly on the weekend that you've addressed that. So I just wanted to clarify, I think, Jonathan, you had a comment, and I didn't capture all of what you said with regard to the revamped MGM Rewards loyalty program. You said 80% of the gaming revenues come from the current loyalty program, the nongaming is only 40%. I guess, just to kind of understand if you got to parity what would that revenue opportunity be? And would that incremental revenue be at margins that would be accretive to the current blend of Strip EBITDA margins?
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure. I was really intending to draw the distinction between the level of tracked revenue that we have through our gaming revenue as compared to nongaming revenue. And so it's an opportunity -- and that was the difference between the 80% and the 40% here in Las Vegas. And it's meant to illustrate the opportunity that we have to create a closer relationship with those guests of ours who generate nongaming revenue for us across our hotel, restaurants and entertainment venues. This is a massive business for MGM Resorts. It's a huge opportunity for us to grow share within those customer spend areas. And so we'll be detailing as we go through the year with the launch and the success of the MGM Rewards program, which rewards these guests for that spend and that allows us, of course, to customize offers to them.
Joseph Greff: Great. And then my follow-up question is related to New York, assuming you're able to build a full-scale at Empire City. What do you currently envision for that property? What would be the CapEx? How much disruption would there be as you're expanding and renovating that property?
William Hornbuckle: Joe, great question. It will take some time. Obviously, we need to understand what the tax is going to be, what the licensing fee is going to be. It will determine a great deal. Presuming we're fortunate enough to win a license and ultimately, go forward. If we do it, I would say, the way it was done in National Harbor, where you have an opportunity to create great jobs, a great environment, a great property because the tax ultimately and the fee is reasonable enough to allow us to do that. You're looking at a spend somewhere in the $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion Phase 1, give or take. We have 97 acres there.  We go back and forth, what kind of things we might want to put there. We could see quickly in the existing environment, a couple of hundred tables. We currently have 5,500 slots, which is massive. And so we reduced that to a certain degree. And then we build it out over time, clearly a need for a structured garage but there's a much broader vision to be had longer term. But I think -- and look, the opportunity location, all of the things that would be meaningful to us in terms of a network and ultimately, omnichannel back here, both with BetMGM and ultimately Las Vegas as a cornerstone to that discussion could be very meaningful for the company. But we've got to be given the opportunity to spend capital to make it work. And so it really hinges on that discussion almost more than anything else. But that's a starting point. I think a good way to think about it.
Operator: And the next question will be from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: I wonder if you could maybe touch on CapEx a little bit. Obviously, I think there were some numbers given in the presentation about sort of your targets for 2022. Jonathan, that looks a little bit above, I think, historically, maybe you thought closer to $400 million to $500 million for the core domestic portfolio on a maintenance basis. So could you help us elaborate on some of the spending in 2022. And then I think there's also a $2 billion number mentioned over maybe the next couple of years. So maybe you could help us think about some of the project like the project focus going forward?
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure. Two reasons for the elevated number against that maintenance target or history that you described: one would be some deferred maintenance that the company experienced during 2020 when the properties were closed and many of our employees were furloughed. The company didn't spend much CapEx at all during 2020. So some of it is making up for that. We also are taking on in a deliberate way, some hotel remodels in our system. We talked about, of course, Luxor and Bellagio last year. This year will be the Bora Bag New York-New York and beginning on some of the rooms at the MGM Grand. So those are all pretty meaningful investments, and we think in every case are going to drive nice returns and improvements in guest experience. The $2 billion number that you mentioned, that's really looking out to the next several years. And I would put it largely in 3 categories. The first is a continued program of room renovations across the system that we've now kind of laid out for the next 7 or 8 years. The second is technology investments led by Tilak and his team, most of which are going to be directly experienced by our guests. And then the third, our growth capital investments within our core portfolio that we'll expect will drive a very nice return for shareholders. So those are the main buckets of that $2 billion number.
Shaun Kelley: Great. And then maybe just as my follow-up. You gave some color on, I think, the margin build, and I think margin sustainability remains the $10,000 question across the space. So could you just help us drill down a little bit as you look at -- you were very stable quarter-on-quarter. I think you mentioned negative mix as some of maybe the kind of entertainment and food and beverage amenities come back in '22. But what are you seeing on the labor front, specifically? I think you do have some union relationships that might actually help protect you a little bit from some broader inflation. So maybe just help us walk through a few of the pressures you think you'll be up against and what maybe some of the offsets are in 2022?
Jonathan Halkyard: Okay. So on the labor side, we're experienced generally labor inflation of 3% to 4% on an annual basis. So it is meaningful, but it's sustainable for us. We were also compared to back to 2019, we were down 22% in FTEs in the fourth quarter. It's a little bit better than the third quarter where we were down 25%. And we believe with the learnings that we've put in place, the actions that we took on the operating model a couple of years ago that ultimately we'll stabilize at the level of FTEs 15% below 2019 levels. So that's some of the build that I talked about with bringing employees back but that has an offset, which is -- there are some things for sale that we don't have open right now that we'll be able to open when we bring employees back. And the final thing, I guess, add in terms of the margin structure is there's really 2 sources of these 1,200 basis points, 1,000 basis point margin increases that we've had. One is the cost reductions, the improvements in efficiency that we've done, the $450 million of cost savings. The second is a mix of customers oriented more towards casino over the past 6 months, which has been accretive to margins. And we believe that as that returns to a more normalized mix of business that, that will have a dilutive effect on margins. But overall, we'll improve EBITDAR for the company.
Operator: The next question will be from David Katz from Jefferies.
David Katz: I wanted to follow up on that just a little bit because we often engage in discussions that compare your Vegas margins with other operators, et cetera. And fairly, it's different for a number of reasons. And I -- what I'd love to do is just get a sense for what the inherent pressures are. Jonathan, you talked about some of the labor issues and some of the other costs that are moving because of the current circumstance. But does the size of your operating platform? Where does it help? Where does it weigh on your ultimate landing spot for margins in the next couple of years?
William Hornbuckle: Well, look, this is Bill, David. In the context of higher end, higher volume business, while there's a ton of cash to be made potentially with high-end gaming customers, they come with some margin. They come with G5 and other things that tie to that activity case. And so we have more than all in that category, and so that drives proportionately. When you think about entertainment and you think about Bruno Mars and you think about Lady Gaga, they're taking large chunks of the revenue out of the building right away. And so our entertainment platforms that scale tend to add to margin differentiators from some of the others. And then just generally speaking, particularly when we think about REA, you think about the matching you think about what we're doing here. As a percentage of our overall business here being Bellagio. Luxury comes with some additional expense and additional service.  Can we sustain 1,200 basis point margin increase? No. But we've said before that we're looking at 400, 500 or 600 basis points is a real place, and we believe that to be the case going forward. And so once again, COVID and Omicron during January has clouded this discussion. But as we come out of it, those 22% FTE reductions are very real. Those positions are gone. And so it will be to us from where we were and where we started very accretive.
Corey Sanders: And David, what I would add, this is Corey. Like type properties, Bellagio versus Wynn or New York, New York versus a legacy property of a competitor. Our margins are equal, if not better.
David Katz: Understood. And as my follow-up, I may date us all a little bit. But I recall the NBA All-Star game being in Las Vegas a number of years ago. And it's not -- and the outcomes not being particularly great. But the sporting events that you're hosting these days seemingly are great. And is it that you're better at managing those? Is just the -- there's some relationship that's improved there? Why are these great? and I recall that one being particularly not great.
William Hornbuckle: Look, remembering that event because we hosted part of it, I was down at Mandalay at the time. A lot of Southern California showed up with that crowd. It was an awkward time, as I recall. And so, no, it was not a stoic event for the community or for the properties. It just wasn't. If you look at the Raiders though, as a simple example, remember what happened there. Half of their seat licenses went to people out of town. The folks in town are now selling those seats, by the way, to other visits. So the Raiders have talked about 60 -- of their numbers, not ours. 68% of those seats on a game day are to added counters, big pickup in millennials. And so between the activity case around the Golden Knights, around the Raiders, around a lot of the college activity that travels with big-time fan base, we have gotten our head around it. I think we're doing a much we as the community, not just our company. We're doing a much better job around it. And like anything, we learned a lot from what to do and what not to do during that event. And we have become, without a doubt, and we're talking about NCAA regional finals. We're talking about the Final 4 someday. We got the Super Bowl here in '24. Arguably, we've become Americas, it's not part of the world's most popular sports destination because it just isn't a 3-hour game, it's a 3-day event. And so we're enjoying that, obviously, particularly with the South and Strip and Allegiant, starting with T-Mobile on to Allegiant, all of that is all us. And so we are sandwiched right in the middle of some really exciting stuff.
Operator: The next question will come from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Jonathan, you touched on this a little bit as you talked about kind of the transition into more entertainment. And Bill, obviously, you just referenced it as well, but entertainment and F&B and some of those other nongaming revenues that come back. When you look out towards the back half of this year, obviously, you guys will be facing some historic second half gaming comparisons. As you think about that transition and some of the margin degradation, do you feel like the comment you made earlier about over time, it will be more EBITDAR, but at a lower margin? Could that hold true in the second half? Or do you think that will take time to build on the non-gaming side?
William Hornbuckle: I'll kick this off and turn it to Jon. A couple of broad thoughts. Clearly, even in the fourth quarter and third quarter last year, convention business did not return to normal. Corporate business had not returned to normal. And we have huge margin, particularly in the catering and banquet in that business. We had no appreciable international play to speak of. Almost nothing. With the exception of -- we had some Europe play, but Asia was a nonevent and just general tourism that comes internationally. And I still believe there's a segment of the business. I had dinner with a gentleman last night, hadn't been here in 2 years, multi guy loves Las Vegas just was afraid to come back. So I think there's a segment of the market that has real disposable to spend that we have not yet seen to return. And so for those 3 broader reasons, I remain optimistic we've put us at a pretty high bar, I get the general question.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. I would just add that it's important to note that in the third and fourth quarter, we're still running 7 to 10 points lower than normal in occupancy. So this business we're talking about, this gentleman Bill mentioned, the group business. This is additive largely to the current mix of business that we've had. And so that's another reason why we believe that we can continue to grow the earnings of the business, although the mix will be different as these customers come back.
Corey Sanders: And what I would add, Carlo, the strength of the casino segment, we don't see it slowing down, including the fact that international should start returning here beginning first -- end of first quarter, second -- hopefully, second quarter. And look, the business we would displace is probably the lower-end leisure package business with that additional business.
Carlo Santarelli: Right. That makes sense. That's great. And then I know you guys obviously just talked about January being a tremendous booking month. As you think about where we sit today with the group outlook and maybe some of the stuff that was choppy in the first quarter, I'm presuming a good chunk of that may be shifted in the back half or is sitting there waiting for first quarter of next year? And anything you guys could provide about the group pacing for second half of this year in 2023?
William Hornbuckle: I'd make a broad comment, and Corey follows is much closer. But look, we probably lost about 150,000 room nights this quarter in that space. most of them tried to rebook or have rebooked. And when I say try, remember, we've been up this 2 years in terms of COVID. And so when I look at next October, there's not a lot of space left at the end in some respects. My general view is we will come a long way back by fourth quarter and will really begin to normalize by end of '23. I think is the real way to think about this, by the end of the back half of '23, we'll be back to full normal. And we've got some things that are accretive to us. Our cancellation fees that end up on the bottom line that are highly margin -- 10% margin to that. And if we can turn around and refill it with leisure, that's helpful. So leisure demand picks back up, particularly in the second quarter. I think there's a little upside to all of that.
Operator: The next question will be from Chad Beynon with Macquarie.
Chad Beynon: I wanted to ask about Macau and just take your temperature in terms of what the market is thinking about maybe timing of a recovery or at least some green shoots given that we've seen some Chinese New Year numbers and it's certainly a fluid situation. And then related to that, could you just kind of opine on the changes with junkets and VIP rooms? How you're positioned to transition this business and keep it in-house?
William Hornbuckle: Yes. Let me maybe try -- I know Hubert is on the call with us and you stayed up late. So let me give me this moment of opportunity here. Hubert, if you could help us.
Hubert Wang: Yes. So thanks, Chad, for the question. In terms of timing of the recovery, I think that -- generally speaking, we have seen the recovery in play in the past year. If you look at 2021, the number was higher than 2020. But overall speaking, it's driven by the -- obviously, by the mass segment. You mentioned Chinese, you actually we're pretty satisfied with the Chinese New Year performance, particularly on the mass side. We'll take Amgen, for example. I think that we have reached 85% of the pre-pandemic level in terms of mass volume if we measure that by a table drop. So that's encouraging. But overall speaking, in China, which is basically a vast majority of our customers where they come from. Their policy, prevention of COVID policy is very different from the ones that you see in U.S. So they call dynamic the 0 case. So as soon as there is a case popping up somewhere in China, so there are strict travel restrictions in place for that barrier. But now in China, it's getting more and more precise. They can really -- the acquisition of precise travel restriction target to certain areas. But the intact Macau is that these areas travelers won't be allowed to come to Macau or they have to go through quarantine. And in the past year, we have seen that happening almost every quarter as close as to see the markets like Shenzhen or even Zhuhai and sometimes in northern areas. So I still believe that these things will happen in 2022 this year. And coupled with that is also the NAT test. So if there are cases in China, typically, these regions will require 24 hours test results to be presented when they enter Macau. So it's an inconvenience to these travelers. So in terms of broad recovery, we really need to look at all these travel policies, restrictions, when that's going to be eventually lifted. So I think that ties to overall the national policy and also the vaccination rates. But I'm pretty confident that 2022 will be a better year than 2021, driven again by mass, particularly at the high end of the mass. Question upon the last point is that you asked about the conversion between what's happened in the junket world. So by now, I think that all the junket operators in the traditional sense have basically ceased operation in Macau. So the players or the agents working for the previous junket operators are trying to find place to settle down. So it's still quite dynamic in the marketplace as far as the conversion of the former junket players to in-house players, and to some extent, to premium mass players as well. So what we are working on is, first of all, focusing on mass. I think that's where the future resides. And second, is to capture as much conversion from junket to in-house to mass as possible. And on that note, I think that we are also looking at reallocating the resources, particularly the table units to support the mass growth eventually. So we are going to reallocate more tables to -- from VIP to mass in the coming quarters. So Chad, does that answer your question?
Chad Beynon: Yes, Hubert. Really appreciate it.
Operator: And the next question will be from Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo.
Daniel Politzer: So I wanted to hit on the capital allocation share buyback. You guys have been pretty active there. I think buying back $700 million or so in the past couple of quarters and 370, I think you said for the first quarter. So I mean, is that -- is this kind of $700 million level a reasonable expectation to have on a go-forward basis given your -- I think you have maybe $900 million left? Or how should we think about this going forward as you look to return capital to shareholders?
Jonathan Halkyard: Well, we do like to be consistent. At the same time, we are able to take advantage of opportunities of softness in the shares. And that was one of the things we were able to do during the fourth quarter particularly in December. As I recall, we were able to be aggressive, and we thought that was the right thing to do given our view of the value of the company. So I would suggest that the fourth quarter was certainly, it was the highest quarter, I think we've had in several years, but it was merited by the value that was in the shares. And so going forward, we'll be programmatic about this, and we continue to think it's a good use of capital. I wouldn't commit though to any specific dollar amount simply because it is driven in part by the trading value of the stock.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. And then could you just remind us when you'll be a full cash taxpayer?
Jonathan Halkyard: We'll be a full cash taxpayer in 2025.
Operator: And the next question will be from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: So you guys have had success integrating M Life with BetMGM in the past. So can you just elaborate on the new BetMGM rewards program? What's changed there? And what do you see as a big opportunity?
Corey Sanders: Well, Thomas, thanks for the question. I think the key as it relates to BetMGM is just further integration. Frankly, it's a little clunky. It needs to be fully integrated, where it's a smooth transition and transaction for a customer to take gaming activity on BetMGM, get recognized, get rewarded and get onto their phone in some way, shape or form an opportunity to take advantage of something on a brick-and-mortar property. It's a transition. There's a 2-step process that we want to see go away. The more broad change though with MGM Rewards is recognizing retail spend and making it more robust, recognizing people for that. We do -- collectively as an industry and as a business, I think, particularly as a company, an amazing job individualized with personalized guest service, recognizing high end. We're trying to extend that down the tier, if you will, to the next big tranche of people in the millions at this point. So I think once properly recognized and understood the value of all of the things we have to offer, whether it's Las Vegas or some of our regional destinations, we're going to be -- I think we're going to be highly rewarded for it. But it's the reformat of MGM Rewards in terms of BetMGM is really more about the technology platform and getting the linkage pure and simple. The rewards program itself is about driving nonretail play at our expense.
Thomas Allen: Very clear. And then just following up on an earlier question about mix. I remember in 2019, you were at about 21% group mix. Can you guys talk about the split between FIT casino and group today? And like what do you think kind of the long term will look like?
William Hornbuckle: Corey?
Corey Sanders: Sure. Thomas, thanks. Yes, the group mix, we've never given it. On the convention side, we're about 13% in the fourth quarter. And that's not bad considering everything. Look, in general, I think we'd like our convention mix back to where it was in '19/'20 with -- to see our casino increase, and we're seeing some pretty good percentage increases by about 9% to 10%, that would be great. We'd also like to see some shift in transient, which we've been able to see during this period. and probably taking away a little bit from the leisure package. That would be our end goal.
Operator: Next question is from John DeCree with CBRE.
Unidentified Analyst: Bill, a follow-up to Thomas' question on BetMGM and the rewards program. Obviously, a significant number of rewards customers acquired through BetMGM this year. I'm curious if you're seeing any meaningful cross-sell to your bricks-and-mortar operation yet? Or it sounded like maybe with the rewards program revamp, that might be more on the comp. But just curious if you've have any anecdotes or data that you could share with us so far.
William Hornbuckle: Yes. Look, a little bit more on the comp, particularly here in Las Vegas because of the distance and the destination. Having said that, remember, the best omnichannel example we have is Michigan. And we have seen a lot of cross play. And what has been proven -- and this shouldn't be a surprise, but it's proven out to be the case is an omnichannel customer literally is worth 2x, 2.5x a regular customer. So they do take advantage of online brick-and-mortar and some of the opportunities that it presents back and forth. We've obviously have database shares. We go after customers. It's not a pure link with BetMGM and what was Life, where -- and so some of this is just direct mail motivated on that database. Over time, that's exactly where we'll get to. And so I think you'll see a whole -- the essence of it is we're just getting going, and I think there's real opportunities in Europe here of note.
Unidentified Analyst: That's good clarity. And if I could ask one more on the promotional and marketing environment. There's obviously a lot of spend going on as it relates to sports betting and digital gaming. But curious if that had any impact on the marketing environment or promotional environment at your regional or Las Vegas operations, there was a little bit of a demand dip because of Omicron. Curious if you've seen any changes in behavior? Is it really a...
William Hornbuckle: Look, Corey can answer this, but I'll tell you in the BetMGM side, God, I hope it doesn't transition over. It's an openly aggressive market. We all know it. I think we've been one of the more disciplined. I mean, you heard the number we lost about $52 million or $4 million in cash in the fourth quarter in BetMGM. I know what we spend versus the competitive set. It's about -- the spend is about 2:1, yet we maintain the market share that we have. So I think it's compelling. So the team does a really good job with that, but it has not nor will it impact its way into regionals. Go ahead, Corey.
Corey Sanders: Yes. And with regards to the properties, especially in the regionals, when we shut down, that was one of our saving opportunities was to readjust that investment into those customers, and we've been able to maintain that. The slowdown you may have seen in some of the markets in January, especially on the East Coast, would have been related to Omicron and the weather.
Operator: And our last question for today will come from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling: Two follow-up questions actually. First, on BetMGM, could you just maybe disclose how many monthly active users are on the app to end the year?
William Hornbuckle: No. That's well over $1 million in the database at this point. I'd rather keep that close for now.
Jonathan Halkyard: I think there -- as you probably know, they're having an Investor Day in May. And I think at that time, the team will be sharing more detail
Stephen Grambling: Awesome. I had to sneak it in. And then the second one is another modeling follow-up. Any way you can share what your same property margins were in Vegas and in the regions in 2019, so we can kind of compare and contrast on an apples-to-apples basis?
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, those margins were in the kind of high 20s, around 28 or so on a kind of a like-for-like basis in 2019.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Hornbuckle for any closing remarks.
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, Chad. Again, I'll be quick. I know it's late back us particularly, look, obviously, for us, it's been a tremendous year. We couldn't be more excited. I can't again thank our team enough. I think we've done a very good job by shareholders. We've returned a substantive amount of the company, over 10% back to them. We've got an amazing fortress balance sheet that presents all kinds of opportunities for diversification whether it's Japan, New York or ultimately into digital, both domestically and beyond. You probably know we're stretching BetMGM into Canada in April. And so we're excited by its growth and other possibilities that may present themselves. And so we're excited to get refocused now on returning some of our properties in some of our growth programs and our remodel programs back to where we'd like them to be and beyond. And again, we're just getting rolling -- because if you think about 2020 with sports, obviously, we had COVID, we're just getting rolling with that activity case at full steam. And so I'm excited by the balance of this year there. again, because of COVID, the entertainment programming will be robust here. Many tours did not go out and they decided to stay in Las Vegas and do residencies, and it will be accretive to us throughout the course of this year. So again, appreciate your involvement. Appreciate your time and your rest in the company. So thank you all.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.
William Hornbuckle: Cheers.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-03 18:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Third Quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Joining the call from the Company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President, Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer, Jonathan Halkyard, Chief Financial Officer, Hubert Wang, President and Chief Operating Officer of MGM China, and Cathy Park, Executive Director Investor Relations. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the Company's remarks, there will be a Q&A session. In fairness to all participants, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Please also note this conference is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn the conference over to Cathy. Please go ahead.
Cathy Park : Thank you, Chad. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at investors. mgmresorts.com, and we have also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we'll make forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC.  Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation, which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Bill Hornbuckle.
Bill Hornbuckle : Thank you, Cathy and thank you all for joining us today. Well, we delivered another quarter of strong domestic results with our Las Vegas Strip and regional segments reaching all-time adjusted property EBITDA records in the third quarter. I remain in all of what our talented teams have accomplished this year given the ongoing COVID pandemic. We are emerging from at a stronger Company, with a sharpened focus on operational efficiencies and providing the best experiences for our guests as we carry up the vision to become the world's premier gaming entertainment Company.  I continue to express my sincere pride and gratitude of the tremendous effort of our employees who are the foundation upon which we built our strategic plan and long-term vision. As a reminder, our strategic plan consists of the following four key elements, investing in our people and planet, providing unique experiences for guests by leveraging data-driven consumer insights and digital capabilities, delivering operational excellence at every level, and allocating our capital responsibly to yield the high returns to our shareholders. Our last earnings call, we discussed the meaningful steps our Company had taken to simplify our story and monetize our real estate.  We have reached a number of milestones in this regard. In August, we announced a transaction with VICI and MGP to redeem the majority of our operating partnership units and deconsolidate MGP within our financial reporting structure. In September, we acquired the other 50% interest in CityCenter, monetizing its underlying real estate and are now proud owners of 100% of its operations. In October, we monetized MGM Springfield underlying real estate as well. And these transactions grant us the financial flexibility to take foothold of front-footed actions to invest in our core business and to maximize growth and pursue opportunities that align to our long-term vision. For example, this quarter, we announced an agreement to acquire the operations of the Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas, a high-quality result with enviable product offerings, strong brand awareness, and complementary customer base making it an ideal addition to our Las Vegas Strip portfolio.  We also believe that the synergies we have identified are highly achievable. We have incredibly excited to welcome the Cosmopolitan team to the MGM Resorts family pending the transaction closing next year. Now, I've mentioned in the past that we are happy with the amount of exposure we currently have in Las Vegas. As such, we're currently in the early stages of a process to sell the operations of the Mirage. Doing so will allow us to maintain our existing Las Vegas exposure while focusing on the complementary in diverse nature of our offerings in our hometown. I spent the early part of my career at Mirage, I have been part of that team's opening at the property in 1989. It's a historic property with great brand recognition and a strong customer and loyal following.  The campus also sit on approximately 77 acres that provides attractive development opportunities to capture large amounts of foot traffic. Mirage's service well over the years, and we're certain it will remain a success with a new operator in the future. Importantly, I want to thank our valued team members at The Mirage. They are an integral part of what makes that property so special. And I know they will remain strong ambassadors of the brand during this transition. We're also remain keen on diversifying our business and further expanding our operations globally. To that end in September, we announced that our MGM Orix consortium had achieved a milestone in Japan, having been selected as Osaka's partner to build and operate a world-class integrated resort.  We are now working with Oryx in the city to submit an area development plan to the central government in the coming months and are hopeful and confident that we'll be awarded a license next year. Outside of Japan, we will continue to study key U.S. regional markets of significance. This includes the commercial gaming license in New York, for which we believe MGM is well-positioned given our existing operations at Empire city. Moving onto BetMGM. Our sports betting and iGaming venture continues to build on its success every quarter. In the Third Quarter, bet MGM launched in 3 new states, Arizona, South Dakota, and Wyoming.  And when the short 9 day period, BetMGM is now live in 16 markets and is well on its way to 20 by the end of the First Quarter of 2022. In the 3 months ending August, BetMGM commended 23% share nationwide in both U.S. sports, and betting, and iGaming. And in the month of August, we believe, BetMGM was competing for first-place driven by iGaming in which BetMGM remains the clear leader with 32% market share. We're in the middle of the NFL season and the market remains competitive. However, the team has performed exceptionally well, focusing on ROI, positive marketing spend, and we are encouraged to see early signs of a more rational environment as the season progresses.  But MGM continued momentum through this year has been extraordinary and we expect full-year 2021 net revenues associated with BetMGM will be in excess of $800 million. Finally, we think about our opportunities for organic growth in our core business. We have a great network of premiere properties across the U.S. that we believe we can better leverage to drive customer choice, increase loyalty, and maximize wallet share over time. For example, we recently launched a new tailgating experience at Mandalay for events at Allegiant Stadium. We've hosted Bruno Mars' and Lady Gaga's concert of Park MGM and completed our room remodels of Bellagio's main tower, as well as the Pyramid at Luxor with additional remodels ongoing at Aria suites and villas.  We also continue to focus on targeting strategies that draw on our competitive advantage to acquire and drive sustainable growth from high-value customers in our business. Over the years we'll invest in customer [Indiscernible] products and services to execute these strategies which we -- we'll be enabled by advanced marketing practices and enhanced physical and digital experiences. Before I turn it over to Jonathan to discuss our Third Quarter results, I'd like to make some high-level comments on our current trends and our future outlook. I must say it's simply great to be in Las Vegas right now.  We've kicked off the quarter exceptionally strong, anchored by a great 4th of July holiday, better than pre -pandemic casino spend levels and pent-up demands for the city's wide-scale entertainment relaunch, the 2 large crowds in the town, especially on the weekends. While the Delta variant impacted our group business during the quarter, we have been able to offset with a leisure and casino customers. With cases on the downswing, we have built -- quickly we built momentum into October and the level of demand in the marketplace, especially on the weekends has simply been incredible.  October will be another all-time record month. Groups are still coming to town. We have a healthy amount of group room nights on the books through the rest of the year. And we look ahead -- and as we look ahead, we feel good about our group business coming together anchored by the back half of this year and what's already on the books for '23 and 2024. With a re-launch of large-scale entertainment in July, these offerings are driving visitation to Las Vegas. Allegiant Stadium brings fans to the strip for events and we've had some of the best weekends around these events. The Raiders estimate that roughly 60% of tickets are sold to out-of-state fans.  And when the majority of the 50 to 60,000 people walking to and from Allegiant Stadium over the [Indiscernible] bridge between Mandalay Bay and Luxor, we are seeing significant broad-based uplift at both properties on event days and even more so on Raiders games. We're also driving our own destiny with a fantastic lineup of events across our venues which have been met at with great enthusiasm. Whether it was the McGregor fight at T-Mobile, which by the way produced our second highest single day for table games win in the Company's history, or the debut of our new America's Got Talent show at Luxor this week, we continue to demonstrate that the city and MGM Resorts is a leading destination for exceptional entertainment.  Turning to our regional properties, as I mentioned earlier, our regional operations delivered another all-time record EBITDA and margin quarter, driven by continued strength in our rated gaming spend levels as we yield to our higher net-worth customers With the easing of statewide restrictions, we have begun to strategically reintroduce entertainment and F&B at all of our regional properties, and I'm gratified that our customers can once again enjoy the quality experience for which MGM is known. On the cost side, our team continues to focus on productivity across labor, player reinvestment, and other streamlining initiatives.  And this gives us great confidence in our ability to sustain strong margins as we head into 2022. I'll conclude with some final thoughts on Macao. The market continues to operate well below pre -pandemic levels as varying forms of travel restrictions have limited visitation to the region. The obvious catalyst in Macau's recovery is a sustained resumption of frictionless travel between Macau, Hong Kong, and Mainland China, which heavily relies on higher vaccination rates that will take some time. When the market does rebound more meaningfully, we believe MGM China is well-positioned given its strength in premium mass.  Macau remains an important part of our business, and we have high conviction in the future success of this region. We will continue to work with the government and we are highly confident in ultimately getting our license renewed. Ongoing discussions with the government gives us a greater confidence in our belief that the process will be both judicious and fair. We look forward to further promoting the long-term development of Macau's gaming industry and to supporting the government's tourism and diversification goals for the region. With that, I'll turn it over to Jonathan to discuss the details before some final comments and questions. Jonathan.
Jonathan Halkyard : Thanks very much, Bill. I certainly join Bill in gratitude to our entire team for outstanding results this quarter. What a difference in performance and momentum as we have moved through the course of the year. And now with only 60 days until the start of 2022, I could not be more excited about our prospects for the year ahead, and it's all due to the heroic efforts of our thousands of colleagues here at MGM Resorts. Now let's talk about our Third Quarter results in some detail. Our consolidated Third Quarter net revenues were 2.7 billion, 19% sequential improvement over our Second Quarter results. Our net income attributable to MGM Resorts was $1.4 billion driven by $1.6 billion net gain from the consolidation of CityCenter.  Our Third Quarter adjusted EBITDA improved sequentially to $765 million led once again by our domestic operations. 12 of our 18 domestic properties achieved either all-time or Third Quarter EBITDA records, and 15 achieved either all-time or Third Quarter margin records. This performance was driven by strong leisure, transient, and domestic casino demand. We have demonstrated our ability to improve and expand our operations while maintaining cost discipline. All against the backdrop of ramping non-gaming revenues and a stabilizing workforce complement. Our Las Vegas Strip net revenues were $1.4 billion, just 8% below the Third Quarter of 2019. Adjusted property EBITDA for the strip was $535 million, 21% above the Third Quarter of 2019.  Hold had a $20 million positive impact on our EBITDA this quarter. So hold adjusted Strip EBITDA was approximately $514 million. Our Strip margins were 39% in the Third Quarter, 943 basis point improvement over the Third Quarter of 2019 and a slight decline on a sequential basis over the Second Quarter of 2021. This was driven by a combination of effective casino marketing efforts and continued cost discipline across the business. Availability of labor also improved sequentially each month in the third quarter, and our payroll per FTE remained in line with the third quarter of 2019. We continued to attract strong casino demand and drive healthy performance in the third quarter.  Here are a few data points. Third quarter Strip casino room nights were 27% greater than in the third quarter of 2019. Casino revenues per casino room night was up 10% above the third quarter of 2019. And not surprisingly, our slot handle was an all-time quarterly record. All of this translated into third quarter casino revenues increasing to 26% above the third quarter of 2019, contributing 31% of our total Strip revenues in the third quarter. And that compares to our casino revenue mix of 22% back in 2019. Our Strip hotel occupancy was 82% in the third quarter, improving from 77% in the second quarter.  And for the first time since reopening, the third quarter's room rates ran higher than pre -pandemic levels with ADR 10% above that of the third quarter of 2019, or 5% when we exclude Circus Circus. We finished a strong October with occupancy of 92%, the highest since reopening. And we expect November and December to be strong but also to follow seasonal slowdowns as we typically do every year heading into the holidays. As we ramped staffing and our non-gaming revenues increasingly become larger contributors to our overall business, I expect margins to come in a bit in our Las Vegas operations.  Our customers demand and are willing to pay for the breadth of offerings we provide here at MGM Resorts. And while healthy margins are an important feature of our business model and financial health, we are focused on growing our absolute EBITDA dollars, a goal well supported by future upside from the recovery and group events and international visitation. We expect our margins to stabilize well above pre -pandemic levels resulting from our efficiency and cost-saving efforts. Finally, it's important to note that we closed the CityCenter transactions towards the end of the quarter, and as a result we started consolidating CityCenter within our Las Vegas Strip results beginning on September 27th. Our Third Quarter Strip numbers include four days of Aria and Vidara's results.  Led by Anton Nikodemus and his team, the CityCenter joint venture reported quarter-to-date ended September 26, adjusted EBITDA of approximately 120 million with 40% margins. Had CityCenter been consolidated for the full quarter, our Las Vegas Strip EBITDA would've been approximately 22% higher than what we reported in the Third Quarter. Its magnitude and growth potential makes CityCenter a difference maker for us financially. Our Third Quarter regional net revenues were $925 million, just 1% below that of the Third Quarter in 2019. We delivered adjusted property EBITDA of 348 million, which was 29% above 2019 levels, and 9% above what we achieved in the Second Quarter of 2021.  Our regional casino business further strengthened in the Third Quarter with our slots and table games volumes improving sequentially by 6% and 11% respectively from the Second Quarter this year. We measure rated players spend levels through theoretical win or theo, per day net of promotions. Our net theo per day for our rated customers reached record levels in the third quarter, led by our younger demographic despite fewer trips as compared with their visitation pre -COVID. Unlike the younger crowd, visitation and spend from our 26 -- from our 65+ demographic, has not yet fully recovered, but we're encouraged with the resiliency in this segment's demand, especially through the Delta variant outbreak.  Our third quarter regional margins of 38% were another all-time record, growing 886 basis points over the third quarter of 2019. While our strong EBITDA margin has benefited from elevated casino spend, it importantly also validates the great work that our teams have put into maximizing the effectiveness of our operating model and rethinking how we run our business. Discipline customer reinvestment is a key component of this, where we track marketing efficiency across all of our properties against specific goals. With the return of more non-gaming amenities, we'll continue to exercise prudence in our marketing reinvestment strategies, taking a test and learn approach to ensure intended returns on any increases in reinvestment.  We're also rightsizing labor in the near-term, which has had a near-term favorable impact on our margins, but it's also caused capacity constraints in certain segments of our operations. Overall, I believe our regional margins will stabilize well above 2019 levels. Moving onto BetMGM, our 50% share of BetMGM 's losses in the Third Quarter amounted to $49 million, which is reported as a part of the unconsolidated affiliates line of our adjusted EBITDA calculation. Net revenues associated with BetMGM operations were $227 million in the quarter, exhibiting 17% sequential growth from the Second Quarter led by the continued strength in iGaming.  This was partially offset by heavier customer acquisition and reactivation spend from BetMGM 's successful Arizona launch and the return of football resulting in September first-time deposits growing to over 5 times that of September 2020. We know that an omni -channel customer is worth more than a single-channel customer. We're particularly excited about the mutually beneficial advantages of our omni -channel strategy with BetMGM and we remain its top partner for driving new players. In the Third Quarter, 16% of BetMGM's new players were attributed to MGM, meaning they were active with MGM in the last 12 months.  This percentage has remained in a relatively stable range, while BetMGM has significantly broadened its reach, illustrating our ability to continually optimize the conversion of M life members to BetMGM. The BetMGM team previously disclosed during their April Investor Day that MGM sourced players have much lower customer acquisition costs and over 5 times the marketing ROI when compared to non-MGM sourced players. What's also encouraging is that in New Jersey, our most mature market, based upon preliminary data, we found that MGM sourced omni -customers are spending more on-property at Borgata than they did when they were exclusively land based, and clearly the benefit goes both ways.  In the Third Quarter, 42% of our new M life sign ups have come from BetMGM which plays a crucial role in our data base expansion, a database which currently stands at over 37 million members. Finally, in Macau, third quarter market-wide gross gaming revenues sequentially declined 26% from the second quarter, and was 27% of the third quarter 2019. MGM China's third quarter results were also sequentially lower from the second quarter with net revenues of $289 million and adjusted property EBITDA of $7 million. Hold adjusted EBITDA was a $2 million loss. While the latest hurdle surrounding the local outbreaks in Macau negatively impacted travel in September and most of October, the situation has now largely been contained.  And with quarantine-free travel having resumed on October 19th, the market's seen daily visitation rebound from less than 1,000 in the first 18 days to over 26,000 for the remainder of the month. Our third quarter corporate expense, excluding share-based compensation, was $105 million, which included approximately $18 million of transaction costs for both MGM and MGP. We expect that our net corporate expense will run at a similar level in the fourth quarter, heavily driven by our ramping Japan efforts, as well as our investments in IT and digital. In the near term, we also expect to incur incremental costs related to our recently announced transactions.  We believe repurchasing our shares is an attractive use of capital. In the third quarter, we repurchased 17.2 million shares for $687 million, and we purchased an additional 1.8 million shares for $80 million in the Fourth Quarter through today. That's $1.1 billion of share repurchases year-to-date, or approximately 5% of our market cap and that is this year since March. Over the past few months, we announced some significant deals that simplify our corporate structure, further bolster our liquidity position, and advance our vision to be the world's premier gaming entertainment Company. We closed the CityCenter transactions in the Third Quarter.  In October, we closed the MGM Springfield transaction for cash proceeds of $400 million. Our transaction with VICI is on track to close in the first half of next year, subject to regulatory approvals. At which point we will bring in an additional $4.4 billion in proceeds. In September, we announced an agreement to acquire the operations of the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas for $1.625 billion. This represents a multiple of approximately 8 times adjusted EBITDA inclusive of expected operational synergies and revenue growth opportunities that we have identified. The transaction is expected to close in the first half of next year, subject to regulatory approvals.  As of September 30th, our liquidity position, excluding MGM China and MGP, was $6.4 billion or $9.6 billion when adjusted for the Springfield, VICI and the Cosmopolitan transactions. So our approach to capital allocation is critical, and our approach to capital allocation will be as follows. First, we'll maintain a strong balance sheet with adequate liquidity. Second, we'll return cash to our shareholders and finally, when assessing potential growth opportunities, we'll invest where we have clear advantages and we'll exercise discipline in measuring prospective returns for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it back to Bill for his closing remarks.
Bill Hornbuckle : Thanks, Jonathan. And apologize for the time and the comments, but as you can all tell, we have a lot going on. I'm proud to say I think we've accomplished
Operator: Pardon me this is the Operator. It appears that we've lost audio for Mr. Hornbuckle's location. Please be patient while we restore audio. Thank you.
A - Bill Hornbuckle : Got it. Thank you, Operator. Don't know what happened there. I apologize for the length of this, but as you can tell from Jonathan's comments, we've been extremely busy. We've accomplished obviously great deal in the past year. And I'm very proud of our entire team, and I'm enthusiastic and optimistic about our path forward. We've taken actions to simplify our corporate structure and monetize our real estate. We're maximizing our profits in our core domestic business and are reinvesting in the Company for a long-term success.  As it relates to Macau, we're confident in the eventual recovery in the region, and we believe we are well-positioned with respect to license renewals. And we're excited by the diversification of both BetMGM and Japan that it brings to our ultimate business. And as you can tell, our liquidity position is very, very strong, and we remain focused and disciplined in the allocation of our capital to drive long-term shareholder value. Again, I'd like to close, I will start by thanking all of our employees once again for their commitment and dedication to this Company. I believe we have literally the best team in the business and I'm excited about what we will further accomplish in the future together. With that, we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the Q&A session. [Operator instructions]. And our first question will come from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joe Greff : Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for taking my question. Jonathan, Bill, I would like to talk a little bit about the capital allocation approach that you referenced on the call particularly that seconds still about returning cash to shareholders. I was hoping maybe you could talk about it in a different way and think about returning cash to shareholders, maybe near-term, medium-term, and long-term. Obviously in the near-term, you have more cash coming in and you get another $5 or $600 million from Mirage.  That's just even more to play with. Longer-term you have Japan but that's not going to be a huge source on in any given year. And then medium-term you have whatever external growth opportunities that maybe you want to talk about how you're thinking about that. But then, when you think about that general overlay, how do you think about the timing of capital return? And the capital return that you mentioned, Jonathan, that the share repurchases in October is -- has that paused or is that still ongoing?
Jonathan Halkyard : Thanks, Joe. I will offer a few thoughts. First of all, the real estate monetizations that we have undertaken recently, and I would include the MGP transaction in that category broadly, really is the completion of a strategy that the Company began 4 or 5 years ago. And I think when originally conceived, the idea was that we would be monetizing that real estate, returning the cash to shareholders. And so I think to address the question directly that the completion of that strategy, freeing up that cash will likely entail some accelerated return of that capital to shareholders as we've been doing this year.  That's I think a different matter from the long-term -- the longer-term plan for return of capital to shareholders, which will be driven really out of free cash flow of the business, whereas in the shorter-term it's really driven more by these asset transactions we've undertaken. And then just finally, as it relates to October, we've been -- we've been disciplined and regular repurchases of our shares, but we certainly, we moderate depending upon where we -- where we see the share price to a certain extent. So we remain active because we believe that the share prices -- the share price right now it still attractively values the Company. But we do -- we do moderate our purchases from time-to-time.
Bill Hornbuckle : And Joe just maybe additional color, look through COVID through obviously the great recession, we've got some deferred maintenance so there's a couple of projects we're going to do here regarding rooms and catching up. Not a massive amount of capital in relative terms, but real money. We are just getting started in the digital world. You understand what we've done today and as we continue to think about expanding that business with partners, through partners, or with others, that'll take some capital. Clearly it's a space in a place we've indicated many times we want to be progressive in and be dominant in, in a both domestic and potentially a global basis. And so, I think that will take some cash.  Japan, you're right is down the road. It's probably not until '24 and beyond. And New York, hopefully, they'll start earlier, I'm hoping in '23. We've given an opportunity to deploy some cash there and start to grow that business. We see it as a unique opportunity sitting on 97 acres, 15 miles in Downtown Manhattan. We can't help but think we could do more there. And so those are some of the immediate things that I think lie ahead. And then obviously, we'll wait and see.
Joe Greff : Great. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will be from David Katz from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Katz : Hi. Evening, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to, again, go back to some of the capital allocation and pick number 3 on the list, Jonathan, which I think was external investments in a disciplined way where you feel like you have a clear advantage. And given all of the prospective events around your partner, BetMGM, I just wanted to see if there are any updated thoughts or perspectives that you can share with respect to your -- the outstanding share BetMGM and your end-to-end.
Jonathan Halkyard : Yeah, I'll -- David, thank you for the question. I'm very intentional about the order of those priorities because I do believe that returning cash to shareholders is the case to beat when it comes to making growth capital investments, and because it's the shareholder's money and so that's a purposeful hurdle that we set for ourselves. Regarding the second part of the question, I'll just -- I'll defer to Bill.
Bill Hornbuckle : Thank you. So David, look, obviously there remains a great deal enthusiasm in the market. We all saw -- and obviously we were an insider to a certain degree to the experience that DraftKings and Entain just went through. Time to tell where that all goes, if it goes anywhere. We enjoy our partnership, I think we're doing well by it. Would they've been good partners as it relates to the day-to-day business activity? We'd like to do more domestically and whether we ultimately do more internationally or not with or without them I think time will tell as well. But for now, we're going to wait and see what happens to that marketplace for a while.
David Katz : Perfect. And as my follow-up, just one detail. With respect to the fourth quarter, I suppose particularly in Las Vegas, it sounds like October has gotten off to a very strong start. But any helpful thoughts around what a new normal for the fourth quarter could be? We would normally think it might be a little bit softer than 3Q with some holidays. But just the puts and takes in review would be really helpful.
Jonathan Halkyard : I'll add a couple, David, it's Jonathan. One is certainly that we are now consolidating the operations of CityCenter. And as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, that's a material addition to our consolidated earnings for the quarter. So that's an important one. I think the other thing I would add is that mid-week occupancy in Las Vegas has really found solid footing. And where we have had some near-term cancellations in group business. It has been filled, in many cases, more than filled with transient and gaming demand.  Now, all that is against what is normally as just a softening of overall business levels as we get into late November into December. I don't think this year will be any different. But we feel very good right now with the start of the fourth quarter and we do have some of those catalysts that I mentioned.
Corey Sanders : David, it's Corey, what I would also add traditionally pre -Thanksgiving to right about the week before Christmas is traditionally slow. We, similar to last year, we're seeing some pretty good pickup during the Thanksgiving period. So this is unlike any other Third and Fourth Quarter and so it's hard to say whether -- what the new norm would be, but we're pretty optimistic about the pickup we're seeing, especially midweek. Weekends are -- every weekend from now until the end of the year is strong with strong ADR pick-up. We've got -- remember, we've got the [Indiscernible] programming every other, you got for example, this weekend you've got rolling stones at Allegiant. That's 50,000 seater. So programming just looks great.
David Katz : Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And the next question will be from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas Allen : Thanks. On BetMGM, couldn't help but notice that you took out the billion-dollar revenue guide to next year because you're already breaking $800 million this year. Any updated thinking around next year?
Jonathan Halkyard : At this point, no. But we'll, I'm sure introduce a revised estimate for 2022 during our fourth quarter call.
Thomas Allen : Okay. A follow-up on BetMGM just -- there is some news reports out that you're one of the winning operators in New York, can you just help us think about how you're going to operate in that market with such a high tax rate?
Jonathan Halkyard : Well, look, I can assure you we want to 62% crowd. It's probably going to end up at 50%. Time to tell, but I think that's what we're all contemplating, be 9 or 10 operatives give or take. Going into it, I'm happy we have a property there. The omni -channel thing we talked about is relevant and real. We all understand it because we're in New Jersey, it's one of the more expensive media markets in the world. But I will tell you it is the largest market we will launch into date with M life database.  Obviously we haven't launched them in Southern California or California so as a database way to think about this, and we'll be there day one, which is also critical. So I think we'll get off to a great start. Time will tell with sports how much money is to be made. Again, for us, it's an omni -channel play. It's a brand play and we're going to have a huge presence there. And hopefully someday we get to online, I-casino, but that's something for well down the road.
Thomas Allen : Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will be from Dan Polser (ph) with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Dan Polser: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. So first on BetMGM, in just -- in terms of the value there, we all see the same level valuations for sports betting IME operators. Now that you're competing, arguably for the top spot here in terms of overall share, do you think you're getting full value for it in your stock and if not, how do you think about some of the levers that you might pull to maybe on lock that full value?
Bill Hornbuckle : Well,?EB's price there the? answer is no. If I look at DraftKings and others as a multiple. Obviously it's complicated inside a huge Company and a huge story, and we have a JV that's not in the context of basic structure. It's not pure in terms of value creation, so we understand all of that. I think as you look forward though, that we've had all enough exposure and experience to understand a couple of things. BetMGM is here to stay. It'll be a dominant player in this space. We can argue every day, all day 1, 2, or 3, what's really relevant to us are two things, we dominate in iGaming, principally based on the heels of legacy of who and what we are. I think the BetMGM folks put up a great gaming product. We've seen our branded products work exceptionally well.  We have huge database to lean into it and ultimately we are going to have a huge reward mechanism with the omni -channel idea of coming to Las Vegas for some of our regional properties to enjoy themselves with a great retail footprint. I mean, not only are we in the places that are obvious but next year in Arizona at the Cardinal Stadium, we're going to have a presence. We're literally opening as we speak in that stadium a betting shop and so we're going to be in other places and we have an opportunity finally with Illinois freeing up, to get into Illinois come hopefully March or April of next year.  And so no, obviously, we think there could be more value accretive to it. It is complicated, but we know we have a serious bet. We know we have a serious play and we're continuing to invest. And hopefully wisely, I'd like to think we've been a little bit more prudent and judicious than others. But it's it's not for the ill of heart as we know, and I still think we'll see more consolidation over time, which I think ultimate will be accretive to the players that remain.
Dan Polser: Got it. Thanks. And just for my follow-up, in terms of BetMGM for the revenue guidance, I think you said $800 million in the deck, which would imply something like a sequential decrease versus 3Q. Is there anything to read into there in terms of seasonality or maybe increased promotions from competitors that might pressure your iGaming revenues?
Bill Hornbuckle : It's 800 plus by the way, notice there's a little plus sign in that deck. So we didn't go backwards, to the contrary, football got off to a rougher start in September. But all that being said, no, it's motivated and growing in the right direction. I think you've heard Jonathan year-over-year 5 times more in terms of first-time deposits in September. We like the trajectory of the business. Arizona is off to a massive start for us and obviously we've got some other states yet to come here. So, no. We don't want to give a real number because we are truly studying it because we want to hold ourselves accountable to it. So we will, by the Fourth Quarter though.
Dan Polser: Understood. Thanks so much for all the help.
Operator: The next question is from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley : Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Maybe wanted to touch on a couple of other areas, since we've covered a lot of ground on BetMGM, maybe it was wondering 2 specifically would be 1, Jonathan, was your comment on the margin outlook in Las Vegas. Should you give a little bit more color on you expect that to maybe trend sequentially, you're into '22 just given as you of re-ramp costs? That'd be really helpful. And then my follow-up would be if you could just talk a little bit more about the sale of The Mirage. How specifically do you identify that property as maybe the right 1 out of the portfolio to look for options for?
Jonathan Halkyard : Sure. I'll address the first and maybe pass the second one on to Bill. As it relates to Las Vegas margins, the margin's about 39% this quarter. They do benefit from the higher intensity of gaming revenue that we have. As we introduce more non-gaming revenue and offerings to the system, and that's going on literally during the month of November with a number of our entertainment offerings opening here. And we certainly we anticipate more groups and so more catering and banquet revenue. We will be making a trade and a very profitable trade over time of customers as lower worth gaming customers are yielded for in favor of group customers as we go into 2022.  Now that's a good trade for us that group customer will generate revenue per occupied room, 80% higher than a leisure customer will or lower rated gaming customer. But they will do so at a slightly lower margin and that's the effect that I was trying to describe in the remarks. So we, back in 2019, had margins in the high twenties and of course now we're in the high thirties, I expect that with the proper mix of business, that we'll be well above those margins back in 2019, meeting our profit improvement goal of $450 million across the enterprise. But believe me, we have also -- we have learned a lot about ways to do our business differently over the past 9 months and we don't intend on backtracking there to carry that better margin performance even against a more normalized mix of business.
Bill Hornbuckle : And then on the Mirage, if you think about our portfolio particularly here in Las Vegas, look there is no better place in the context of history of Las Vegas, there are no better bones. It's a center of the Strip. It was built to last and it has. There's 77 acres, many of -- much of it's really undeveloped in the context of what could be there but as we look at capital allocation and we look at the notion of diversification, we have enough of Las Vegas. And so -- and we look at the marketplace right now, obviously we're buying and selling at the same time so we understand the marketplace. We all heard Tom read yesterday, we agree. We think there is an opportune time and that we think this might be at to sell an asset Las Vegas.  And so it became for us the obvious one, as we think about our portfolio, we think about things going forward and capital allocation. And so no discredit to what's been done there. It's an amazing property and I'm excited for somebody to come in and make it their Marquee property. I think between the Villas that are there, the access to the real estate, it's general location, I think the right owner could do a lot but it just felt pretty far down in the spectrum of how much of capital we'd allocate to it in any given period of time in the near future. And so we just took a strategic decision to sell it.
Shaun Kelley : Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question will be from Chad Beynon from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Chad Beynon : Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to go back on BetMGM. Just from a product or tech standpoint, we've seen a lot of new features and just different products that have rolled out. Is there anything from a same-day parlay, live dealer, social features that you currently aren't offering that others are to help with retention? And I guess if not, is there anything on the come that'll help you keep your customer base as others are pretty aggressive with marketing? Thanks.
Bill Hornbuckle : I mean, fair question, Chad. I mean, all of the above. We have just launched with Evolution some product out of New Jersey and we are doing the same in Michigan with Live dealer. We think it's an integral part of the business and something that people are leaning more and more into will be there. Same with same-day parlay. We've got a bunch of product work and revisions. We didn't want to do it in the middle of football season. That tends to -- as we tried to do some couple things last year got us in a little bit of trouble.  And so we'll continue to evolve. The great part about relationship with Entain is there are literally 3,500 people in [Indiscernible] who are focused on a lot of their businesses, but primarily ours. And so Adam and their whole team, Matt, and Company, have about 8 or 9 things, shared wallet, all kinds of things that will change that dynamic and continue to develop that product as a priority because it will be part of the race over the next couple of years in terms of getting and sustaining and retaining customers.
Chad Beynon : Okay. Thanks. And then separately regarding some comments you made before about the hub and spoke approach, owning and operating some premier assets around the country outside of Las Vegas that you can feed into Vegas. Does the acquisition of CityCenter and Cosmo and the disposition of Mirage change how you're thinking about that given that your properties will just skew more luxury pro forma?
Bill Hornbuckle : No, not really. I think I understood the nature of the question is we skew up the spectrum will the regional property be able to feed that? I would still suggest with Excalibur, Luxor, and New York to a certain degree park and to a certain degree MGM of [Indiscernible]. Remember, we got 40,000 rooms in Las Vegas to fill. And what is clear and differentiating between us and Caesar's is our casino marketing share is 100 basis points behind their's in terms of market mix. And so no, I think there's room and opportunity for both simultaneous.
Chad Beynon : Thanks Bill, appreciate it.
Operator: And the next question will be from Jon Galligan from CLSA. Please go ahead.
Jon Galligan: Yes. Thank you for taking the call. 2 questions, 1, can you talk a little bit about whether you've seen a recovery in Macau post Golden Week with COVID cases now coming down? And secondly, also on Macau, can you talk a little bit about where we are with the concession process now that the public consultation period has ended? What happens next and where do you see this going?
Bill Hornbuckle : Hubert, I know you're awake so thank you. You want to handle the first part of this?
Hubert Wang : Sure. Thank you, Jon, for your question. The travel restrictions were lifted in October of '19, and right after that, we saw business start to ramp up. And right now, the travel requirement is NAT test within 48 hours. And so we have seen the key indicators on business side going back to early part of September, and in some cases, even stronger going back to July, depending on which segment you're looking at. We're in the traffic indicators we are looking at. So overall speaking, I think that's -- it's on the rise. And we also anticipate that on middle of November probably will get back to a higher level to July level, if everything remains calm in China and in Macao, there's no serious outbreak. So regarding concession progress, I think I'll look to Bill for that question.
Bill Hornbuckle : Yeah, and John, I think just to put a capstone on Hubert's comment, we've gone from losing money to making a little bit of money again. We've shifted back into the black, and as long as we don't hit yet another instance, we'll hopefully stay there and grow from that. Obviously, we've submitted on the 29th, like all the other concessionaires and many other people in the community, by the way. Answers to the 9 core questions that were asked. We had an opportunity to brief that with the government. They'll now continue their public consultation process. I suspect that will go on for another 30 days or so. That's obviously up to their discretion when to end that and form some of their own opinions. Whether this all gets done in time for June, we don't know yet because there are some steps that they still have to publicly go through with LegCo. But I feel good about what was said. I feel good that we had an opportunity to air some of our concerns and that they were heard and listened to. And so I think it's relatively given the environment and given what's at stake, been progressive. We've been there like everyone else 20 years. They've been fair to us to date as we have to them. And I think we've been good to the community and vice versa. And so hopefully we continue on whether this gets done by June, I just don't know, there's some complications around several of the issues as you know and so time to tell.
Operator: And thank you. The next question will be from Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling : Hi, thanks. My first question is just really a follow-up on Bet MGM and I may have missed this, but what is the current split of the $227 million in revenues between iGaming and sports betting and then as you noted, omni -channel, customers tend to be more valuable. How do you strategically align incentives between managers of your physical assets and those that Bet MGM to ensure you maximize the total value?
Bill Hornbuckle : Well, for competitive reasons, I'm not going to give out the outright split, but just say it leans heavy iGaming, which I think longer-term speaks to the success of the model that we're pursuing. We have -- and one of the reasons that the iGaming is doing so well, it's both the product and ultimately the team there and CRM has done an amazing job. Reports of the job that I want to catch up with MGM too in the context of reaching out to customers, understanding game types, cycles, what they like to do, how they like to do, how to personalize it for them, identifying them.  And then we have hosting groups both at BetMGM and MGM that are tied together. We have, for example, on-site here we have a Vice President of Marketing, whose principal and only job is to market to and make sure programs are attached to Bet MGM in those customers. Whether it's sign-up when somebody registered at Aria down to making sure their best customers are taking care of. Making sure they get tickets for what they may want to have earned or done. And so, we're as linked up as one can be at this point in time.  I think we have some work to do on the back-end loyalty to make a completely seamless. But now through tier credits, they have exposure to anything and everything they want and can get. And so -- again, we lean heavily into iGaming, I feel really good about it. And we'll continue to develop product and it's a combination of branded product, homemade products, and licenses with some of the biggest brands. And generally speaking, doing very well.
Stephen Grambling : And then maybe one other follow-up for Jonathan regarding simplification and capital allocation. Can you remind us after all is said and done with Cosmo and MGP, where is the least adjusted net debt to EBITDA enterprise-wide and as we look at the U.S. versus China, and how do you think about the right leverage on the business as we think about those capital allocation priorities? Thanks.
Jonathan Halkyard : Yeah. Thank you for the question. We'll be updating that next year as we get closer to the closure of the MGP transaction and clearly to provide that metric right now would be to provide guidance into 2022 consolidated EBITDA and we're not going to do that yet. Regarding the question around leverage for the business.  I do think on a lease adjusted basis, this business can comfortably sustain 4 to 5 times leverage and that's adjusting our lease expense at 8 times the rent which is the convention and observers of the Company. I think given the Company's diversification both geographically as well as by business segment, that we can sustain that level of leverage. But as we get into next year and closer to -- closer to the closure of these transactions we will update where those measures are.
Stephen Grambling : Sounds good, thanks so much.
Jonathan Halkyard : Thanks.
Operator: The next question will be from Robin Farley from UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley : Great. Thanks. I wanted to go back to BetMGM for a moment. During the quarter, Bill I think [Indiscernible] mentioned publicly the potential to buyout your joint venture partner and I guess how should we think about whether that would be a better outcome for you than having the joint venture with them [Indiscernible], would you essentially use those tech help if you were to buy out the other half of the joint venture?
Bill Hornbuckle : Thanks, Robin. Look, obviously a great deal of commentary speculation in editorialization back and forth over the last 45 days. We would not do eventually without technology. This is a technology-based enterprise at the end of the day. And so that becomes a key point of what to do and how we think about our future. Given the environment that was being described, there was potentially an opportunity to walk away with technology. And so that would've been interesting. We were prepared to do it if in fact the other parties could get to the finish line or decide to get to the finish line.  There wasn't at all of the details worked out, but time to tell whether that ultimately gets to -- that looks whenever, but time to tell whether we ultimately end up in a different place. For now though, again, let's go back to where we were. We were contempt and happy with our business. How it's progressing. We wouldn't do it without a technology platform to be sure, and right now I'm not anxious to do it. I mean, I like where we are to developing business.  I like the fact that untamed shares and half of this development costs. It's a progressive and aggressive environment as we know. And so I still like where we are, but I'm not -- we did comment earlier that we want to be bigger, we want to be global, we want to be a lot of things. And time will tell how we ultimately project into that space.
Robin Farley : Okay. Great. That's helpful. Thanks. And if I could ask a follow-up on the margin topic, the margin of your operations. I think that you might have said the last quarter that you thought you would keep about half of the margin improvement when things stabilize. I may not be remembering that right but is that -- I don't think I heard you say that today, and so I'm wondering if you're thinking higher than that or lower than that when you think about that stabilization. Thanks.
Jonathan Halkyard : Yeah, that's a fair estimate. It's -- really it's difficult to anticipate right now,just given the way in which the business mix ultimately levels out, but that's not a bad estimate.
Robin Farley : That's similar to what your thought was?
Jonathan Halkyard : Yes. Our view of the way that our margins evolve has really not changed in the past quarter.
Robin Farley : Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Hornbuckle for any closing remarks.
Bill Hornbuckle : Thank you, operator. And thank you all again, I know on the East Coast it's late. Look, obviously, we've had a stellar quarter. Again, I couldn't be prouder of the team. Things are motivated in moving at MG -- at Bet MGM. We've got a lot up in the air. Obviously the announcement of Mirage, which we have told that team about a half-hour before this call. We'll try to continue to be as transparent of that process as we can go in forward.  But we're excited by our future. I believe in Macau will stabilize. I believe we're in good position there. We have one in Osaka and it's hard to imagine that Osaka does not become one of the 3 designated in -- locations. But again, we will see what happens come middle of next year. And I'm really pleased with the operating environment we've created. COVID has taught us a lot. We have figured out how to do things with less and do them productively. There are still a couple of short places we need to fill some staff and open up operations. But overall, I'm excited by where we are and frankly excited by our future. And obviously, we've got a great deal of liquidity and the potential to put that to work for our shareholders like this Company hasn't had in a very, very long time. And so I think for all of us, it's pretty exciting news. Again, thank you for your time.
Operator: And thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Jonathan Halkyard, Chief Financial Officer; Hubert Wang, President and Chief Operating Officer of MGM China; and Cathy Park, Executive Director of Investor Relations. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question and answer session. In fairness to all participants, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Please note this conference is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Cathy Park. Please go ahead.
Cathy Park: Thanks, Chad. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at investors.mgmresorts.com and we have also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During the call, we'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures, in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation, which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Bill Hornbuckle.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, Cathy, and thank you all for joining us today. Over the past few months, we've had the honor and the privilege of welcoming back guests back to our properties at a remarkable pace, both in Las Vegas and our regional markets. It's been rewarding to see our guests taking in all the world-class gaming and entertainment experiences that only MGM Resorts can provide. And it's been equally gratifying to witness the tremendous effort of our employees, delivering these experiences. We have an amazing team of people here at MGM Resorts, the best in the business. And so, I'd like to take this time to thank them today for their hard work and dedication to our company and our guests, especially over the last 18 months. I can't say enough how critically important they have been and will continue to be to our success, as we carry out our vision to be the world's premier gaming and entertainment company. In fact, investing in our people in our planet is the foundation, upon which we've built our strategic plan for the company's long-term vision. Our strategic plan consist of the following four priorities, investing in our people in our planet, providing unique experiences for our guests by leveraging data-driven customer insights and digital capabilities, delivering operational excellence at every level, and allocating our capital responsibly to drive the highest returns for our shareholders. In driving our vision, we have long discussed our goals of simplifying our corporate structure and monetizing our real estate premium valuations to become asset light. We've been busy on this front, and over the past 90 days, we've meaningfully advanced this strategy. In May, we announced an agreement to sell and leaseback MGM Springfield, underlying real estate to MGM Growth Properties. We followed that news in July with an agreement to purchase in Infinity World's 50% interest in CityCenter and then to subsequently sell and leaseback the underlying real estate to Blackstone at an unprecedented cap rate for gaming asset. And we're very excited to become the full owners of Aria and Vdara operations soon. I'd also like to take this time to thank Bill Grounds from Infinity World, who has on the heels of this transaction stepped down from MGM's Board after serving us since 2013. He's been a great partner for many years and we wish him the very best in the future. And finally, as you know, we have spent significant time and effort working on the best solutions for our stated goal of de-consolidating MGP and this morning, we are pleased to announce a comprehensive transaction with VICI and MGP to monetize the majority of our operating partnership units for approximately $4.4 billion in cash at a multiple - that's among the strongest in all gaming real estate transactions to date. This is a great win for MGM and MGP and we're excited by our new long-term partnership with VICI. Again, I'm incredibly proud of our finance operations - operating and legal teams, who have been accomplishing an astonishing amount in a short order to get these transactions across the finish line. Combining these transactions grant us greater financial flexibility, by the means of $11.6 billion in domestic liquidity and importantly, they allow us to intensify our focus on maximizing growth in our core business and pursuing opportunities that align to our long-term vision. In terms of such opportunities, we remain committed to our sports betting and iGaming joint venture, BetMGM, which continues to impress. Having expanded its net revenues and its leadership position in the second quarter, BetMGM is the number two operator in the space nationwide and in the second quarter, it committed 24% share of its live markets. BetMGM remains a clear leader in iGaming having reached a 30% market share in the second quarter and we also continue to see the benefits of customer acquisition, cross-pollination between MGM and BetMGM. In the second quarter, 15% of BetMGM's new players came from MGM and 31% of MGM live sign ups came from BetMGM. We will strategically invest in our digital capabilities and customer growth strategies, driving innovation and a deeper customer loyalty throughout technology led customer centric experiences, products, and services. These efforts will be led by Tilak Mandadi, who we recently hired as our Chief Strategy Innovation and Technology Officer. Tilak is a visionary, a results-driven leader, who has spent several decades of experience at both Disney and American Express, where he led similar initiatives. Tilak will also be leading our relationship with BetMGM joining its Board of Directors. He is another fantastic addition to our senior leadership team and complementary to the deep bench we've now built with recent additions of Jonathan, the CFO and Jyoti Chopra, as our Chief People, Inclusion and Sustainability Officer, excuse me. I have no doubt that Tilak will be invaluable to the company's future. We will also increase our diversification into Asia through the footprint expansion in Macau and the integrated resort opportunity in Japan. As a matter of fact, we officially submitted our RFP as a sole bidder for the Osaka license, a couple of weeks ago, which starts the clock on a three-month review process. We and our local partners, Orix, remain excited by the opportunity, which we expect will yield very attractive returns. We look forward to Osaka reviewing our proposal and hopefully and confident we'll ultimately be named Osaka's designee operator early this fall. And lastly, we continue to study key regional markets of significance, including commercial gaming license at Empire City in New York. Before I turn it over to Jonathan to delve into our second quarter results, I'd like to say a few words on our current business trends and our future outlook. We reported a great second quarter at our domestic properties driven by pent up consumer demand and high domestic casino spend as well as our ability to yield our business and maintain our cost discipline efforts. In fact, we delivered all-time record margins in both Las Vegas and regional segments as well as all-time record EBITDAR quarters at our regional properties. Further, 11 of our 17 domestic properties have all-time record quarters in slot gross win and that momentum continued into July with another record month that exceeded June. I can't tell you enough under these circumstances, how pleased and proud I am of our entire team. We have ride the ship and we're going full steam ahead. In Las Vegas, our weekend volumes are back to normal driven by leisure and domestic casino customers with ADRs now surpassing 2019 levels. The weekday, while improving, continue to lag the weekends in the second quarter due to lower level of group business. That being said, June kicked off a series of citywide events coming to town such as World of Concrete and Surfaces and we anticipate a return of groups here in the third and fourth quarter. Feedback from meeting participants have been very positive. Our lead volumes in the year for the year, production is now close to normal levels, which we expect will help midweek occupancy uplift in the back half of the year. We continue to believe that full convention business recovery will be post 2021 event, simplifying itself in the second half of 2022. And we remain pleased with how our '22 and '23 group calendar is shaping up as well as contract commitments for the future. In July, we relaunched entertainment with a great lineup events that was met with overwhelming demand and now with the Allegiant Stadium hosting large scale entertainment, we can now drive more meaningful compression, especially at the mid to south end of the strip. Considered the entertainment programing a few weekends ago, we had Garth Brooks at Allegiant Stadium, we had McGregor fight at T-Mobile and Bruno Mars at Park MGM, selling over 98,000 tickets within our properties distance situated to capture significant amount of this foot traffic. While our conviction in the long-term viability of our business remains stronger than ever, the recent rising number of COVID cases and the subsequent actions taken by the CDC and local regulators and our reinstituted masks mandates here in Las Vegas of note is a reminder that the pandemic is not completely behind us. In Las Vegas, we continue to facilitate vaccinations among our employee base and have partnered with the Governor's Office to host multiple vaccination clinics, including one at T-Mobile arena, another on the strip at the park and we're using the full weight of our business and resources as part of this effort, including significant incentive offers to both guests and employees, who get vaccinated or bring friends and family to get vaccinated. We've also invested in ongoing educational campaigns, as well as providing easy access to all three vaccines on pop-up clinics in all of our properties. In July, we implemented a mandatory COVID testing program for all of our Las Vegas employees, who have not proven proof of vaccination. We've taken the virus very seriously, and as always, the health and safety of our guests and employees is our top priority. At this time, it's too early to speak to any meaningful impact to our business, but we are monitoring the situation closely and we'll continue to proactively work safely to accommodate guests in our properties. July, as I mentioned before, was the best month this year and by far in terms of operating performance, we ultimately feel great about our long-term positioning in Las Vegas. The last few months have inevitably proven that the city remains resilient to top destination for both business and specifically for tourism. Our regional properties that I mentioned earlier delivered their best quarter to date yet in terms of EBITDAR. We are encouraged by the stability of demand we saw at our properties, as restrictions further east into July and I'm also pleased that our focus on cost and productivity across labor, player reinvestment, and other streamline initiatives remain a key priority for our regional teams. And finally on Macau, in the second quarter, we delivered sequential improvements over the first and made a choppy GGR environment that remains well below pre-pandemic levels. Despite this, MGM China, given our strength in premium mass, continued to outperform our former position in the marketplace. We believe the rate of Macau's recovery will continue to hinge on broader sentiment, as we pace the vaccinations rollout throughout the regions, which will ultimately lead to sustainable easing of travel restrictions. With the Guangdong outbreak quickly contained, July was off to a better start and we saw visitation and business volumes striking a pickup again. And while the region had felt some additional speed bumps in recent days with the government's expeditious efforts to contain the outbreak and border restrictions easing over time, we expect gradual growth demand for travel to Macau throughout the end of the second half of the year. We remain committed to elevating our footprint in Macau, and will soon be increasing our upscale suite inventory. We have finalized the construction and fitting in the south tower suite of MGM Cotai and are pleased with the final product, which we believe will be well received by our premier mass clients. We are now in soft opening in order to make final adjustments to our product and to achieve a level of service that meets our high quality of standards. We expect to officially open later this month, and further, we completed the gaming space Refresh in MGM Macau and are now looking at remodeling our villas. At both properties, we're enhancing our F&B options focused on the gaming floors and over time, we have the ability to build out another hotel tower at MGM Cotai along with meaningful entertainment assets to diversify our offerings. I am conf`ident in Macau's longer-term growth prospects and firmly believe our investment in premium product positions us well for a broader recovery. With that, I will turn this over to Jonathan to discuss our second quarter in more detail.
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks a lot, Bill. Let's first discuss our second quarter results. Our consolidated second quarter net revenues were $2.3 billion, significantly better sequentially over our first quarter results. Our net income attributable to MGM Resorts was $105 million and our second quarter adjusted EBITDAR improved sequentially to $617 million, once again heavily driven by our domestic operations. Our Las Vegas Strip net revenues in the second quarter were $1 billion, 31% below the second quarter of 2019 and 28% below excluding Circus Las Vegas, which was sold at the end of 2019. Despite the lower top line, we delivered far superior EBITDA results. Our second quarter adjusted property EBITDAR was $397 million, which is 5% below the second quarter of 2019 and just 1% lower excluding Circus Circus. Hold had a $6 million negative impact to our EBITDA this quarter. So Hold-adjusted Strip EBITDAR in Las Vegas was $403 million. Our Strip margins improved almost 1100 basis points to an all-time record of 39.5% and this does not include the results of CityCenter, which generated $120 million of EBITDAR at a 46% margin. As Bill mentioned in his remarks, our margin improvement was driven by a combination of strong leisure and casino demand, continued cost control and the operating leverage inherent in our business. Naturally with limited convention business and entertainment, we are driving more visitation from customers that we know. And our second quarter casino room mix was 9 points above pre-COVID levels. Furthermore, our second quarter casino revenues were 15% above 2019 levels and contributed to 35% of our overall net revenues in the second quarter. This compares to roughly 22% in all of 2019. We're seeing particular strength in the slot customer. Our second quarter slot handle was 23% greater than that of the second quarter of 2019, on an apples-to-apples basis excluding Circus Circus. And for the first time since being impacted by COVID, we are now attracting the older 65-plus demographic to our Strip properties at levels commensurate with what we were seeing pre-pandemic. Our second quarter occupancy was 77%, an improvement from 46% in the first quarter with the weekends and weekdays at 94% and 70% respectively. June occupancy was 83% with weekends and weekdays at 96% and 79% respectively. July occupancy was 86%, as pent-up demand - as pent-up leisure demand stabilizes longer term, we believe this will be offset by ramping group business and I echo Bill's comments that we're very pleased with the current trajectory of that segment's rebound. I'll close on Las Vegas with some thoughts on margins. Longer term, we believe that the percent 40% margins we achieved this past quarter will stabilize a bit lower, as casino spend and overall business mix normalizes and also as we ramp up staffing to more sustainable levels in order to serve our guests more fully. However, I know that we have further upside and overall profit dollars, as our topline continues to rebound with group business and entertainment. I'm also confident that our focus on operational excellence and cost efficiency efforts will allow us to achieve strip margins well above 2019 levels long term. Now onto our regional operations. Our second quarter regional net revenues of $856 million were aided by the continuing easing of statewide restrictions and were just 6% below that of the second quarter in 2019. We delivered adjusted property EBITDAR well over 2019 levels, 22% to be exact to $318 million. Much like in Las Vegas, we're driving success in casino with second quarter casino revenues outpacing 2019 levels by 8%, primarily due to slots and our higher end customer base. Our 50 to 64 age demographic, of which I'm a proud member, is now at 2019 levels and we're attracting more of the 65-plus age demographic. Our second quarter regional margin of 37% was also an all-time record, growing 855 basis points over the second quarter of 2019 and sequentially by 316 basis points over the first quarter. Our regional margin growth is a continued testament to all the great work that our teams have put into maximizing the effectiveness of our operating model and rethinking how we run our business. This ranges from marketing reinvestment procurement from energy utilization to labor management and the breadth of our efforts gives me confidence that we will deliver on the $450 million of cost savings domestically, which we previously identified. Our margins in the regions will likely normalize a bit lower from second quarter levels longer term, as casino spend adjust over time and as we reintroduce F and B and entertainment, especially in our destination markets. We also expect to right size labor in the near term, which has certainly had a favorable impact on our margins, but it's also become a bottleneck in certain segments of our operations, negatively impacting our EBITDAR. Still, similar to Las Vegas, I know that we can achieve regional margins well above 2019 levels longer term. Our joint venture BetMGM is clearly the number one operator in U.S. iGaming and has solidified its number two position nationwide in U.S. sports betting and iGaming. Net revenues associated with BetMGM operations grew 19% sequentially from the first quarter to $194 million in the second quarter. This was driven by growth in both iGaming and online sports betting verticals as a result of increased customer acquisition and strong retention that yielded more first time deposits and actives. These results are especially impressive during the quarter with arguably minimal exogenous catalysts. No major state launches, a seasonally low sports calendar, and a further reopening of brick and mortar casinos. Our share of BetMGM's losses in the second quarter amounted to $46 million, which is reported as a part of unconsolidated affiliates line of our adjusted EBITDA calculation. We remain excited about BetMGM's strong positioning in this fast-growing marketplace and both partners remain committed to its long-term success. Finally in Macau, market wide GGR sequentially improved 7% in the second quarter, but still remain depressed at only 35% of second quarter 2019 levels. Nevertheless, as Bill mentioned earlier, MGM China outperformed the market with its GGR having recovered to 43% of pre-pandemic levels. MGM China's second quarter net revenues were $311 million, up slightly from the first quarter, adjusted property EBITDAR of $9 million also improved quarter-over-quarter from $5 million in the first quarter. Hold-adjusted EBITDAR was $13 million and 2.75% VIP win in second quarter, compared to 3.29% in the first quarter. Mass hold was also lower sequentially. Our second quarter corporate expense, excluding share-based compensation was $90 million, which included $6.5 million in transaction costs. We expect that our quarterly net corporate expense will run a bit higher going forward, as we ramp our investments in IT, our digital offerings and our IR efforts in Japan. In the near term, we also expect to incur incremental costs related to our recently announced transactions. We were active share repurchases in the second quarter, having repurchased 5.6 million shares for $220 million. We believe our shares are attractively valued and we've purchased an additional 6.8 million shares for $263 million in the third quarter through today, bringing us to $615 million of share repurchases year-to-date. Bill talked about our recent milestones and simplifying our story and becoming asset light. We sold MGM Springfield's underlying real estate to MGP for $400 million at a 13.3 times rent multiple or a 7.5% cap rate. We also transacted on CityCenter, effectuating a high watermark on the sale of real estate assets at an 18.1 times rent multiple or a 5.5% cap rate and acquiring ownership of 100% of the operations of Aria and Vdara at an implied multiple of 8.9 times based on CityCenter's 2019 adjusted EBITDA from the resort operations of $425 million. CityCenter Second Quarter Results demonstrate the premium quality of the property, the excellence of its management team and its cash flow generating potential with adjusted EBITDA of $120 million, 13% above the second quarter of 2019 and with margins of 46%. And finally, we announced today the transaction with VICI, whereby we will receive $43 per unit or approximately $4.4 billion in cash for a majority of our MGP OP units. As part of the agreement, we will hold an approximately 1% stake in the newly combined company valued at nearly $400 million. We will enter into an amended and restated master lease with VICI with initial years rent at $860 million. The transaction values MGP at an implied 17.5 times pro rata EBITDA multiple or a 5.8% cap rate. So it's been a busy and a productive quarter. We expect to close on CityCenter by the end of the third quarter, on Springfield by the end of the year, and our transaction with VICI will likely take us into the first half of next year to close, and all of these transactions are subject to regulatory approvals. The end result is a cleaner, more focused company of streamline reporting structure and a stronger deployable cash position to maximize shareholder value and advance our vision to be the world's premier gaming entertainment company. As of June 30th, our liquidity position excluding MGM China and MGP was $6.5 billion and $11.6 billion adjusted for the aforementioned announcements. On last quarter's call, I highlighted our approach to capital allocation and it is certainly worth reiterating today. First, we'll maintain a strong balance sheet with adequate liquidity. Second, we will return cash to shareholders, which we have done convincingly thus far this year. We will continue to take a disciplined and programmatic approach to share repurchases for the balance of the year. And third, when assessing potential growth opportunities, we'll invest where we have clear advantages and we'll exercise discipline in measuring prospective returns for our shareholders. As we evaluate uses of our shareholders' capital over time, these priorities will act as a blueprint for our decision-making process. With that, I'll turn it back to Bill for his closing remarks.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. We're very pleased, obviously with all we've accomplished thus far this year. Our strategic actions together with the improving domestic backdrop, continued focus on operational excellence, and strong conviction in Macau's recovery position us very well for the future. There's a lot to be excited about when we think about our path on delivering our long-term vision. We remain focused, disciplined, and ultimately transparent. With that, we'll open to your questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joseph Greff: I want to start off by talking about to you, Bill and Jonathan, what you just referred to as a sizable, deployable cash position. Obviously, you have Japan out there and that is not sort of a near-term thing and that's uncertain. You've been doing buybacks? Maybe you can talk a little bit about maybe where M&A is and how much of a front burner priority for you. And just in general discuss your M&A aspirations and how you look at M&A as achieving whatever goals you have - yet discussed, maybe at the internal executive level or the Board level? Thank you.
Bill Hornbuckle: That's a simple question, Joe thank you. Look, Jonathan said it, I've said it you've heard us say it consistently. We are committed to becoming the premier gaming entertainment company in the world. We'd like to think we hold the key position in it already. We have expressed desires in digital, the obvious I must say our strategy doesn't refer and hinge simply on one other company. We are very excited by our JV with BetMGM and we continue to grow that we have a great working relationship with that and it's productive. Jonathan has already shared the company's position on share buybacks and we'll continue to look. But the good news is, I mean we've got six or nine months before these transactions close and time is our friend. And so, we're going to be disciplined about the approach.
Jonathan Halkyard: Joe, it's Jonathan, I would only add that it is - it is such a dynamic environment right now, we are certainly all hands on deck as our operations continue to grow and recover here in the U.S. We do believe the shares are attractively valued right now, which is why we've been active in the market. We expect to continue to be so. But I really like our position in terms of our current liquidity and the expected liquidity with the transactions in Springfield and with Vici to be in a good position just with the way that things continue to change and we expect them to evolve over the next several months and years.
Joseph Greff: Great, thank you for that. Maybe you can just talk in some greater detail, both for the Las Vegas Strip and then the regional markets in general, labor challenges, finding people and then wage pressure is going? How much of the mismatch is there with – in the expense growth in the 2Q with the exit rate on the expenses in the margins different than it was for the full quarter given maybe a lag in operating expense pressure.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, I'll turn this to Corey in a second, but just kick it off by saying, look I think I like the balance of the whole hospitality industry. We are suffering universally our share of labor shortages, some supply chain issues, they're not critical, but they are important. We've done everything we can. We've done incentives and other things to motivate people back to work. I think we all believe come the end of September, we'll hopefully see some increase in terms of people's willingness between the negotiations here, particularly with the legislature in Nevada unemployment hopefully weighing in some respects, but we've been managing through it and effectively. I think the team has done a really good job with it. It has hampered some midweek occupancies and - we have pushed up our business and therefore our ADRs and we've yielded effectively and so I think it's helped our margins. So Corey, I don't know if you want to pick it up from there.
Corey Sanders: Yes, what I would add Joe is, we've made a lot of headway over the last few weeks in finding the labor that we needed. As Bill mentioned, we have had some incentives. It's not going to be very material at all on the impact of our labor cost.
Bill Hornbuckle: What we're trying to do everything we can not to completely change the paradigm now until things settle in. And so, we continue to think about it in that context.
Joseph Greff: Great, thank you guys.
Operator: The next question is from Chad Beynon with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Chad Beynon: Thanks for taking my question. As you think about your timeline in Las Vegas in terms of getting back to 2019 levels, given the strength on the hotel side on week - particularly on weekends and you're gaming market share right now. Can you help us think about how that's changed in terms of when you believe you can get back to pre-pandemic levels on a revenue or EBITDA basis? Thanks.
Bill Hornbuckle: Corey?
Corey Sanders: Yes, Chad hi. The question has been asked in the last few quarters, when we think we'll get back to 90% and I think we're there and that has accelerated. I think when we get back to exact on 2019 levels will be when the convention business comes back in a pretty solid level. We're seeing some pretty positive bookings and trends in 2022, so it could be as early as the first or second quarter of 2022 that were at 2019 levels, especially on the non-gaming revenues.
Bill Hornbuckle: I mean mid-week and really through the balance of this year, we're going to have about a 1.2 million group room nights, give or take. Obviously, we're all watching COVID closely in the coming weeks here, but we've had very limited cancellations, we've actually had a couple of upticks interestingly. And so that will be paramount to really setting the stage going forward. But again, long-term 2022 and 2023 fundamentally are looking great, and we've had no substantive cancellations given even what's happened in the last week. So I think Corey's estimate is spot on.
Chad Beynon: Great, thanks. And then on the digital side at the BetMGM Investor Day, you talked about market share goals, which you're already exceeding. I think in the next couple of months, you will see some additional competition, but then on your side, I believe, a lot of your retention tools will be in place. Can you just talk about what you have in place over the next couple of months to help retain the customers that – that you're currently doing business with?
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, obviously you heard yesterday on Tom's call, they're going to step into the space in a subjective way now and chase it with about $1 billion. So there'll be a real competitor. And if you think about what they do and what we do, it's the most likely competitor to us in the context of same-store loyalty presentation, ability to omnichannel and monetize across a broader platform brick and mortar as well as digital. We are heavily into our loyalty push. We have appointed several senior executives both here and at BetMGM, who are marketing focused on doing exactly that. You heard me express earlier the amount of interchange between BetMGM and M-life and vice versa. And we also have a strong push in moving regional play through BetMGM and through just the regional properties back at Las Vegas. We'll have yet another product launch coming up here very soon. If you look at the deck, we provided - you can see some of those product enhancements. The team at BetMGM is working around the clock on this to get it prepared for football and I think it will speak to a lot of things of note loyalty, retention, and our ability to lower our ultimate CPA, which is the goal, here will stick.
Operator: The next question will be from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Jonathan, you gave a lot of color, as you were trying to talk through the puts and takes of the Las Vegas Strip margin profile going forward. But if you talk a little bit about CityCenter and - sorry excuse me, Circus Circus removal, you guys did in the period about $400 million less of revenue. As you think about kind of being at 40% margin level and in that incremental $400 million of revenue that should come back over time? Is it being overly conservative to say that kind of margins do compress over the long-term, or is there some spend here over the medium term that might kind of bring margins in a little bit before they could rise again from kind of the natural operating leverage of getting that revenue back?
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, thank you for the question, Carlo, and it's well posed, because there are a few dynamics going on here. One is certainly the just the higher levels of casino spend from our customers that we've been experiencing over the past six months and we're not simply just kind of taking this business, we are driving that demand through our marketing channels. And so, we've earned those revenue levels for sure. But they are elevated compared to what they've been in the past and that's what I referred to in our remarks is some expectation that over time as other avenues for spending are available in our properties that perhaps that mix normalizes a bit, but at the same time our hotel RevPAR is still below, where it was back in 2019 fairly materially both by occupancy, as well as overall rates. And that presents tremendous upside, that's high margin revenue for us. We fully expect to be able to get back to those levels over the next year or so and that will lead to - that will be very profitable revenue growth for us, at the same time much of that of course is going to come with the recovery of the group business. So there are the puts and takes as you put it. We're just - we're doing the best we can to account in the future for the impact that some of our labor additions are expected to have, but there are clearly sources of upside in revenue and even margin performance mostly around the hotel mix.
Corey Sanders: And what I would add - what I would add Carlo is a few pieces of our business that are missing, we just opened up the restaurants. There is an opportunity to make some additional EBITDA there. Yes, it will be a little bit less margin and then the entertainment side and we're seeing some great demand there that also will put a little bit of pressure on our margins, but it will increase our cash flows.
Carlo Santarelli: Thanks, Corey. That's helpful. Thank you both for that. And then if I could just one follow-up and it's kind of small and nitpicky, but could you guys kind of talk a little bit about the tax implications of the MGP/VICI transaction for you guys, the $4.4 billion of cash receive and perhaps the rationale behind kind of holding on those 12 million OP units, is that something tax related?
Jonathan Halkyard: It is. So in broad strokes, what will happen is VICI and MGP will merge and MGM's OP units or the vast majority of them will be redeemed for cash and that - $4.4 billion in cash, and that will be tax deferred and in keeping the 1% interest in the combined company, what will happen is on those remaining units, those - the basis of those units will be reduced by the amount of the gain that we will have on the $4.4 billion and this will be subject to a 15-year tax protection agreement with VICI, which protects us against that gain being triggered through any sales of the assets. So it's a 15-year tax deferred receipt of $4.4 billion and the remaining interest is critical to that - to that tax analysis.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. That sounds like it was probably a very fun negotiation for you guys. Appreciate the color, guys.
Bill Hornbuckle: All right. Thanks, Carlo.
Carlo Santarelli: Thanks. Bye-bye.
Operator: And the next question will come from David Katz with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Katz: Thanks for taking my question. As we have listened to companies report and talk about the businesses and their outlook and at the same time, talked with investors about the sustainability of the margin gains that we're seeing primarily out of this quarter. And clearly, we meet an amount of cynicism around everybody's ability to do that. Can you just help us alleviate some of that cynicism and why we should be comfortable that the margin gains will be reasonably permanent.
BillHornbuckle: Well, David, let me - let me kick it off and maybe Corey can jump on here. In the margin that we did this quarter is not sustainable, I think we've said that in a couple of different ways, but what I think it's really relevant is that where we are versus where we're going to end up is a substantial difference up. And so as high - high value, high revenue, high cost things like a Lady Gaga show come into play, it just - it works on your margins, given particularly as the higher-end business returns, whether it'd be ultimately from Asia or other places. It will kick in. And so, I don't think - I hope you haven't heard us say we're going to sustain, where we are this quarter that wasn't the message. The message is we have learned a lot. We're going to be appreciably better than we've been in, I can't remember in our history and there are certain things we'll never do again, whether it's buffet openings or how we think about labor or services or products, given what we've all gone through for the last 18 months, there's a massive amount of learnings, if I'd even think about our business, I mean just look at our corporate enterprise, we had 4750 FTEs, we're under 3,000 today. We will never go back to 4750 FTEs full stop. And so, I hope the message is, from our perspective, we're not going to sustain where we are, but they will be much better than they've ever been historically and I'm pretty excited about where I think they're going to end up ultimately.
David Katz: That was relatively clear, I could have asked the question just a little bit better and if I can follow up quickly, with respect to the loyalty program. Jonathan, I recall you making some commentary in investor meetings about the opportunities to build M life out in a lot of different directions and grow it, an update there would be helpful. Thank you.
Jonathan Halkyard: Sure and I appreciate you bringing it up, because I do - I know this is a huge opportunity for MGM Resorts, I mean we have a fantastic loyalty program with 36 million members, which is growing in significant part by BetMGM right now. And so it's a - it's a large and important loyalty program and where I think some of the sources of upside are particularly around cross property play here in Las Vegas and kind of the transparent portability of those rewards across the network in Las Vegas. And then in driving regional customers of ours and members of the M-life Loyalty Program to our properties, when they visit in Las Vegas, which we know that they already do. I think that this effort of course is led by Steve Zanella, our Chief Commercial Officer. But here is where Tilak Mandadi has phenomenal talent that has just joined us from Walt Disney is going to be hugely impactful, as he helps us really build out the technology platform and the overall design of that of that program in its next instance, so there's - there's a lot of work going on around that effort right now. And I'm really confident it's going to have a real impact for us in 2022.
Corey Sanders: And just a few data points to that, we have just began some of these initiatives. Our cross regional for the quarter was actually up 25%, so we're pretty excited about that opportunity there. We're just touching the surface and even when we talk about BetMGM and what it means to a property, our Detroit active M-life customers in Q2 were actually up 40% from Q4 2019. So we're seeing that actual sign up in that market actually translate to bricks and mortar customers and you actually would see that in the July results, which Detroit does publish the results we had a record market share in Detroit.
BillHornbuckle: And David, maybe a final comment there is four areas, we're consistently after the high end. And so, we're looking at the program and modifying it and making sure digitally more things are accessible. We're after retail high end, meaning I don't mean retail stores, I mean we have a great deal of business that roams around here that aren't principally gaming customers that we think there is an opportunity to recognize with loyalty. Obviously, the regional play that Corey has mentioned and Jonathan at BetMGM are really the four key drivers. And one interesting tidbit I'd stumbled on this morning, Corey just mentioned it somewhat in Michigan, one of the questions that's come up with BetMGM is about cannibalization. It's interesting, Detroit just got 46.5% market share in brick and mortar and we lead the market in iGaming at 38% and that's an increase from the mid-30s, we were 43% in June, we're 46.5% in July and we're holding a 38% market share in iGaming. And so the idea that omnichannel can and will work and not be cannibalizing is something I'm very excited by moving forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas Allen: So actually, following up on this conversation, if we look at Slide 24 of your presentation, you had 15% of new BetMGM players in 2Q were active with MGM. That's up from 10% last quarter and then you had 31% of new M-life players in 2Q from BetMGM and is down from 44% last quarter. Can you kind of talk about what's driving the difference in trend between those two numbers and like how to think about it going forward next year?
BillHornbuckle: Well, I think the second one's the easier one, we've just seen that many more - I mean, the volume between the first and second quarter and how there's - and Michigan, by the way how it grew is just - it's overpowering and thankfully, so I think that explains that more than anything. And I'm sorry. Tom, the first one?
Thomas Allen: So the first one, so in the first quarter 10% of your BetMGM players were legacy MGM players and second quarter went up to 15%, what drove that increase?
BillHornbuckle: Well, Michigan a lot and then we continued to push on programing host et cetera, in terms of incentives and otherwise, to get them to sign up our customers. And we're just more active in the database in terms of making BetMGM known to them and available to them.
Thomas Allen: And then, I see you reiterated your - your $1 billion of revenue next year for BetMGM, I mean, you did 357 in the first half of this year, I mean, essential upside there, now.
BillHornbuckle: We do, remember iGaming just got going second, really into the second quarter, not even in the first quarter, you've got football I think with better programing, better database to pull upon, we've got a couple of states that are on the horizon of coming out, you've got Maryland, you've got something we've just done in DC, Arizona's around the corner. So I think between an increase in states the full year, if you will, of iGaming and some other potential things that we continue to market, hence the numbers we just talked about. We feel pretty comfortable about the GGR - BetMGM, excuse me.
Operator: The next question will be from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Just following up on the VICI transaction and congratulations on all the myriad of activity, I was wondering if you could just give a little guidance as we're trying to think about maybe cash flow bridges, one would be I'm sort of calculating pro forma rent expense for all these different things becoming out in the kind of $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion range. So first question is, am I in the right ballpark for that? And then second would be sort of directionally, how should we think about cash taxes across the enterprise, after all these moving pieces settle into 2022?
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. You are in the right ballpark. The changes are really the city center, which we expect to close at the end of the third quarter and that will introduce increased rent of $215 million, so you'll be - you'll be close on that. And then regarding the cash taxes, that's something that's still - we're still working on right now as it relates to 2022. So, I think I'd prefer to defer that question until we get a little bit later in the year.
Shaun Kelley: Understandable. Maybe just as a follow-up, you talked a lot about the gaming behavior and the increase in your casino block, just kind of curious if you could give us a sense across your different channels, what's OTA doing right now, how important is that, is that an area where you can maybe change the mix more permanently or just how are you thinking about some of that, pretty that hotel revenue mix going forward in more of a steady state?
Corey Sanders: Sure. Shaun, this is Corey. Yes, that's one of our big strategies that we're definitely working on. We are working on pre-COVID is the mix in maximizing that mix, and we've had a lot of success in this period and we've been able to increase our transient mix, obviously, as Jonathan mentioned in his opening comments, the casino mix is up. But more importantly, we're shifting the mix from the OTA package business, which is our least profitable business and seen increases in the land business, which is very similar to our transient business. So we're very optimistic on what we're seeing there and when that convention business comes back, we think there is additional opportunities to maximize our mix.
Operator: And the next question comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Maybe you touched base on this a little bit, but turning to Japan, can you just remind us what the capital contributions you'd be anticipating over the next couple of years. And as you become more asset light, what is the potential to bring in REITs or other sources of capital into that market to reduce your intensity there?
Jonathan Halkyard: So on its surface, remember the program with Orix is 40-40-20, meaning a consortium all the Japanese companies will make up to 20%, if not we both fill to 50. The project itself is call it $10 billion, we think it's a little lower but, call it $10 billion for simple math, call it 55% debt to equity. So for us it's a $2 billion to $2.25 billion check probably over '24, '25, and '26, give or take if you want to think about how that might flow itself through the - through the system. I think longer term, look, there is a commitment, we are making to Japan and to Osaka that we would be a true partner in this. There is an actual requirement for 30% equity in it to be - to be classified or qualified if you will, but REITs are something that are in Japan, and so I think longer-term we'll see, but in the short term, it's about a $2 billion to $2.5 billion cash commitment over three years. And depending on, again on license '24, '25, and '26 is probably the best way to think about that.
Stephen Grambling: And then sticking with maybe capital allocation, how do you think about the allocation of proceeds from VICI, is it similar or different than cash from operations and then has your thought process around the right leverage ratio for an asset light business evolve. Thank you.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes. Thank you for the question, Stephen. You know that that transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2022, so the plans for the allocation of that capital will begin soon. They've already begun actually and - but the actual cash won't come to the company for probably nine months or so. And like I said in the - in the prepared remarks, really our first order of business at these - at these levels, we think our shares are attractively valued, so we'll be aggressive purchasers of those shares. Beyond that, we'll look for opportunities to - inorganic opportunities to really further the company's vision as a premier gaming entertainment company globally. In terms of our leverage targets, the company's capital structure is changing from traditional senior debt structure to the - to the leases that we have and that will certainly - that certainly impacts our thinking about leverage, because the lease payments do represent financial leverage on the business and lease adjusted leverage level of four to five times, we think is reasonable for a business of our geographic diversification. And so that's the way we'll be thinking about it going forward on a lease-adjusted basis.
Operator: The next question is from John DeCree with CBRE. Please go ahead.
John DeCree: Thank you for taking my questions. Maybe to build on that, Jonathan or Bill, I think there's still some interest in potential U.S. markets for Casino, New York is one that gets talked about a lot. Not sure if you guys have any comments or thoughts or any of those prospective opportunities, something you see coming to fruition in the near to medium term or are they all kind of longer-dated opportunities that might - that might unfold in the future.
BillHornbuckle: Look, in New York, it was disappointing, we weren't able to get it through the legislature. It was closed. We're going to take another run at it, but the reality of that is, we're probably looking at 2023, before there is a real decision to be made there. We still have a keen interest in taking - casino when there were no casino and time to tell what ultimately gets invested there and how we partner that up, but we remain excited by that, obviously given location and scale, it's kind of hard not to be. We'll watch Georgia and Texas over time with interest, but again those are long-term deals. They both require I believe a referendum, I know Texas does. And so that's not going to happen overnight. And so, I think domestically we're going to try to push for Ohio in the context of a casino, but that'll be time again, so there's nothing immediate down the horizon in terms of real development. I think the only way to think about development for the near term is the Japan discussion we just had.
John DeCree: Thanks, Bill. And then changing subjects a little bit with CityCenter coming entirely into the fold? Is there anything that you would do or could do differently from an operational perspective, now that you have 100% ownership, any advantages that we should be thinking about?
Corey Sanders: This is Corey, John, we've ran it like we've owned a 100% of it, but we do think there are opportunities, how we synergize with Bellagio for example, Vdara is right - is closer to the Bellagio Convention Center as it is to Aria. And we think there is some other additional operational efficiencies that could be gained owning a 100% of it, but we're pretty excited about finally getting our hands on it.
Bill Hornbuckle: I'd also just add one comment that I'm excited about consolidating this fantastic.
Corey Sanders: Hope by the way.
Bill Hornbuckle: Our Las Vegas EBITDAR would have been 30% higher this quarter, had we consolidated CityCenter, which - it’s a phenomenal business, which outperforms our citywide averages on virtually every dimension. So I'm enthusiastic about having it be consolidated into our financial results.
Corey Sanders: And what it gave us a 41% margin for the quarter.
Bill Hornbuckle: Right, yes.
John DeCree: Great, it's been a long time coming, congratulations on that and everything else.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you. That was not easy one.
Operator: And the next question will be from Barry Jonas with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Barry Jonas: Thank you. I think it's clear the goal is to be more efficient on the cost side versus 2019 or pre-COVID levels. But do you think the revenue mix of gaming in Vegas could be structurally higher as well or I guess are there any more recent top line trends, you would expect to sustain going forward?
Bill Hornbuckle: Look, I'd love to think that the movement we've made pushing regional customers, we've watched for too long frankly with great interest with our colleagues next door have been doing, our market mix is half of theirs. We know we can increase that. So we think that's sustaining. Obviously, what we have done best historically is high-end international business. We're well positioned. We have a plant in Macau obviously we have regional offices all over Asia. I would like to see us get back into that business. I think there's some real growth there. And I think interestingly the demographic has changed to a younger audience and they've gotten more acclimated to gaming. We've seen it throughout this past year, a lot of these numbers remember - the older folks like myself have generally stayed away for health concerns. And I think, we've seen the emergence if you will, of another marketplace it's called millennial that we haven't seen for a while. So, we're all pretty excited about driving that in some of the platform technology things we talked about earlier with M-life we think will be meaningful in that regard.
Corey Sanders: And what I would say is, I think we have our cost pretty locked in. Obviously, there is always opportunities, now it is a revenue discussion and how we continue to maximize that and how we can grow organically higher than what we're seeing in cost of living, I think some of the digital initiatives, we're working on that, the mix will help that. As Bill mentioned, their customer base were up over 50% M-life customers in that group. And if we could figure out how to capture them and we believe we have ways to do that and keep them in the properties, we think there is opportunity for revenue lift.
Barry Jonas: Got it. And then, just curious there is strong commentary on slot play levels, which is interesting given the commentary on a younger player base, but how are you thinking about slot CapEx investment going forward?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, we're looking at it right now and we're looking at our floors. We actually what we did during COVID and since we've opened, we've right-sized our floors. And we've actually laid them out, you'll PODs, you'll see better vision, better excitement. We think there's also opportunities in pockets to increase our capital spend with some decent ROIs and we're looking at that right now.
Barry Jonas: Great, thanks so much.
Cathy Park: Last question please, Chad.
Operator: And that question will come from Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great, thank you for fitting it in. I just wanted to circle back to the tremendous proceeds that you're getting, because I know you've talked about your balance sheet and all of that. But it doesn't seem like you would need it for any liquidity, it doesn't seem like you'd need for any projects near term. So I'm just wondering is there any sort of tax reason that you couldn't do a special dividend or is there a consideration there? And you use the phrase, kind of, I think if I heard it right, looks for inorganic opportunities. So is - that's a pretty sizable budget in terms of looking for, I assume that means potential M&A. And so, I don't know if you can characterize kind of where you see the portfolio having gaps to fill or what kind of thing might be of interest to you? Thanks.
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks, Robin. I'll offer a - few thoughts and then turn it over to Bill. There is really no tax reason why we could not deploy that capital as a dividend to our shareholders or for returning capital to shareholders through other means and in fact that remains a priority for us. It is their capital that represents in a broad terms, I think about it as releasing capital from the real estate in this business, bringing it up for other uses including returning to shareholders. My comment about the inorganic opportunities, I'm sure that can be development, can be M&A and it's really in recognition that it's a very dynamic environment and market with some interesting things going on. And so, we really like our position having this kind of liquidity available to seize on those, but I'll turn it over to Bill.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, but I want to remember - remind I should say, look we talked about focus, we talked about discipline, and we've talked about our vision being a gaming company at foremost. And so, look, we're gaming and entertainment might intersect themselves will be there, where digital will be there. We have some reinvestments back in our properties. We think that's important over the next couple of years, in terms of room remodels and some other things, I don't know, we'll go too far afield, I don't think that's probably in our best interest or our shareholders. So I think you'll see us disciplined and very focused on the idea of driving this whole omnichannel into a different and better place, as we think about the next decade or so.
Robin Farley: Maybe just one clarifying question just since a large Vegas asset came up for sale earlier this year? Is it fair to conclude that maybe MGM doesn't necessarily see a benefit in like growing its Vegas presence or I mean, it seems like any property you acquire there will be a tremendous amount of synergy, just given the scale you have there. But is it fair to assume from sort of how - how things have played out this year that that wouldn't necessarily be an area that you want to grow your presence?
Bill Hornbuckle: Robin, I don't think we're going to comment right now. I appreciate the question, but I think - we're not going to comment right now.
Robin Farley: Okay all right. Thank you.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Hornbuckle for any closing remarks.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, thank you Chad. And I'll be quick, since this is going a little bit over. Again, I just want to call out and thank our team both universally and specific the deal teams that got us through this quarter with this tremendous pace. We're coming off an amazing quarter, July is even more so. So I know what we have put in play is trackable, is doable, and sustainable. And so, we're very excited by that. Labor and supply chain remain an issue for our company, as it does the industry, but we've also learned a lot from that, by not having some things that easily accessible to us, we figured out different and potentially better ways to do things. And so those learnings aren't going to go away. We're going to remain vigilant and keep the pressure on with COVID, particular as it relates to our employees and making sure we get them vaccinated. We're making good headway over the last 30 days and continue to push on that aggressively. We look forward to our group business returning in the back half of the year and have no reason to believe at this date that it won't with some velocity. BetMGM continues to shine and there's no reason to believe that second half of this year is not going to do the same. And as we've all talked about, we have this tremendous liquidity position we're now looking at and so the future is bright and the opportunities I think extensive. But again, we're going to be patient and disciplined about what we do and when we do it so, having said that, I appreciate everyone's attendance and thank you all.
Operator: And thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Jonathan Halkyard, Chief Financial Officer; Hubert Wang, President and Chief Operating Officer, MGM China; and Jim Freeman, Senior Vice President of Capital Markets and Strategy. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. And fairness to all participants, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Please note this conference is being recorded.
Jim Freeman: Good afternoon and welcome to the MGM Resorts International first quarter 2021 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the internet at investors.mgmresorts.com, and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today’s press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. And during the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial statements in our press release and investor presentation, which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. And I will now turn it over to Bill Hornbuckle.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, Jim, and thank you all for joining us this afternoon. We’re excited to be speaking to you given the significant progress that we’ve observed in COVID trends, vaccination, consumer sentiment, and state by state operating restrictions throughout the quarter. Since we last spoke in mid February, our domestic business has improved significantly and the work we’ve done has allowed us to maximize the pace of our recovery while positioning us for long-term sustainable growth. As business trends improved, we remain focused on our long-term vision to be the premier gaming entertainment company in the world. Our strategy for achieving this vision centers on four strategic focus areas, first investing in our people and planet, providing fun and inspiring experiences for our guests, delivering operational excellence at every level and allocating our capital to drive the highest return for our shareholders. I thought it might be helpful to provide an update on each of these focus areas before turning to the details of our first quarter performance and our outlook for the rest of the year. Our people and planet strategy is part of everything this company does. At the pinnacle of this strategy is the investment in our amazing people reflecting on the past year to say that’s been tough would simply be an understatement. But throughout the year, our employees have been the one consistent bright spot across the organization. I am humbled and awed their dedication, their hard work and resilience in the face of unprecedented uncertainty. That is why I’m so passionate about the investment in them. We got through this because of their consistent commitment to this company and ultimately our guests.
Jonathan Halkyard: Thanks a lot Bill. Let’s first discuss the first quarter results. Our consolidated first quarter 2021 revenues were $1.6 billion, better than our fourth quarter’s $1.5 billion, and our net loss attributable to MGM Resorts was $332 million. Our first quarter adjusted EBITDAR improved sequentially to $218 million, heavily driven by our domestic operations. Our Las Vegas Strip net revenues in the first quarter were $545 million, a 14% increase from the fourth quarter. Adjusted property EBITDAR was $108 million, double that of the fourth quarter, and our margins sequentially improved 860 basis points to 20%, driven by the significant pickup in leisure and casino demand, coupled with cost control and the operating leverage inherent in our business. Hold had a fairly insignificant impact this quarter. Our first quarter Strip occupancy was 46% compared to 38% in the fourth quarter. With each month improving through the quarter, we exited the first quarter with March occupancy at 62%. Weekends were at 85 and week days were at 52 due to the lack of group business midweek. Occupancy has continued to grow in April. Our Las Vegas Strip occupancy through last weekend was approximately 73%. Our first quarter regional net revenues increased 19% sequentially to $711 million from the fourth quarter.  Adjusted property EBITDAR increased 53% over the fourth quarter as well to $242 million. Our first quarter regional margins grew sequentially by an impressive 738 basis points to about 34%.  Our domestic margin growth is a testament to all of the great work that our teams have put into maximizing the effectiveness of our operating model and rethink how we run our business. This ranges from marketing reinvestment to procurement, from energy utilization to management. And the breadth of our efforts gives me confidence that we’ll deliver on the $450 million of domestic cost savings which we previously identified. 
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jonathan. Obviously, we’re very pleased with the improving operating environment domestically and remain diligent in aggressively managing our operating model and our cost structure. I’m optimistic about the long-term recovery of all of our markets and I believe that MGM Resorts is well positioned to then gain share. I’m also excited about BetMGM’s positioning in the rapidly growing U.S. sports betting and gaming market. And as Jonathan mentioned, we remain laser focused on pursuing other long-term – our long-term vision. I’d like to end my comments where we started by acknowledging and thanking our employees across the world for the continued dedication to this company and their enduring efforts to provide the best experience for our guests. Our people are simply the best and to them I say, thank you. With that, I’ll open this up for questioning.
Operator: Thank you.  And the first question will come from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, everybody. What a difference to your mix as an understatement there. It’s good to hear about the group business in Las Vegas, Bill and your positive comment on 2022 and 2023, as well as the second half of the year. And 73% occupancy in April, my hotel companies would kill for that level of occupancy in most urban markets in the U.S. So where I’m going with these comments Bill, can you give us a sense of what your expectations are for airline capacity serving the Las Vegas Strip out of McCarran? Starting in September, do you get a sense that you can be 90% of pre-pandemic seat capacity? And do you think you get back to a 100% starting early next year?
Bill Hornbuckle: Joe, I’ll turn this over to Corey who studies it intimately with a commercial team, but the answer is yes, but Corey…
Corey Sanders: Yes. Joe, let me give you some stats of where we think we’ll be in June and July and then obviously, hopefully it keeps building. June, we think we’ll be at 93% of capacity and July 99% of capacity. And that’s what very little, if any international travel. So yes, we expect at least the air lift to be pretty close to what it was in prior years.
Joe Greff: Great. And you mentioned earlier, I think it was Bill your comments about – I guess, maybe it was more for the Strip, but maybe it extended to the whole domestic portfolio that the EBITDA generation – EBITDAR generation in the first quarter was heavily weighted to the second half of the quarter, obviously given the strength in March. Can you put a little bit more detail on that in terms of, as you exited the quarter, what’s sort of the monthly EBITDAR run rate coming out of the Las Vegas Strip coming out your U.S. regional portfolio.
Jonathan Halkyard: Joe, it’s Jonathan. We’re not going to provide EBITDAR numbers month by month, but it is certainly true that the business accelerated starting around mid-February, particularly in Las Vegas. Just when thinking about the margins, when you consider where we were in January, where we had a couple of our big businesses here in Las Vegas closed during the mid week. We changed those practices right at the beginning of March with the demand growing. And so really when in Las Vegas, when we had that level of demand against those fixed costs, and then even started being able to yield the rooms in Las Vegas, it really had a pretty dramatic impact on the company’s earnings generation. And the regional markets, the change through the quarter was not as pronounced. But we did see relaxing operating restrictions in many of those markets as we got into March as well as just overall aggregate demand. So we did want to – it relates to the occupancy numbers coming out of March, we exited a lot higher than we started March and that’s continued through April.
Joe Greff: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will be from Thomas Allen of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas Allen: Thanks. Just a couple of follow-up questions on the Vegas recovery. Great that you’re running at 73% occupancy month to date. Any visibility and when you think you’re going to get back to the kind of low 90’s percentage rate? And then just thinking about the ramp up events, entertainment and conferences, how do you think that’s going to come back online? I hear your comment that you probably won’t be fully back until 2022, 2023. But is there a way to think about like at what levels you are versus historical levels in the next few quarters? Thank you.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. Joe, again, I’ll kick this off and turn it over to Corey. I mean, the good news for us is May 1. The County is going to relinquish here in Las Vegas the requirements so that people now can be three feet apart and no masks. And that we can go to 80% occupancy. So it unleashes restaurants, most importantly, one of our biggest restrictors has been the pools. At Mandalay, we had to restrict occupancy late March through spring break and into April because of the six foot requirement, the mass requirement. By Saturday, that basically in those environments goes away. We’ve got to monitor the three feet, but all things being equal that opens it up dramatically and then coming June 1 all things being equal. And we can demonstrate that the County has gotten 60% of its people vaccinated, all of the restrictions go away. And so when you talk about and hear about the things, we talked about the entertainment. The pent-up demand is been incredible. We had a Dave Chappelle show go on sale on Monday. It sold out in one day. You heard my UFC story. We had a DJ for next year Baby Bunny, or whatever the – Bad Bunny. That’s how much I know about Baby Bunny. But Bad Bunny, 45,000 people waiting in queue to buy tickets. And so the point is, I think come June 1 and July 1 and beyond, this year irrespective of group activity, which will be strong, is going to be a push to accommodate if you will. As it relates to next year, maybe Corey can speak a little more about the groups. So Thomas, I think your question was, when do we get to low 90s in that? And I think it will be dependent on a normal consistent group business coming back. We’ll start seeing things in the third quarter here with world of concrete, which we’ll know – we know is going to come in a little lower. It is their high season. It’s right in the middle of their busy season and there’ll be back in January. So we expect that to be a pretty good conference. Back half of the year, we have some pleased decent size groups at Mandalay Bay. And the current understanding is some groups are coming in a little lower than normal, and some may be coming out a little higher, but until we have some normalcy there, I think we’ll have a challenge of hitting that 90%. I think the encouraging news CS just announced they’ll be back in January. Hopefully, they come at full scale. And with any luck, if people get more comfortable with the meeting business and the social distancing gets relapsed, I think there’s a chance, a slight chance early 2022, we could start seeing 90% occupancies. Well, if you were to ask this last quarter, you did ask us last quarter, we said the back half of the year, I think we’re changing that feeling. It’s the first half of the year. The only real exception to that based on everything we said might be international business. And that’s obviously for us in integral and important, but that aside, we feel pretty optimistic about coming back to the first half of the year.
Thomas Allen: Thank you, both. And then just a follow-up, there’s a lot of macro discussions around labor shortages, leading to wage pressures and inability to operate because of lack of people. Are you feeling that?
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, I would say this, and Corey is the operator, but I can’t help myself, I used to be. The first three weeks that this thing really took off in the middle of March, we got caught off guard. If you asked us today, we probably have 1,300 openings. If you asked us in the middle of 2019, how many openings we have at any given moment, it’s about 1,300, 1,400. And so it just the velocity of how quickly it came back. I think over the next 60 days or teams have done a great job in responding. And I think you’ll see us get back to the place where particularly service levels are where they want and need to be. Because we’ll be able to staff up, there is a couple of holes.
Corey Sanders: I would agree, Thomas. I said national shortage. We’re well aware of it. We have instituted some things from the hiring front to help alleviate some of that pressure. As Bill mentioned, we’re hoping that next 60 days, we catch up back in that staffing area. But in general, we’re able to operate at levels that we’re comfortable with. But yes, there is a little bit of burden right now.
Thomas Allen: All very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from Shaun Kelley of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks everyone. I wanted to turn the attention to kind of flow through in the quarter, if we just look at some of the sequential progress. I mean, if I measured it right, it looked like over 80% flow through sequentially in Las Vegas. And the number in regionals was I think, a little over 70%, which is pretty astounding, given the gaming tax component. So I was just sort of wondering overall, what’s kind of driving those levels of flow through and how sustainable, is that obviously, I think Corey, you just mentioned some possible catch-up in expense rates a little bit, depending upon maybe the timing of this? But also just how do you factor in non-gaming coming back and some of that to just help us kind of think through that progression as we move through the year a little bit,
Jonathan Halkyard: Shaun, it’s Jonathan and I think it’s a very good question. It’s one we’ve been studying quite a lot. We are right now operating these businesses with demand in the past 30, 45 days particularly in Las Vegas, primarily against gaming and hotel revenue streams or end cost structures. What – the parts of the business, which where the capacity has not yet grown like it has in the hotel and the casino floor is in some of the profitable, but lower margin businesses food and beverage particularly things like entertainment and even some of the services that are really important and can be margin impacting like valet parking and the like. So that we’re going to see those costs come back. They will be – we expect them to be EBITDA accretive, but potentially margin dilutive, but it’s important because they add to the full suite of offerings that we provide. So the flow through really has been strong because in some ways these businesses in Las Vegas have been presenting the kind of – almost the kind of revenue profile that many of our regional business did. So I think that there is – I’m firmly of the belief that these businesses can over the long-term, both the regional and the Las Vegas businesses delivery, but the margins over 30% we had regional businesses in the first quarter that delivered margins everywhere from 25% to 50% for the quarter. So we certainly intend on securing the gains that we’ve made in the cost structure, but there will be some give back as we add to the full level of amenities that we can provide.
Shaun Kelley: Great, very clear. And then my follow-up, would just be on really a follow-up to the last question. As you’re thinking about the occupancy recovery, we’re seeing some of the – I think you mentioned a little bit about yield on pretty good on the weekends and your ability to yield up a little bit maybe just talk about how you’re thinking about hotel rates, and I mean, is there the opportunity to do meaningfully better than pre-COVID levels on hotel rates possibly as soon as the second quarter here. Just kind of – how was that rate trajectory at least at peak periods or kind of on weekends trending.
Corey Sanders: Shaun, it’s Corey. So the second quarter will be a little challenging because we put a lot of rooms on the books to build that base. And really, probably the first month that we’ll probably see or where we’re seeing rates higher than they were pre-COVID where is August of 2019 compared to now. And really the fourth quarter, we expect to see our rates up slightly, not significantly from the 2019 levels, just to give you some flavor right now. The weekend pricing compared to last year, it’s up over $10 to $15. Now don’t take that and multiply it by all of our rooms because we have that base to yield up and the demands there. We’re getting it on the incremental rooms. It’s really the mid weeks that challenge on pricing. And that will stay challenged until the convention business comes back.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Operator: And the next question will be from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey guys, thank you very much. Bill, you talked a little bit about obviously the 2019 levels, you mentioned kind of some of that international high-end driving that if I’m not mistaken, in 2019, that business was down fairly significantly and obviously, hampered the 2019 year. But as you look ahead when comparing to 2019, if you factor in kind of the lower base of international in 2019, and obviously the cost cuts both would seemingly be kind of upside to your strip 2019 numbers in 2022, to the extent, obviously the international high-end returns, and obviously, the cost cuts that would be allocated to Vegas. Is there anything in that line of thinking that you would say is maybe incorrect?
Bill Hornbuckle: No, look, I think on the former the cost cuts, where every bit confident based on what we know today and we know a whole lot more than when we started this. That the $450 million is going to hold, and we feel really, really good about that. We think this operating structure we put around that work is working and frankly working better than it was. And so we feel really good about that. The other – the international problem, part of it was about simply getting liquidity out of the market and getting it to here back to Las Vegas. Part of it was the market itself and it was falling off slightly particularly the China-based business that will depend more on Macau than anything else and how it recovers, how we reestablish our pipeline there. It’s going to be interesting what happens in 2022, Genting will come into the market, but Sands will presumably get out of the market at least with the direct connectivity to Macau and Singapore. And so we – there’s a new competitor and potentially somebody falling out overtime. And so it’s probably a net neutral. It just really gets down to liquidity and the ability of tourists from China and gamers from China, getting cash out and into Macau and potentially here to Las Vegas. And so I think you’re thinking about the right way though. We got pretty beaten up in 2019 there.
Unidentified Analyst: Right. Great. Thank you. And then Jonathan or bill, whoever wants to handle this one, as you guys sit here today with obviously $4.9 billion of cash on kind of the domestic or operating balance sheet for MGM, you obviously bought back some stock in the 1Q, you bought back a little bit more here in the 2Q. Do you see that kind of being core to the story as it was in kind of 2019 and prior to the pandemic, when you guys were buying back $350 million to $400 million a quarter on average, or is this more of a programmatic kind of do it for now and see as options arise, be it in New York, be it in Japan or wherever it may be to spend money in Macau with that the expansion that you guys mentioned.
Bill Hornbuckle: I do see it as being core to the story. The company had embarked on, I think a well-thought-out program that was then truncated in many ways by the pandemic. And it was certainly a good thing as I mentioned in my prepared remarks that the company had the liquidity, it did during 2020, but really having seen the results that we’re seeing in a confidence in the remainder of the year. I certainly think it’s high time to return to that. Now, we’re not going to commit to any specific magnitude. It kind of depends on how things proceed during the course of the year, but I certainly believe our shares are attractively valued and that return of our capital to shareholders is going to be an important and ongoing part of our capital allocation program.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you both very much. Oh, sorry…
Jonathan Halkyard: Carlo, my only comment was the – I think you said 4.9 and liquidity. I think that number is far off of that one.
Corey Sanders: Yes. Sorry. No, I was just referring to the cash.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks guys.
Corey Sanders: Okay.
Operator: Yes. The next question is from Chad Beynon with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Chad Beynon: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to focus on the regional markets. Some companies have talked about the strengths in unrated play, which has helped volumes and margins, which you talked about Jonathan. Can you guys elaborate a little bit more just in terms of what you’re seeing from the unrated players coming to the properties? If you think that’s sustainable and if you’ve been able to convert some of them over to your M life program? Thanks.
Corey Sanders: Hey, Chad, it’s Corey. Our unrated player saw big jump in on March compared to February. We’re up over 30% in the regional markets. Is that sustainable? I think it’s going to continue to grow as revenue grows. As the total revenue base grows has restrictions get relaxed. I think the unrated component will stay. The key to your point is converting them into people that we know. We have not really spent enough time on that to understand how to – how much of that is converting right now. But our goal is to put programs in place where we do convert them into MGM M life members and even BetMGM members.
Chad Beynon: Thanks, Corey. And then with respect to Macau, can you just give us an update in terms of how your team is thinking about the current restrictions? Obviously, we have May Golden Week coming up. I don’t think the market is ready for big inflow of people, but when you expect for more visitation to be permitted and how you think this could kind of ramp throughout the year? Thank you.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, Chad, I’ll turn this over to Hubert, but I think he’s got some good news on the May weekend. So, go ahead Hubert.
Hubert Wang: Okay. Thanks Chad. So the May Golden Week demand is actually pretty strong. We anticipate so I’ll to reach almost full occupancy. So similar to what we saw two years ago in 2019 for the upcoming Golden Week in early May, exceeding actually, our booking is pacing faster than what we saw during Chinese New Year this year and October Golden Week or Western New Year at the end of the year, last year. And also very important to point out that the demand from high end customers remains pretty strong from premium mass to in-house VIP. So actually a lot of off-suit product and there are already all the books. So, I think looking forward, we saw this momentum, I actually saw that in March market gradually to pickup. And I think that deep in the coming month in the balance of year, I think the vaccine rates, as we talked about in Bill’s prepared remarks, vaccine rates will also be important and also Hong Kong reopening with Macau and also the EV that application process, the redemption of that process in China will be these are going to be via the triggers for the recovery.
Chad Beynon: Thank you very much, Hubert.
Operator: The next question will be from David Katz of Jefferies. Please go ahead. David. Your line is open or your line is muted on your end. David, we are unable to hear you. All right. We’ll move on to our next question. And that’s from John DeCree with Union Gaming. Please go ahead.
John DeCree: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Bill, maybe two together. You’ve talked about Japan and downstate New York in Yonkers as a kind of focus growth initiatives and a little bit cloudy, I guess, as we look at the media reports and how those two opportunities are progressing, could you give us perhaps a better insight than anyone on progress in Japan and kind of expected timeline as well as, as your thoughts on how New York might play out at this point?
Bill Hornbuckle: Sure. I’ll start with Japan. Not much has really changed since the last quarter. There is still a submission deadline, July, I think it’s 20th of this year for an RFP. It’s our company’s intent to do that. They had opened it up. We have been able to work with Japan and the City of Osaka of note on some of the criteria given COVID, given the requirements and frankly we’re able to enhance them and improve them to the point of they’ve reopened it back up for about three weeks. There were no new participants. And so we stand as the lone entrant in that process, starting in July, it believe – believe it will be then determined by the national government in June and the following year where the three locations will be anointed. And that’s to be determined obviously at that what had happens. You all know that Japan last couple weeks went back into lockdown. So, it’s tenuous in some respects, but we are still very focused on it. We intend to hopefully apply in July if in fact that happens. New York is obviously more immediate. Nothing is simple, particularly there in the context of understanding what was done. As of now, we have until June 10, until the legislature closes. We are hoping to keep it in the governor’s budget. It didn’t make it, but we have a good reason to believe. I was literally there on Monday with some of our team talking to legislators at all about the process. And we hope to get from an RFI to an ultimately an RFP process that would happen later this year. We remain optimistic. We liked obviously our position there too early to tell exactly what we might do. It would depend on if there are two or three entrance. Ultimately, what the tax would be, et cetera, et cetera, but both of those remain on our radar and we’re zeroed in on around those timeframes.
Unidentified Analyst: That’s very helpful. Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Next question. We’ll move back to David Katz with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Katz: Hi, afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to discuss MGP and the stake there, which has continued to generate some proceeds and move lower. If we could just talk about what the perspective outcomes or alternatives could be and what the sort of gating factors around those would be to that moving lower from here.
Bill Hornbuckle: Sure. David. It’s been a process that the company has taken over time – over now a period of a few years. There’s no particular gating items just that we’ll look to monetize that stake potentially over time when we think that the opportunity is right for us to do so. So it’s balancing the yield that we have from that investment with MGP, with the other uses that we have for that capital. One other consideration that, of course we think about is the clarity of the story and the investment thesis behind MGM Resorts and our shareholders investing in MGP through MGM Resorts and they to be better served by being able to invest in MGP directly. So I think it’s a process, one that we advanced further during the first quarter. But as it relates to where we go from here I’m not going to really speculate on the magnitude or the timing.
David Katz: Understood. And if I can follow that up, obviously there, as you said, there’s a lot of issues, but is it fair to take away that tax implications, aren’t in and of themselves a gating factor in a relevant, but not gating factor. 
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. They’re certainly relevant. They’re not a gating factor.
David Katz: Perfect. Thank you very much. 
Bill Hornbuckle: Okay.
Operator: The next question is from Barry Jonas with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Barry Jonas: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I guess the first would be to what extent, if any, do you think stimulus checks weighed on the quarter?
Corey Sanders: Yes, look, I think it’s definitely had a benefit in the regional performance. I think there’s also things like no entertainment options really, also there is a quite bit of savings on the sidelines. So I think to sit there and be able to carve out exactly what each of those have, it would be difficult.
Barry Jonas: Got it, okay.
Jonathan Halkyard: This is Jonathan. I was also going to add it. It’s stimulus checks aside. It’s – I think it’s undeniable that sentiment has just improved dramatically as well as some real changes in operating restrictions in our business together with what we think are just a fantastic product and service that we’re offering with our teams. So it’s certainly a combination of events that we think has led to this demand improvement.
Barry Jonas: Great. And then just as a follow-up, beyond New York, are there any other land-based development opportunities in the U.S. You’d be interested in pursuing? There’s Chicago, potentially Texas, Georgia, or anything else?
Jonathan Halkyard: Barry, I would say this. Texas is of course of interest, presumably you know it, didn’t get through the legislative session. So at the very least the discussion is two years away, but as it was defined there, the four big cities, one of them would be something potentially down the road we’re interested in. Florida is complicated as you know, and we are watching that closely. Obviously, the governor just made a deal with the tribe. And so we’ll see how that pans out, both in the context of land-based as well as sports betting. Georgia is probably not any immediate horizon. And obviously we spend a great deal of time and energy there. We know the marketplace well. It have to be under the right circumstance. And Chicago is just complicated. The history there in Chicago, the tax and the notion of integrated resort at scale don’t necessarily marry up. And while I think they’ve had some improvement. We’re not overly keen or focused at this point in time there.
Barry Jonas: Understood. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about in the regional area, the cost saves, and you mentioned, some lower margin things may come back, but just looking at the high margins on the business that you do have, how much of that is, labor efficiency that, has nothing to do with like competitive issues that you can hold on to. And how much of it is the fact that, you didn’t have to do certain promotions or competitive things maybe trying to get that incremental top line from a – for a property nearby, can you kind of help us think about how much of it might be, of that improvement would be sustained kind of more in your control, I guess, versus competitive. Thanks.
Jonathan Halkyard: Robin, it’s Jonathan. The labor costs we expect to be largely sustainable. I mean, there is – there are a couple of circumstances in our regional properties where we’ve been aside from what I mentioned earlier about adding some additional capacity to restaurants, for example, which operate at lower margins than the other revenue centers. There’s a couple of circumstances in our businesses where we’re under our intended complement of employees, but those are – there are relatively few of those. So, we put a couple of pages in the presentation. But on the website today, recapping the cost program and much of those operations streamlining have already been realized in the regions and we’re confident we can sustain them. It is certainly true that our reinvestment is lower than it was pre-pandemic in the regional markets. That would to the tune of probably well, actually, I’m not going to offer a specific on that. Just to say that those changes I think are also sustainable and that they really haven’t been driven as much by competitive issues rather than our own practices of test and control, and always improving on the effectiveness of our marketing reinvestment
Robin Farley: Of the 13 kind of percentage points of margin improvement, how much of that would you say is that, that labor savings that you, I know there’s a side that lays out the aggregate dollar amount across the company of cost saves, but still the regional of those 13 points which…
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. I would say roughly compared to kind of pre 2019 levels probably about 300 basis points or so 300 to 400 basis points of savings.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you. And then just as a follow-up on a different topic was Macau, and I’m just looking at the market share sequential change from Q4 to Q1. And I know you mentioned the math hold was lower than you expected, and of course there’s a new competitor in Q1 as well. Is there anything else we should, any other dynamics that we should be thinking about looking at that, the market share shift sequentially?
Bill Hornbuckle: No. I might offer – hold on one sec, I might offer up we are and the reason we have gained share given the nature of the company, what we’ve done historically in Asia with branch offices and environments, we’re ideally suited to have our own customer, own customer database and our own programs. And so it’s benefiting us as the mass market returns, obviously that will go down, but as the market continues to shift away from junket and ultimately into premium mass, we think we’re well positioned. I don’t know, Hubert if you have anything to add?
Hubert Wang: Yes, I think that I can always count on you for one question on the call, last quarter you did the same, but I think that the if you look at market share, our market share up October last year. Overall, we averaged about 12% and that’s a, quite an increase in what we were back in 2019 and it’s first quarter, there was a little decline. I think that that is anticipated, I think as well base math coming into the markets. That’s what we’ll see, but I think that all focuses on high end premium mass. So in the second half of this year, we’ll introduce more suite products actually these are very high-end suite products in our portfolio. So, I think that we’ll regain some of the market share back that we saw a decline in Q1.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our final question will come from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Hi, thanks for sneaking me in there’s somewhat of a high level question, but I think pre pandemic, there was some talk of shifting from the MGM 2020 cost outs to investing in digital, to boost loyalty and improve the efficiency of revenues. And I see in the deck, I think you’ve highlighted investments into digital to improve loyalty. Can you just help us think about what that ultimately looks like as we try to think about that as an opportunity going forward?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, Stephen, Bill. So, we have spent a great deal of time trying to study what moves the needle and what doesn’t. And we’ve identified. We think some opportunity with high-end retail business, not surely in garment business, but high-end retail business, non-gaming some regional movement from regional players to Las Vegas to take better opportunity of the players. We already have some activity around BetMGM and making sure we secure those players and some other ideas there. And it is around part of its around the digital transformation, part of its around getting some of our tech debt resolved so that we have an environment that’s ripe and ready to do those kinds of things. And so we’re going to lean in with teams. We’re going to lean in with investment over the next three or four years. We obviously during the pandemic put the vast majority of that on stand down we went like, hell as you know, to get some of the things completed because of the pandemic mobile check-in and some of the other digital opportunities. But now it’s going to be really about what’s the customer experience. What’s the focused on the high-end. How do we drive more share, how do we drive more wallet and things of that nature. And we’re going to lean into that side of the business to help us do those things.
Stephen Grambling: And perhaps a related follow-up on the rated play in the regional markets. Are there changes in the competitive promotions you see where even if it may not be permanent promotion cuts, the cuts may be so significant or drafts. They just can’t be turned right back on. In other words, do you sense your peers may have structurally altered the promotional intensity as well?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, I think it depends on the market. I think Atlantic City, those numbers are published. You can see they’re fairly consistent. Some actually turned up their promotions at the beginning of the pandemic, the other markets; I think you see more rational type performance and just listening to our competitors. It seems like that is the way they’re going to run their business. So I think some of it is definitely sustainable market-by-market as you pick it up.
Stephen Grambling: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Hornbuckle for any closing remarks.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you. Operator. Just a couple of thoughts as we, as we leave the call and thank you all for your attendance today. Look, obviously you can sense we have a great deal of optimism for where we are and where we’re going. There’s been huge pent-up demand, and we see it. We see it here with activity around major events. And so we’re very excited about the summer and fall. I think you heard us say, I hope you heard us say, we think the regional’s returned to 2019 levels by end of year. And I hope you heard us say come the first half versus the second half, save international. We think we’re going to be back to 2019 levels here in Las Vegas. But MGM continues to amaze. We’re very excited by where we are great kudos to that team. A billion dollars of NGR in 2022 is compelling. If you think about what we were about six months ago and Macau, we still have and continue to have long-term aspirations and hopes for the market returning this year, we, we see of it now in the May holiday. And so we’re excited by that. And then ultimately I think we’ve got enough maturity now around our 2020 plan and business that the 450 we committed to is very real and we’re going to deliver on that. And so, we’re excited by where we are. We’re excited by taking his job and put earlier, you know, we’re conservative approach to capital allocation, and now going out and thinking about the true growth of the company and the kinds of places to do with whether it’s in Asia or digital or some other place know that we’re excited by that. And we’re excited by raising the bar here and across the portfolio in terms of service and the service deliverable we want, and we’ll do a much better job on that. So thank you for your attendance. I hope you all have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-10 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Jonathan Halkyard, Chief Financial Officer; Adam Greenblatt, Chief Executive Officer, BetMGM; Hubert Wang, President and COO of MGM China; and Jim Freeman, SVP of Capital Markets & Strategy.
James Freeman: This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at investors.mgmresorts.com, and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today’s press release in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial statements in our press release and our investor presentation, which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. And I’ll now turn it over to Bill Hornbuckle.
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, Jim, and thank you all for joining us today. I hope you and your families continue to be safe and well. Before we get to the details of our performance in the fourth quarter, I want to take a moment and thank the thousands of MGM Resorts colleagues around the world, who have helped worked so hard over the past several months. I, along with the other members of the senior management team, am eternally grateful for the resilience and commitment that our employees have shown throughout this crisis. I continue to be amazed by what we have accomplished together. We have adopted seamlessly to a rapidly changing environment always putting the safety and enjoyment of our guests and our employees first and foremost. More than anything else, that gives me confidence in our company’s future success. I’d also like to welcome the newest member of our executive team, our CFO, Jonathan Halkyard. Many of you know Jonathan from his tenure as CFO of Caesars, and most recently as Chief Executive Officer of Extended Stay America. Over the past 20 years, Jonathan has built a well-earned reputation for integrity, developing people, driving strategy, and delivering results for shareholders. I’m excited to have him here at MGM and even though it’s only been a short time, I can assure you he’s already having an impact. Welcome Jonathan.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  And our first question will be from Joe Greff with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Joseph Greff: Good afternoon, everybody.
William Hornbuckle: Hi, Joe.
Joseph Greff: Thank you for taking my question. Bill, either based on conversations with Nevada health officials or Governor Sisolak’s office, when would you anticipate a rollback in the more recent capacity restrictions in Nevada? And does March seem likely seasonality, ideally would it make sense? And how do you then think about some of the midweek room closures and reopening some of that hotel capacity?
William Hornbuckle: Look, obviously, we’re in constant dialog with the Governor’s Office and the health officials. We are hopeful that there’ll be a March rollback, probably till October levels would be ideal. There are no promises that the governor has slated a call for later this week. I would suspect we’ll see something targeted towards March, so I think March may hopefully begin to feel like October, if we’re lucky. And by the way, this is my presumption, not my knowledge. And then, I’m hoping by end of spring as we go into June, we’ll see yet another significant rollback as we get ready for events. There are several large conference conventions that want to come both City Wide and here at the property. And then, as you know, March Madness and followed by really spring break, pool season around here is substantive and meaningful. And so, I think we’ll see occupancies hopefully go back to October and then beyond. I know Corey is planning on – maybe to speak to Corey quickly, some openings here and sometime in March.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, Joe, our focus on openings will be if we could burn less cash being opened, and what we’re seeing on our booking pace is that that will definitely occur at the beginning of March. So, we would expect to open those 3 properties 7 days a week, beginning in March.
Joseph Greff: Got it. And when you look at sort of the net group convention booking activity, what’s sort of the period or month where you see, call it a slippage from the canceling and rebooking at a future date fees , is that September or is that October? And then, when you look at 2022 bookings, I know you were generally pretty positive on that. If you look at the number of conventions versus the number of anticipated attendees associated with the convention, is there much of a difference there? So at some point, we have to be concerned with attendees, not just sort of whether or not the event will take place when we think about next year?
Corey Sanders: Yeah, Joe, this is Corey. I do think especially the ones that we will attend this year, and we have some association groups, some pretty big sized ones scheduled even beginning in June. We do expect the attendees to be a little bit less initially, but I think as vaccines roll out and as people feel more comfortable traveling, the amount of people coming may not approach what it was at peak, but we hope to see that return in the beginning of 2022. The first big City Wide event has actually been scheduled and has been talked about. That’s the World of Concrete at the new convention center edition, which I walked yesterday, and it’s quite spectacular. It will be really great for the city. I think it will give the city a competitive advantage. And then literally 2 weeks later, they have Barrett-Jackson. So, we are optimistic what we see on our books in the third and fourth quarter. We still have quite an amount of rooms on there. And we’re – fourth quarter, we actually have more rooms on the books than we did the same time last year as we look at year out. And so, we’re pretty optimistic on what we see in the future. The other data point that we’re starting to see is people are starting to look to book, and we have over 120,000 rooms under contract for 2021 out there right now, that I think people are just looking for one more sign to say things are going to be on the clearer side.
William Hornbuckle: And then, Joe, maybe a little color to put things in perspective, I always found this number interesting. We collect a lot of advance deposits for entertainment. I remind you, we haven’t had entertainment now for better part of the year. We’re still holding 82% of those advance deposits for things like Lady Gaga and other shows that some of them aren’t even rebooked yet. And I think what It simply says is that, when available, people want to come back. And the idea of there being, yes, some of the groups may be light in participation, but I think the overall leisure travel and the notion of us with this massive amount of pent-up demand for people to get out, I think will offset in occupancy. For us, some of it’s going to be about RevPOR over the short term, not the long term, but I’m pretty excited by the trends and the way people have reacted today. We just had a great Super Bowl weekend in terms of participation. So I think people will respond as we come out of this.
Joseph Greff: Great. Thanks so much for the thoughts, guys.
Operator: The next question will be from Chad Beynon with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Chad Beynon: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to touch on the press releases that were out during the quarter, just on the Entain situation. You were very clear in terms of everything you’ve been able to accomplish recently with BetMGM. But just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more in terms of what was announced, the process, and then if you would expand beyond the United States, given your success here if that was part of the thinking with your original proposal. Thanks.
William Hornbuckle: Chad, look, I mean, the thinking is we see a great deal of opportunity in digital gaming, sports or iGaming and other potential channels, actually where entertainment and gaming could converge. That being said, it’s a big world. Obviously, we have a very good partner in Entain. We have our JV with BetMGM, that I’ve just articulated how well we think it’s doing. There’s a lot I can’t say, the UK takeover rules. So, there’s a whole lot I can’t say about our thoughts around that. Obviously, we had an interest. We’re now in a quiet period. We’ll have to see what happens. But I will say this, it is MGM’s intent to play in this space on a substantive and significant level on a global basis. And so, whether this is the avenue of the route to do it or not, I think time will tell. But we do want to diversify our revenues. We think this is where the industry is. It’s already started to prove itself. This is where the industry is going. And we want to be a larger part of it.
Chad Beynon: Thanks, Bill, I appreciate it. And then, one thing you hadn’t touched on yet is Japan. There were some announcements out there on another market, not the market that you’re focusing on. Could you just give us an update in terms of what’s the latest in terms of timing provincially, and then with the federal government over there? Thanks.
William Hornbuckle: Sure. The federal government announced the 9-month delay. Osaka has not given us the requirements of what that will mean to them and our submissions. I think that’ll be coming out within the next several weeks, I think you’ll see a requirement of us to submit an RFP with our partner Orix sometime this summer. It’s yet to be ultimately determined. And we’re ready to go. I mean, we’ve been in that marketplace a long time. We’re a believer in Asia. We’re a believer in Japan. We’ve spent a lot of time and energy, becoming the soul of – one standing at the gate, if you will, on Osaka. And so, how long this all takes? Obviously, COVID has hit there as equally as hard, and there’s a great deal of sensitivities around it, in that market. We haven’t had our people on the ground there for better part of 9 months. So it’s going to take some time to rebound. But we have the intent. And as well, I believe that the government still has the same intent of moving forward.
Chad Beynon: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question will be from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question and, Jonathan, welcome. I just wanted to start, Bill, you gave some really interesting disclosures on what you’re up to in the sports betting and iGaming front, and specifically, some great data around Michigan. And I just wanted to get maybe a sense, in particular, the iGaming numbers look really stellar to launch off. I mean, already being at a pace that’s ahead of New Jersey, it is pretty significant given I think the population is about the same size. So could you maybe unpack that for us a little bit? What do you think is driving the depths of that market? What do you think is driving MGM’s success there as it relates to maybe some of your cross-sell opportunities and customer acquisition?
William Hornbuckle: I’ll kick it off. I’d love you to hear from Adam here, because he’s obviously doing this every day up there. But we got going early, we were ready for it. We pre-registered folks. We had a campaign. Obviously, we’ve got huge brand presence there. We have a deep and rich database there. And ultimately, I think with our product, it resonated. But, Adam, why don’t you provide some color?
Adam Greenblatt: Yeah, absolutely, Bill. Thanks, Shaun, for the question. Well, firstly, I’m delighted to be here. And it’s a testament to the work of the BetMGM team, the success we’re seeing. And Michigan is a great example of our strategy, BetMGM strategy coming to life. Bill’s already touched on the power of the brand. We’ve got BetMGM Detroit, branded BetMGM – sorry – MGM branded Detroit branded, such the power of omnichannel, we’ve got both sports and gaming. And that really plays into our hand. The technology that we use from Entain was built in a way that gives us tremendous amount of flexibility in driving cross-product play. And we’re really seeing this come to life in Michigan. And I think the key step that perhaps when you’re looking for is multiproduct play. Recognizing that we’re in the early days of the market, we are seeing well over 30% of our customers playing both casino and sports. And so, we’re really excited about it. There is so much potential. iGaming has started more strongly than our sports business. The Super Bowl was very good for our sports business. So, yeah, we look to the future of that state, very, very encouraging.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you, Adam. And then, maybe as my follow-up, you guys did allude to your customer acquisition cost being, I think, lower than some of the market standards that we’ve seen in other markets. I’m kind of curious on your thought of – is that type of rate sustainable when you have this type of presence in kind of first day at launch? Or do you expect to begin to reinvest some of that lower customer acquisition cost, both as the market matures, and also maybe to possibly further boost your market share presence?
William Hornbuckle: Adam, again, why don’t you…?
Adam Greenblatt: Yeah, for sure. Bill already touched on our ability to get live on day one of the market and your question is relevant to that. What we are seeing, having launched 5 states in 87 days, a very, very busy first quarter and beginning of 2021. What we’ve seen is that in the first few days, the early weeks of a market CPAs are very low. Then we see as competition, other operators join us in those markets. We see CPA rates rise. We expect then the guidance that you’ve had from us and others to sustain for a period. What we do expect though is that, as the market rationalizes, as the market matures, the leaders cement their position in those leadership positions, that we will see those CPAs come down in due course, that’s kind of the profile.
Shaun Kelley: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question will be from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas Allen: Thanks. Just some more BetMGM questions. I think the key message is that you’ve gotten really strong share in date and you see room to continue to ramp. And looking at your disclosures quarter over quarter, it seemed like you ramped New Jersey iGaming share from 20% to 25%, in Colorado online sports betting share from 12% to 31%, despite I believe you launched on May 1 in Colorado along with the rest of the market. So what’s driving this really strong ramp? And what gives you confidence to continue to go? Thank you.
William Hornbuckle: Go ahead, Adam. And you can’t say brilliant management, but go ahead.
Adam Greenblatt: Well, obviously, that’s where I was going to go. Our business is a detailed business. Our business that is the orchestration of all of the tools, from the top of the acquisition funnel to how we look after players, to how they experience our product to our real-time CRM tools, to their brand to the work that we’re doing with MGM Resorts to really bring to life that M life database, to the fact that our players, that BetMGM players earn loyalty points that are redeemable for real life experiences within properties. All of these factors play a part into differentiating what BetMGM represents to our customers. And so, to pull out one or other elements of that, I think it doesn’t really reflect how important it is to line up all of those factors in order for the whole thing to come together. And that I believe is what is driving the momentum that we’re seeing in our business. And it is sustainable, because of it is difficult to do. And the business is – our BetMGM business is now really hitting stride. We’ve got the right team. The tools are working. And we’re seeing the fruits of that in the numbers.
Thomas Allen: Adam, I guess, as a follow up, you hit number one share in Tennessee. There are fewer competitors in that market, but you still have the main competitors in that market. What do you think is driving your leading position there? And then, you also highlight in the slide deck $13 million of deposits in January. Can you just talk a little bit about why that’s relevant? Thank you.
Adam Greenblatt: Yeah. I’m personally delighted about Tennessee, because some have suggested that we would excel at iGaming, but perhaps not be as strong in sports. And for me, Tennessee is the poster child of our ability to compete against the early leaders in a sports market only. Now, why are we seeing such success? We were there on day one. All of the components of our operating model were in place right from the start. We have the right partners, and we are partners with the Titans. So put all those things together, obviously, combined with product, CRM, all of the acquisition machine working. And we’re demonstrating that that we can fight and win toe-to-toe with the best. In relation to your second question which is around deposits, that’s important, because that’s the fuel. No deposits, no ability to wager, no ability to play. And the other point is – let me rephrase. The moment of truth is our players actually putting hard earned money into an account to play with us, rather than it being purely bonus money, incentive money. And so, the importance of that $13 million is it demonstrates the scale of fuel to drive  . I hope that’s helpful.
Thomas Allen: No, it’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will be from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, guys, good afternoon. Bill, if you could just – as you guys think about the book of business on the group side for 2022 and 2023, and you kind of look at where occupancy levels were and where rates were in 2019, obviously, the group side is pretty encouraging. So when you think about the ability to backfill and drive pricing and stuff, assuming the base case scenario, vaccinations, everything plays out, we flip the calendar next year, and all of this is behind us. How do you guys kind of think about a return from a hotel revenue, REVPAR, profitability perspective over the 2022-2023 period for the strip?
William Hornbuckle: Yeah, I would hope by the fourth quarter of 2022. We’re at about a 90% pace of where we were in 2019. I think the question really becomes what are the first and second quarters look like, and that’s obviously dependent on the balance of this year, and how quickly that ramps. But I hope to be every bit of the way there and maybe even the third quarter. It just again depends how quickly it comes back. It depends on how much rebound, enthusiasm we have from customers just wanting down the house. So – well, I think, again, the group business may be slower. We certainly have the business on the books. I think there’s going to be massive pent-up demand in terms of leisure business wanting to come. And then, we really haven’t thought about or talked about the funnel for international. I mean, I think you all know this historically that Bellagio summer. So we get into summer of next year with a clean slate internationally, 40% of our guests are truly, not only gaming, I mean, our guests are international. And so we have a large segment of that business, I think that will play into this, if it’s allowed to come back the way we hope and believe it will. And so that’s my thinking or sentiment. Corey, I don’t know if you want to agree.
Corey Sanders: I completely agree, Bill. The only other dependent is really air traffic, and how much – how fast they can build their capacity back, because I think the demand for our business will be there.
Jonathan Halkyard: Hey, Carlo. It’s…
Carlo Santarelli: Yeah, go ahead.
Jonathan Halkyard: Yes, Carlo. It’s Jonathan. And I – the only thing I would add is that I think this could be particularly interesting with these revenue gains against a cost structure that’s been resized as a result of a number of the initiatives this company has taken on over the past 18 months, and is now being tested in certain pockets of growth that we’ve seen, whether it be weekends or on the regions and has really resulted in margin expansion in those periods. So I think that, the top-line certainly is an important part of the question. But the way in which we flow that through down to EBITDAR is going to be probably even more exciting.
William Hornbuckle: Yeah, we had in the fourth quarter, I think the point that – the occupancy in the fourth quarter at Bellagio, Corey, was 34%, something like that?
Corey Sanders: They were a little higher.
William Hornbuckle: A little higher.
Corey Sanders: Yeah. Yeah.
William Hornbuckle: But the margins were up into the 40s. So, I mean, we had – yeah, so it’s not even in that small amount of volume, we can see the margin, we can clearly see in the regional businesses. But as Las Vegas returns, we’ll see, I think here first and foremost in ARIA, hopefully, and then it will flow through the balance of the business.
Carlo Santarelli: And Bill, just to clarify, I think you said 4Q 2022. Did you mean 4Q 2021 with that 90% number?
William Hornbuckle: No, I meant – no, no, you asked the question on 2022. That’s what I said. I’m sticking…
Carlo Santarelli: Okay. Okay. I just wanted to make sure. Okay, thank you. And then, just 1 follow-up. As you guys – obviously, you guys talked a lot about the sports piece and off to the – it’s been off to the races and are really strong. So how should we think about, and I know this is going to be kind of a moving target, because, unfortunately, as new states come online, clearly, you’re going to be spending and investing in those states. And that’s going to take kind of the profitability window longer, which is ultimately obviously a good thing. But if you think about the states, where you’re live now with what you were saying, the volumes you’re achieving and think you will be able to subsequently achieve. When would you say kind of breakeven from an EBITDA perspective on the sports side could comment, if we were to just assume status quo and no new state launches?
William Hornbuckle: Look, Adam, I don’t know if we broken out exactly that way. I think we’re in the second half of 2023 and beyond before we start to come down, if you will, off of peak investments. And obviously, it depends on how states roll out in when, obviously, by 2024 and 2025, we have models that are throwing off substantive EBITDA. Adam, I don’t know if you want to add to that.
Adam Greenblatt: Yeah, that’s absolutely, right, Bill. It’s – on a state basis, we’ve indicated that our expectation is, it takes about 3 years to get to breakeven. So the critical piece here is the timing of state rollout, particularly the big states.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Okay. Thank you guys very much.
William Hornbuckle: Thanks, Carlo.
Operator: And the next question will come from John DeCree with Union Gaming. Please go ahead.
John DeCree: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Just one for me to continue the discussion on BetMGM. One of the statistics you’ve provided was about 17% of BetMGM signups have come from Mlife, and I’m not sure if you have any real data. But I’m curious if you could talk about where the other customers are coming from. You’ve got a number of partnerships that you put together Yahoo! Sports teams and such. And I’m curious if you have a sense of where the other 80% or so of customers are coming from and if that’s not really available kind of where are you spending your efforts in customer acquisition away from Mlife in direct marketing, anything like that, that you could kind of give us a little bit of color on how you’re acquiring those other customers right now?
William Hornbuckle: Adam, are you?
Adam Greenblatt: Yeah, absolutely. By far, MGM is number one through Mlife and omni, MGM is number one. We’ve said that, and that remains the case. And frankly, I think that’s only going to get bigger. Clearly, we’re at limited not reduced occupancy in the properties. And we’re seeing great conversion rates in the properties, both conversion rates and also CPA, so very excited about a post-COVID world. After that you correctly referenced Yahoo. Yahoo is our next largest partner source of traffic. They just actually been licensed in Michigan, and we’ve already seen the positive impact on player recruitment from that. Behind that, there is a range of sources. We’re investing in brands. We’re investing in outdoor, TV, digital. So the biggest single source rather than being attributed to one partner, our biggest source of traffic is organic. So it’s the combination of all the work we’re doing on brand and TV and outdoor. So people actually typing into their browser BetMGM. That’s the next biggest one. But otherwise, it’s a range of origins.
William Hornbuckle: And then, John, frankly for us in the brick and mortar side, it’s the inverse, because that number is almost double in terms of people that we’ve been able to reactivate to the brand bring in. I think, I mentioned in the last call some of success we had at Borgata bringing back 165,000 folks – reigniting 165,000 folks from Mlife, who hadn’t been in a while. And so, it’s a 2-way street. Obviously, for acquisition for Adam’s team, this is the cheapest. For us, it’s the opportunity to reactivate and reengage, in fact, we stay engaged 365. Vegas, they come 1.5 times a year if we’re lucky, regionals or more. But the idea that we could have connectivity for that extended period of time is pretty exciting.
John DeCree: Thanks, Bill. I agree. I’ll let you get a couple more quarters of casinos reopening. And then I’ll ask you for some stats on how those new BetMGM customers and the Mlife are doing at the casino looking forward to that. Thanks a lot, everyone, and congratulations on the solid results.
William Hornbuckle: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be from David Katz with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Katz: Good afternoon, everyone. 2 questions. And if we can – this may be a chance to get Jonathan in the game. As we look at the recovery, specifically in Vegas, we’ve all talked about how the regionals expect to retain a healthy amount of the margin increases. But I’m wondering how complex it is, opening large scale integrated resorts and the degree to which you can sort of hang on to margins. I’m wondering what comment you can make about profitability levels as we rollout to a more normalized level, and whatever that is 2022, 2023. And how that margin percentage compares to 2019?
Jonathan Halkyard: Yeah. Thanks for getting me in the game. I’ll offer a couple of thoughts. There is – as I’ve done some forensics on the performance of the business last year and in 2019, looked at the projects, which Corey has led through operations to really reconsider the operating model, and not just in the past 12 months, but even before the company entered 2020. I’m convinced that this business with the return of the volumes as complex as it is, as you noted, can secure the gains in the cost structure that they have seen so far. It was a long time ago – it feels like a long time ago. But it’s important to note that this time last year, in January and February of 2020, MGM’s property level margins had increased almost 500 basis points over the prior year. And that was a benefit of the cost moves, and some restructurings that occurred during 2019, and we were already seeing in the numbers a year ago. And that that program – those series of programs were augmented further, of course, during 2020. And beyond that, and this has been a bit of a surprise for me coming to MGM for sure. The company really has a very effective operating model with centers of excellence in the areas you would expect hospitality, gaming, finance, entertainment that cut across the entire enterprise, and are effective and efficient delivering, I think, a better outcome at lower cost. And that kind of organization is absolutely critical when we talk about things like the reopening of these properties. So I certainly anticipate EBITDAR margins solidly above 30% across the enterprise as we recover, we would have seen that in the regions in the fourth quarter of 2020 had we not had the closures. And I’m confident that we can get there in Las Vegas as well as we reopen.
William Hornbuckle: And David, I just might add a thought. Look, we are open. We open and close some of them every week and that’s a complex process. But – and so we’ve proven to ourselves that the restructure, our ability to spread management across multiple properties in terms of senior leadership, not only is going to work, has worked. And so it’s not overly complicated. I think the trick for us will be make sure that we’re tight and we’re disciplined on yielding volumes and making sure that we do labor, the way we forecasted it and the way we’ve presumed that we’ve done historically in the last couple of months, as Jonathan mentioned before the pandemic. That’ll be our test, if you will. It’s not overly complicated at this point, if kind of being here in the middle of the ship is probably the most complicated.
David Katz: Understood. And thank you for that. My follow-up is probably not for Jonathan. I wanted to ask about the digital gaming, and the degree to which and the importance of which, owning your own technologies and owning your own capabilities, becomes increasingly important as you scale. Candidly, it was one of the first thoughts I had around just before the Super Bowl, when they’re started to be some news about volumes becoming an issue. If you could just talk about that importance going forward, that would be helpful economically and strategically?
William Hornbuckle: Yeah. Look, I will kick it off. And then, I think, Adam can speak to the Super Bowl, be happy to handle that one. The good thing with our partnership is it’s that. We gave our retail business, they gave their technology. And so by not owning our technology in most circumstances, there’s a percentage that comes with that. We’re not burdened with that, if you will. We’re not paying a percentage of GGR or NGR – GGR on someone else’s technology. So that’s the first affirmative thing. When it comes to this initiative with Entain, obviously, America is the biggest thing in the world right now. And so we’re all highly focused on it. And so our ability – and as you know, it was rough out of the gate, but our ability over the last year, particularly led by Adam now to get the teams engaged, to get the technology, to get the development effort, to get the product that we need and want for America of note, because obviously, we’re desiring to speak to Premier League and other things has been meaningful. Sure, ultimately, at some point, it could come into play. But for today, we don’t pay the premium that others do. As it relates to Super Bowl, it wasn’t necessarily a volume thing. But Adam, why don’t you just comment on it for a moment?
Adam Greenblatt: Yeah, of course. But if you’ll indulge me just before I get onto that, just to – David, to build on what Bill has said. With the owning your own technology piece is important for – on 4 pillars. The first, obviously is cost. We’re not paying away to a third party, the cost of it. But importantly, by owning our product, we can get to market quickly, we can be there on day one, as we’ve demonstrated 5 times over in 87 days, I don’t think anybody else has done that. So speed to market, so that we can capitalize on that pent-up demand that low CPA period that is vital and valuable. We can also staying with product, we can also respond quickly. And I believe more quickly than anybody else to what customers are telling us, and we have a research group now and a research process so that the process of ongoing improvements to product can be translated into what customers experience as quickly as possible. So that’s a further benefit. Content is the other. We have in-house with – in our partnership within Entain. We have in-house studios, which allow us to bring unique content to market which is both cheaper than buying. Obviously, we’re not paying away a REV share. But it’s the only place in town that you can play certain games, our most popular iGaming product in New Jersey and now in Michigan is our in-house developed game. So and – playing that forward, why is that relevant? Because, we think that we can continue to develop, innovate and differentiate. And the last is the tools that are unique to our platform. The player management tools, the customer communication tools, all of those come together in a way that we think is strategically valuable. Now, getting onto – that’s all the good stuff. As regards the Super Bowl, Bill already mentioned, the Super Bowl was a record breaking day for BetMGM. Online bets 11 times last year, online handled 17 times last year. And our digital performance was robust throughout the U.S., which as you’ve probably read wasn’t the case for all operators, and actually enhanced our competitive position. But, Nevada was different. And in Nevada only, we did have an outage, which resulted in the system being down during the game. But the system was restored shortly after and has been working as normal ever since. Now, just in the important parts, the issue that caused the outage was specific and was the unfortunate result of a human error and has been addressed. We know that the software works, which makes the downtime on Sunday, all the more disappointing, particularly given all the tremendous work that was done by our MGM colleagues in preparation for the event, which was just enormous. And it goes without saying that we sincerely apologize for the inconvenience caused to our customers, who I hope are looking forward to March Madness as much as we are. And I’ll give it back to you, Bill.
David Katz: Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question will come from Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. All of my BetMGM questions have been answered already. Just one on Macau, obviously, your cash flow positive in the fourth quarter, but I know from your comments and comments that others have made, it sounds like a lot of that was really in the month of October. So just wondering with the sort of dampened levels that you’ve talked about, it has – is the property cash flow positive now here in Q1 so far?
William Hornbuckle: Hubert, you’ve stayed up all night for this. This is all yours.
Hubert Wang: Thank you, Robin, to make my early rise in Macau worthwhile. Actually, I think, I want to correct one thing you’ve stated. In Macau, actually, the cash flow has been – was positive each month in the fourth quarter, actually, December had the best financial results. And also in terms of business recovery, December was the strongest. And, of course, going to first quarter, we saw some of the momentum carried over in the first week of January. But after that, because of the COVID cases in China increased, so there was some travel advisory put in place by the Chinese authorities at all different levels. We do anticipate that hotel occupancy will reach a level similar to October Golden Week last year for Chinese New Year period. And this will be a period for us that to remain positive for quarter-to-date period. And visitation to Macau is a function of COVID cases in Macau, COVID cases in China, and also the availability of vaccination. I think that when you look at these variables, there’s no reason to believe that the travel advisory will stay in place for a long period of time, because I think Macau has been almost 250 days without any local cases. In China, the burst that we saw in December or early January has quickly diminished to about low-double-digits, in the teens. And vaccination in Macau and also in China has been pushed out to more and more people. So I do believe that we have reason to be optimistic in the first quarter. Back to you, Bill.
William Hornbuckle: That’s great, Hubert. Thank you.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks very much.
Unidentified Company Representative: Can we get the last question, please, Chad.
Operator: The next question will come from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Thanks for sneaking me in. Changing gears a little bit, what are your latest thoughts and the different paths to think through MGP and potentially deconsolidating that asset?
William Hornbuckle: Look, I’ll kick it off. And we’ll let Jonathan in since I spoke way too much here. Obviously, we have an opportunity with some more high-basis units that we can go after. It’s still our long-term intent to potentially sell some of this down, if not, over time, all of it. So we’re an asset-light company. But there’s a lot involved between now and then. And so, Jonathan, why don’t you pick it up from there?
Jonathan Halkyard: I mean, I’d only offer a couple of thoughts, Stephen. As Bill said, it certainly is our goal over time to reduce our ownership stake in MGP. I think it would in some ways simplify our story and our corporate structure. We do have some opportunities to do tax-efficient sales of OP units. But it is also a – it’s a high yield on the investment that we have in MGP right now, so relatively high yield. So we certainly need to balance our moves with that, which is right now an appealing return on that investment. But the direction is certainly over time to reduce that.
Stephen Grambling: Makes sense. And then, if I can sneak a follow-up in on BetMGM and iGaming, are the customer acquisition costs for all iGaming and sports betting players including the M life customers? And if it is, what do you think the customer acquisition costs are for non M life customers? And perhaps another way of coming at it, can you identify how many of the M life signups of that 39% that were attributed to BetMGM? What does that equate to in terms of just number of people?
William Hornbuckle: Stephen, can we hook you and connect you with Adam for some of that offline?
Stephen Grambling: Yeah, that sounds good.
William Hornbuckle: That we could go on for a while on that one. We’ve obviously suggested that M life customers are a whole lot less expensive to get. There’s obviously more expense tied to brand new customers that, over time, we think will become profitable for all of us. iGaming actually costs a little bit more, but they’re much bigger wallet. And they last a lot longer, which is the value set there really. And sports betting is so new, we don’t know what 3 years into sports betting looks like, because no one’s ever done it before. And so – but I’d love you to spend some time with Adam. And if I could offer you up, Adam, that’d be great.
Adam Greenblatt: Cool, cool, delighted. I like talking about our business.
Stephen Grambling: That’s great. Well, that’s helpful color there to start it off. And I look forward to following up. Thank you.
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, Stephen.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Hornbuckle for any closing remarks.
William Hornbuckle: Thank you, operator. And thank you all for joining us today. Obviously, we’re excited about our sports betting business. You can tell and I could sense everyone’s excitement. It’s obviously the conversation and the value driver of present. And we think ultimately, in the long term, for long-term for the company. You’ve heard us talk about diversification. We are hell bent on that. Whether it’s into this space or other areas, brick and mortar and otherwise, in Asia, that’s something we’re going to continue to be keenly focused on. We’re going to have a very disciplined approach coming out of this emergence, if you will, to make sure that the expenses that we’ve put in play and we’ve all worked so hard for over the last 18 months, and frankly, 2 years, it started a long time ago. And then, we doubled down during COVID, when we restructured once again at the parent company level. You’ve heard from Jonathan, his view on the outside, our COE and our environment and our operating model is working. So not only is it cost effective, but we think it’s effective in general, and it works. And ultimately, we’re going to become extremely customer-centric. We want to value up our customers. We want to push them up our chain, our food chain, if you will. We think there’s a lot of retail money still to be had at ARIA and at Bellagio. And we’re excited to get going with platforms here around digital marketing. And some of the things we’ve just put in play with the digital check-in, that gives us access to customers like we’ve never had before, that we’re excited ultimately to deploy, so a lot more to come. Obviously, we’ve got probably 3 or 4 months of angst. And we’ll see as these states continue to roll out, and most notably here in Southern Nevada what happens. I think starting this week, we’ll hear from the Governor. And then over the next couple of weeks and months it’ll be important to stay in touch. And obviously, any or all of us are available right after the call or until tomorrow morning. So I thank you all.
Operator: And thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded.
William Hornbuckle: Thanks. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Hubert Wang, President of Hospitality and CFO of MGM China Holdings Limited; and Jim Freeman, SVP of Capital Markets & Strategy. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. In fairness to all participants, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Please also note this conference is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn the conference over to Jim Freeman. Please go ahead.
Jim Freeman: This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at investors.mgmresorts.com, and we've also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release in our filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliations to GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation, which are available on our website. Finally, the presentation is being recorded. I'll now turn it over to Bill Hornbuckle.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, Jim and thank you all for joining us today. I hope you and your families continue to be safe and well. Over the course of the last several months, we've learned how to respond to the challenges posed by the virus, and I continue to be impressed by the resilience and the commitment of our team. We have developed a set of health and safety protocols that have proven effective. Our strong operating capabilities have helped us effectively adapt to an uncertain environment, and even amidst this uncertainty, we are charting a plan for growth, respond, adopt and plan to grow, which become the philosophy that now governs everything that we do. We head into the end of the fiscal year with a hopeful but cautious view of the future. We continue to believe the fundamentals of our business are strong, and we're well positioned for the future. We saw sequential improvements in all of our markets in the third quarter, and our regional properties have led the pace of recovery with several properties generating record operating performance. While we saw promising signs of confidence and recovery in the third quarter, we continue to stay focused on the broader environment. Our strategies are centered around several key priorities. First, the health and safety of our guests and employees remains our top priority. We know that success of our health and safety protocols is essential to building confidence among leisure and business travelers. And we talked about our new Convene with Confidence health and safety plans for meetings and conventions, entertainment and sporting events, about which we are very optimistic. We remain laser focused on leveraging our operating model to effectively manage costs. Our efforts are evidenced by our declining cash burn rate, reduced corporate expense, and improving in our regional operating margins. We believe that many of these efforts are sustainable, and as we've stated in our last quarterly call, we identified 450 million of annualized costs when business returns to 2019 levels, and we continue to believe this is achievable. Our liquidity position is strong, which we further bolstered earlier this month to an opportunistic debt offering. And lastly, sports betting and iGaming continue to gain momentum as states accelerate legalization and sports volumes ramp up. BetMGM has gained significant market share and has already become a top three player in each of our markets where data is publicly available. We remain focused on executing on the online opportunities while also increasing our long-term presence in Asia. Let's go into the quarter's results. With the September 30, reopening of Park MGM and NoMad Las Vegas, all of our domestic and international properties are now open. Our third quarter Las Vegas Strip revenues were 481 million, which grew 331 million sequentially from the second quarter. Our Las Vegas Strip property EBITDA was 15 million, compared to 104 million loss in the second quarter. On a hold adjusted basis, our Strip EBITDA grew 134 million sequentially from Q2 to 21 million in Q3. In addition, the company extended benefits to our furloughed employees through September 30 and also negotiated certain union health benefit contributions, collectively resulting in a 29 million onetime expense in the third quarter, of which 21 million was attributable to our Las Vegas Strip properties, not including CityCenter. Our third quarter hotel occupancy was 44%. While we continue to leverage our casino database, as well as our transient and leisure segments to help offset the lack of group business, midweek occupancies remained challenged at 38%. Our results were bolstered however, by stronger demand on the weekends where hotel occupancies were 60%, mostly by design as we continue to maintain occupancy caps for appropriate social distancing and the quality of the overall guest experience. While much has been beyond our control, we are focused on what is within our control. As we've reopened properties, we have aggressively monitor cost and manage variable labor to closely match demand. We've also continued to focus on creating a safe environment for all of our employees and guests. On September 29, Governor Sisolak expanded Nevada's mass gathering limitations from 50 people to 250 people, opening the door to restarting meetings and live entertainment. Under the guidelines we were able to host meetings for up to 1000 people, so long as they are consistently separating the subgroups of no more than 250 people. Just last week, the Governor also announced that we're working with the operatives on a plan to increase this further to 50% capacity, hopefully by January 1. We have proactively developed a comprehensive health and safety plan for meetings and events, and entertainment and sporting events called Convene with Confidence. We believe these efforts will help rebuild confidence in safely bringing meetings, conventions and live entertainment back to Las Vegas. Our Convene with Confidence program is built upon our seven-point safety plan is a comprehensive layered approach based on guidelines from health experts and addresses the entire guest experience from ticketing and planning to arrival and food and beverage services. We are particularly proud of the new COVID-19 testing protocol, which we will be offering as an optional amenity to our meetings and events clients. MGM has partnered with biometric security identity company CLEAR to leverage a new health pass technology, including a real time health questionnaire and COVID related test results and temperature checks. This process was utilized the National Hockey League's successful return to play at the Stanley Cup playoffs in Toronto and Edmonton. As part of this protocol, MGM is partnering with CUE Health to deploy their rapid, portable, molecular point-of-care COVID-19 tests that deliver results in approximately 20 minutes, and allows event organizers to create perimeters for their events and exhibitions. We recently conducted the first pilot at the MGM Grand Detroit with the Detroit Pistons, and they said our testing regime played quote a critical role in their ability to safely execute their workout program. We've also received encouraging feedback from meeting planners and existing group customers about our Convene with Confidence program. And in fact, we currently have a group in house using the testing protocols, and we'll be able to share more of these details in the near future. Looking beyond the third quarter, we believe the market will continue to stabilize although seasonal challenges remain near term. Weekend booking demands remained solid in October, but driving midweek demand continues to be a challenge without the convention business. We also expect to see as we do every year, seasonally a lower leisure travel in between the holiday periods in November and December. At the end of the winter months, we're developing slow pre-plans for the weekdays to minimize EBITDA losses. We are encouraged by the Governor's announcement on mass gathering limits and with our Convene with Confidence plan as the initial steps to bringing back larger meetings conventions, hopefully starting early next year. We also recently announced the return of seven of our live shows and the reopening of entertainment venues in Las Vegas. We are very optimistic that meetings and events at scale will eventually fully return. That being said we continue to believe that the material recovery in Las Vegas is dependent on the return of larger scale conventions and entertainment platforms along obviously with significant air travel. Moving on to the US regional performance, which continue to exceed our expectations and gain market share. Our regional revenues sequentially grew by 468 million from the second quarter to 557 million in the third quarter. Our regional property EBITDA was 146 million in the third quarter compared to an EBITDA loss of 112 million in the second quarter. Properties that were open for the entirety of the third quarter had 15% revenue declined from the prior year period, but delivered an adjusted property EBITDA growth of 7% with margins improving 768 basis points. Our drive-to regional's that were open for all of the majority of the greater quarter exhibited particular strength with margin improvements ranging anywhere from 600 to 1500 basis points. In fact, MGM Northfield Park, National Harbor and Gold Strike each achieved all-time record EBITDARS in the quarter, and MGM Springfield delivered a record third quarter EBITDAR. Our integrated regional destinations such as Beau continued to ramp throughout the quarter despite impacting by two storms. And the property also currently is close to the impact of Hurricane Zeta. And our thoughts go out to the team and members and our customers in the region. MGM Grand Detroit and Borgata are performing well and operating under tight restrictions. And all in all, we saw an incredible result delivered by our best in class regional teams. We believe we are still benefiting from the lack of broader local entertainment alternatives available to consumers and our ability to capture an outside share of wallet. This combined with our focus on cost has driven margin improvements at our regional properties. We are encouraged to see the demand carry into October, and we will maintain our intense operational focus as capacity limitations eventually ease and the broader business economy reopens over time. Turning to Macau, while the 14-day quarantine measures between Macau and Mainland China had been lifted and the issuance of tourism visas has resumed, logistical hurdles and testing requirements have continued to impact the Macau market. As a result, third quarter market wide GGR was down 93% year-over-year. MGM China's third quarter revenues and the adjusted property EBITDA were 47 million and negative 96 million respectively, which improved sequentially from the second quarter. Market wide daily visitation has been very steadily improving into October's Golden Week. And since the second week of the month, we are seeing improved volumes across all segments sequentially week-on-week. Month-to-date we are encouraged that our properties have crossed property EBITDAR breakeven levels led by the recovery in the premium segments. We expect the rate of recovery will continue to be gradual, driven by premium mass market, which both our Macau properties are ideally positioned to capture. We continue to believe in long-term success of Macau and we'll continue to invest in strengthening our market position there. Currently, construction of the additional suites in the south tower of MGM Cotai is underway and will be ready in mid 2021. We've also begun remodeling our MGM Macau villas and the gaming space on level 35. And at both properties, we're also adding food and beverage options focused on the gaming floors and longer term we also have the ability and the desire to build another hotel tower at MGM Cotai, along with meaningful entertainment assets to diversify our offerings. In an unprecedented and uncertain operating environment liquidity remains of utmost importance, our liquidity position remains strong. As of September 30, MGM had over 7.8 billion of consolidated liquidity, which included 1.4 billion at MGM China, 1.9 billion at MGP and 4.5 billion at our domestic operations. Earlier this month, MGM Resorts opportunistically raised an additional 750 million of eight year senior notes at four and three quarter percent, further solidifying our already strong liquid position. Adjusting for this issuance, we had 5.2 billion of liquidity at our domestic operations excluding MGM China and MGP. And we still also have the right to cause MGP to redeem 700 million of OP units for cash. Before we go to questions, I'd like to spend a few moments discussing our position in a rapidly evolving US online sports betting and iGaming market. Over the past few months, we continue to gain significant momentum towards solidifying BetMGM as a leader in the space and we're very pleased with the results. BetMGM is now live in eight states, soon to be nine as of Sunday with our launch in Tennessee, which we announced earlier this morning and we expect to be in 11 states by the end of this year. We currently have market access in 20 states and are actively working to secure more ideally positioning BetMGM to be front and center of the action from day one, which is critical as states continue to go live. From a market positioning standpoint, we believe BetMGM is now a top three player in all of the markets that it is in. In September BetMGM estimated sports betting and iGaming market share was collectively around 18% in the states in which it operates. We have demonstrated strong operating performance in iGaming with 23% market share in New Jersey and a growing position in West Virginia. And importantly, we also grew share in online betting as well and currently estimate our online sports betting market share to be around 9%. This is exciting considering we have doubled our market share since January. Finally, retail sports have regained momentum since our property reopenings in Michigan and Mississippi, which are especially driving great results. Our partnership with Yahoo Sports is also starting to pick up steam. Earlier this month we launched a streamline betting experience on Yahoo Sports, whereby it's 50 million average monthly users including its DFS users can directly link now to BetMGMs platforms from their yahoo app, register a sign on and make a bet. We have more features planned in the near future and in the near future we remain excited about this relationship. We know that an omnichannel customer who plays in the retail casinos, iGaming and sports betting is a higher value customer than single channel customer. As such, we continue to believe that BetMGMs key competitive advantage is its exclusive access to MGMs physical destinations, its broad-based experiential offerings and M life loyalty program, which is to be leveraged as efficient and effective against customer acquisition tools as possible. Through a combination of strategic branding, direct marketing, on the ground brand ambassadors and hosts as well as the integration of M life with the BetMGM app we have been aggressively working to introduce new customers to BetMGM. While we're still in the early innings, we're excited to see the early proof of concept in our ability to acquire higher quality customers at lower costs. On the flip side and equally exciting to us is our strong belief that BetMGM will naturally drive expansion in MGMs customer base as well, ultimately fueling growth in our brick and mortar business. In fact, we are already starting to see cross marketing opportunities in the near term, and believe this will only get better over time as BetMGM continues to expand its player base. Given the better than expected progress, BetMGM is now on track to deliver net revenues between 150 and 160 million in 2020, which is an increase from our original $130 million expectation. We continue to believe that this is the largest growth opportunity US gaming, and we think we have what it takes to be a long-term winner. We're very excited about our progress. But we know we have more work to do and we remain focused on executing. Again, before I turn it to Q&A. A few closing thoughts. Over the past week, we've been watching COVID relative trends change across the globe, reminding us all that we're not out of the woods yet. Well, I've yet to see any incremental impact or domestic business, we know we must remain diligent and disciplined as ever. I have a great confidence in our comprehensive health and safety protocols, which cover all aspects of the guest experience to which we have strictly consistently adhered. These protocols and our commitment to health and safety have allowed us to operate successfully in the last crucial months. We believe they will also successfully guide us through the future. While we recognize there's near term headwinds, we remain confident in the long-term. This optimism is driven by our proven ability to react, to adapt and ultimately to grow. Despite our challenges, MGM Resorts is a strong company, thanks to an early an unwavering commitment to the MGM 2020 plan, and the new operating model, an extremely strong balance sheet, a high quality of our destinations and path to recover we are seeing led by our regional operations, and of course, our people who have simply been amazing through all of this and who continue to deliver safe, welcoming and entertainment experience for all of our guests. Looking forward to the future, we continue to make progress in all of our growth opportunities, developing BetMGM as a leader in the US sports betting and iGaming, expanding our footprint in Macau and ultimately developing a world class integrated resort in Osaka, with our power partners in Orix. With that operator, I'll be happy to turn it over to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question today will be from Joe Greff with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, everybody. My questions relate to your Las Vegas Strip properties though, can you talk about strip EBITDAR by month and quarter, I'm presuming September exceeded August and August exceeded that of July? Really trying to get to sort of how to think about a monthly run rate of EBITDAR exiting the quarter? I know October is not over. But I'm presuming October EBITDAR exceed September. And I guess it almost has to because those furlough costs go away. But if you can provide some color, that'd be helpful. Thanks.
Bill Hornbuckle: Hey, Joe, I'll take you to Corey in a minute, but look sequentially, yes, there's been improvement. We've seen that. We mentioned under my comments about a couple of one-time charges principally around union benefits that were given the 15 million EBITDA meaningful to the quarter, the context of performance. October is doing as expected and then some, but there's a long way to go for the balance of the quarter.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, and Joe, just to give you some color sequentially without giving actual numbers because we won't we usually won't provide monthly results. I would say the trends in all of our divisions seem to be about the same and getting a little better each month. In the occupied rooms in September, as you saw probably from the statistics from LVCVA have increased in the city.
Joe Greff: Okay. All right, maybe Bill can you just provide maybe some additional details or some specificity on the known and maybe you kind of reference sort of the seasonal lows in November and December, but how you're managing the strip during different demand periods and how are you managing this with labor OpEx, whether you're partially closing some of your properties like what's going on at Encore, Platinum and others and maybe sort of discussing this contest. And maybe how much EBITDA delta there is at say some of the properties with the weakest demand, in terms of staying open versus being partially or entirely closed?
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, let me start at 40,000 feet and kind of work my way down. The general notion of being open versus closed for the quarter, provide the company net benefit of about a $0.5 billion. So collectively, we are very happy that we're open for the company, for the communities, particularly Las Vegas and our employees, and for our stakeholders has been very beneficial. We always go through and we'll do it for sure now, recognizing we've got about 29,000 employees back, we will go through an exercise for doing it now, as we speak about what do we keep open? And what do we close? There are certain amenities or certain towers or certain brands, potentially, that will face closure for mid November timeframe give or take through the holiday season. We'll see how it goes. And as we look at the top of the funnel, and we think about what's happened within the last week, and we think about what's happening collectively, sequentially, we continue to improve. It bodes well with the understanding that over the next couple of weeks, and obviously recognizing we're in an unprecedented election season. So don't know exactly what that's going to bring for the next couple of weeks in terms of bookings. We're keeping a really close eye on it as we go forward.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, Joe, what I would add, I mean, even pre-COVID, during slow periods, we would adjust our staffing, close down towers, close down rooms, we've actually now become an expert at it as a result of COVID and having to manage mid weeks versus weekends. So we're pretty confident that we could be very nimble on adjusting based on volumes and forth and what's happening in the market. And as Bill mentioned, I think there's opportunities to reduce towers and reduce hotel rooms in these smaller periods.
Joe Greff: Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question will be from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas Allen: Thanks. So you put up really strong margin gains in your regional properties and I'm guessing it's a mix of kind of operating efficiencies than not marketing as much. Can you just talk about - the color around the future operating cost controls is obviously very helpful? But can you just talk about marketing reinvestment spend a bit just like how much you think you can reset it lower long-term? Thank you.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, Thomas, this is Corey. Yeah, look, I think in general in the regionals in particular, there's not a lot of competition for the consumer dollar right now. But we have really learned in and streamlined our marketing component. And so I think, as we look going forward, the cost structure and adjusting our cost structure, there's some permanent components to that, including marketing dollars. I guess the bigger concern is the top line going to be sustainable. And as of now, and what we're seeing, it continues to be, but I think these properties are well positioned to have margin growth over the prior years.
Thomas Allen: Helpful, thank you and then you touched on the prepared remarks about hopefully Nevada will allow conventions to reach 50% capacity on January 1. Do you have a sense that demand will be there if that's allowed?
Corey Sanders: Tom Look, I mean, obviously, we've seen in the very large scale things because of pre planning, we've seen substantive cancellations. It's not going to surprise anybody into the first quarter. What's relevant and important is that we hold on to the back half of the year. And so the fact that we can demonstrate growth, the fact that we can demonstrate that we can execute and do this safely, will be very comforting. The back half of our year is holding extremely well. We've ups and downs, but we are where we should be, where we want to be what, where we have always been, which is relevant. So I think fundamentally, people aren't leaving the market. They want to come. Obviously, it's predicated on what the Governor ultimately allows us to do, what the conditions allow us to do, but we feel good about that. I think the second quarter will be the swing as people stay ahead or come or go, will depend on where we are in the health arena, if you will and the cure and they're thinking about it. But overall, the year is looking - I think the years looking as we thought it would a quarter ago, I don't think a whole lot has changed from what we anticipated to happen. So as we think about '21 and '22, it's holding together particularly obviously, as you focus on '22.
Thomas Allen: Helpful color. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, guys, thank you for taking my question. Bill, you just addressed a lot of it and Corey as well. But as it pertains to kind of out of our group and convention business during the last few months, have you guys or what has the experience been with respect to groups looking to book maybe in '22, '23 and beyond. And when we start to think about kind of the days of vaccine and corporates and business travelers getting back on the road, how quickly re you guys able to kind of ramp up pricing on kind of the group and convention side with a layoff kind as long as we've been through right now.
Bill Hornbuckle: So I would tell you September, which was the last time and we're going to read on October, in a couple days here was an exceptional booking month for the future. It's the best booking months, we've had in seven. And so I think the tell is that people are still booking into the future, they're excited to do so. Sequentially over the last couple of months were up a couple hundred percent in terms of confirmed contracts. And so I think that's all affirmative. I think the essence of it is in '20 - anytime '21 second half and beyond when people are confident that they can meet, they will come and fundamentally not much has changed. I think we have to get to this current environment. And then ultimately, in the interim, we have to prove what we do have, we can do safely, which to date we've managed to do so. And so beyond '22, we feel strong - '21 will be the year of let's see how this plays itself out.
Corey Sanders: What I would add Carlo, what we're seeing, especially in some of these bigger groups of booking multi-years, they're trying to take space; they're going out to '25 and '26. Rates are going to be –they're better than what's in the rooms right now. I won't say they've completely reset, but depending on demand, and the periods are booking, it's, I would say similar to what it used to be in the past and these multi-year contracts will have rent escalators.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, thank you guys. That's good to hear. And then just one follow up in terms of some of the cost strategies you guys have put in place. To the extent you could quantify, what was the exit rate of cost extracted from the business coming out of September relative to kind of where you went into the 3Q just in terms of expenses, you've removed from the system during this period. And that's maybe Las Vegas, regionals or on a combined basis, if you could speak to that.
Corey Sanders: So what I can tell you Carlo is we were about $20 million a day pre-COVID. When we closed down, we went to $3 million a day. We're about $10 million a day right now. And knowing what is still left to come back, including entertainment and convention, understanding our business better, really understanding what amenities we will need going forward, ones we won't need, reducing loss leaders, we have a pretty good idea. The number that we put in our presentation of the $85 million is pretty well defined and won't come back into the system.
Bill Hornbuckle: And maybe another way to quantify this, occupancies are down collectively about 50%. And our payroll is down equally 48. And so if you think about it, you think about overhead and stuff we have to have foundationally going forward. I think we've done a really good job controlling those controllable costs to the point of we've built back half our business with less than half our particularly our most expensive cost our payroll cost.
Corey Sanders: And the marketing dollars are part of those numbers we've identified.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, thank you guys. That's great color, I appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is from John Decree with Union Gaming. Please go ahead.
John Decree: Hi, everyone. Thank you for taking the questions. I had I guess a bigger picture question maybe thinking a little further ahead. So you've got quite a stockpile of cash and it's a really nice liquidity reserve to have right now. I think hopefully, sooner than later we'll be through the pandemic. I wanted to kind of get your thoughts on the other side of this, where you feel comfortable with net leverage and how you would think about deploying some of that cash if hopefully, you don't need to tap into it?
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, John, for going forward. Appreciate it. So look, obviously we're in a great position. God forbid we have to use more of it than we have historically that we're going to stay and go in the right direction, which we're fairly confident across the system, we're going to be able to do that. But if we don't, obviously, we've got the liquidity in each of our markets, including the Macau to sustain and so we're excited by that. Getting ourselves back to norm, understanding by this time next year, what looks '22, '23, we'll begin to think about growth in real terms. We'll begin to think about ultimately, what we need to do here in Las Vegas to continue to own the marketplace to the extent that we do in some of our assets here. We'll continue to invest into sports betting. We are sincere about that opportunity. We demonstrated clearly that we are a key player in all of the markets that we're in. It's kind of interesting to me that we are third or better in all of those markets, but in fourth place in all of those markets, there is individually someone different. So there's like no fourth place clear winner. So continuing to invest to that business is critical to us because we think over the long haul, there's an amazing convergence of customers and activity that's going to be beneficial. Obviously, we have our eyes in Japan. That's the key prize, we think it's meaningful. It will take, don't know exactly, but between 1.5 billion and 2 billion of real liquidity over two or three years of a build cycle in the middle of this '23, four or five time like that. We've got to get there. That opportunity's been delayed, but we believe in earnest, we're in a great position. We want to continue to pursue that. And look, we'll be opportunistic. We're not overly focused on M&A, particularly here in Las Vegas. We think we own enough of Las Vegas to be open about it. But there will be other opportunities that the market presents to us that we'll have to take a sincere look at. But for now, we just love the safety and security of the liquidity.
John Decree: Thanks, Bill. That was helpful.
Bill Hornbuckle: And obviously, at some point, shareholder return will come back into play. Obviously, we stopped paying a dividend and other things, and we'll play that out as time comes. But for now, we like the position we're in.
John Decree: It'd be a good problem to have with 5 billion almost of cash on the balance sheet. I think you touched on my second question about M&A in Las Vegas. So I'll shift gears a little bit and if you could provide any kind of color about the occupancy mix that you're seeing? If there's any differences with the customer in midweek and hotel and really getting at kind of relative to historical levels, database utilization, OTA utilization? I mean, are you - I mean, if you could share any color on hitting different levels and if it's kind of trending differently over the last couple of months?
Bill Hornbuckle: I think it's a little bit more of same, the operative word is more. It's leaning heavy in the casino. Obviously, our convention business has gone to nil. There's more transient - interesting drive traffic is up in September, 8%. So about last year, by the way, when I say it's up 8%, about last year. So drive market at Southern Cal remained strong. Obviously, transit casino marketing as a percentage of our mix is in the 30s and traditionally it's much lower than that. And so the RevPARs coming out of that segment are very good. And so they outperform. So that's to our benefit. And without other major events to drive things I think that market mix here through the first quarter is going to probably sustain. And then hopefully, we grow back into a more normalized basis with conventions and whatnot.
John Decree: Thanks, Bill. Appreciate all the color.
Operator: And the next question is from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, thanks for taking my question. You guys talked a little bit before about the seasonal adjustments you might be making in Vegas. But in addition to that, I'm just wondering if you could talk a bit about what you're doing to better preserve price integrity at the properties and perhaps improve some of the customer mix you're seeing. I think you've instituted certain regulations around parking and anything else you're doing to improve the customer experience at the properties and maybe it's as simple as just lowering the occupancy, but just wondering what else you're doing.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, Felicia, it's Corey. I'll take that. From the beginning as we reopened, we were very focused on not only the safety, but the customer experience. So we have as we've talked about in the past, constrained our occupancy on the weekends. Bill mentioned there's 60% occupancy level there. On the weekends, we're very disciplined on our pricing, yielding it probably some more to old times and having price integrity. On the weekdays I think it's very similar to any slow periods that the county has always experience. MGM does have minimums of the least amount we will charge for our rooms. And it's a matter of everyone's going after the same customer on midway, get at the 30% occupancy.
Bill Hornbuckle: And then Felicia, we've put in Universal protocols around parking, admittance into various things in the building, recognizing some of the challenges we've had over the last couple of months, and I think we're in a much better spot. I don't want to knock on wood here. But the last several weeks, I think things have changed. The dynamic feels different, which is important to all of us. And so I think the community, we've done more than our fair share, but we think the community's risen to help make this a better, safer environment.
Felicia Hendrix: That's great to hear. Thanks. And Hubert, if we could move on to you, we got some details about Macau earlier in the prepared remarks. Just wondering if you have any sense if the visa procurement and approval process is getting any easier? And what's your view on the VIP market and liquidity? Thanks.
Hubert Wang: Certainly, so in terms of visa application process, it's still a manual process that people have to go to the Police Bureau to apply for it after they get the online appointment. But we have seen the application time shortened a little bit and it's not across the country, in some regions only. So in general, I think that there's no dramatic changes, still a manual process, but we see a little bit region by region enhancement - improvements in terms of timing. In terms of liquidity in the market, we really haven't seen a lot of changes or material impact to our business at this time. So we'll keep on monitoring.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Hubert, maybe one more question for you just in Macau. I think into the prepared remarks, it was mentioned that you had seen some improvement from the second week of October on. I was just curious - if we kind of compare things to the declines or the year-over-year declines we saw during Golden Week, did you exit the month of October better than that, or just kind of could you give us a sense of maybe how the month progressed and what kind of improvement you're seeing kind of right at this moment.
Hubert Wang: Certainly, I think the Golden Week was pretty relic, pretty strong coming out of the month end in September, the first week of nationwide IVS reactivation. So the second week of post-Golden Week, during that week, naturally the volume dropped down. But I'm happy to say that in the past couple of weeks, we have seen some re-growth across all segments. And that has generated enough GGR to allow us to be slightly above breakeven.
Shaun Kelley: Great, thank you. And then as my follow up and maybe to switch gears to the kind of higher-level strategic question, there was obviously, a very large investment in several board members appointed by IAC during the third quarter. I was just wondering if you could talk about any contributions that they've made so far as it relates maybe the core operating strategy of the company and specifically if they had any role in the kind of new appointment on the COO side for BetMGM?
Bill Hornbuckle: Sure. So Shawn, look, they've been nothing but participative and active. Mr. Diller and Joey Levin, both board members came out and spend three days with us undertaking and understanding as much as they could the totality of the business. Obviously, we're leaning heavy at this point with spend in the BetMGM. So there's a keen focus on that and they've been very active helping us understand that and with that they've been helpful with us. We're trying to understand how to raise the bar in our loyalty program and the digitization of it and what to do and to drive share of wallet. They have a lot of exposure and experience there. And so overall message is, very excited they've joined, very active and very excited by that it's been nothing but collaborative and supportive. As far as Ryan Spoon now we had sourced him. ESPN and BetMGM have had ongoing conversations better part of nine months when a everyone was frenzy to find a media partner, we had met Ryan, liked him a lot. He thinks clearly about the business. He's extremely strategic. He's a product guy by nature. And so the actual offering and the app, we think he'll bring a lot to all of that. And it'll help us think about how not to do a media deal that's simply not an advertising buy, and how to get a true partnership with somebody that's going to be lasting and something different than some of the things that have happened to date. So we're really excited to he joined us. We did have Joey Levin of note, talk to him, because we wanted to get his perspective, it gives you kind of an indication of kind of the engagement these guys are actively doing with us. And we're excited by it. So I appreciate the question.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much for the color.
Operator: And the next question will come from David Katz with Jeffries. Please go ahead.
David Katz: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. And thanks for taking my question. I'm looking through a couple of the pages of the deck, as I'm listening to you talking about specifically about the digital business iGaming and sports betting. And I'm just trying to hone in on what the two or three critical reasons for success ultimately should prove to be whether that's the market access, obviously, is what it is. But if you could talk more about your technological advantage, you make reference to a single app and is that sort of a unified app that will be across all states, rather than different apps in different states as some have. And if you could color in just a little bit more on the relationships with the sports leagues and exactly how that works. That would be helpful. That's my one and one follow up, I apologize, yeah.
Bill Hornbuckle: I'll do my best, yeah. Okay, so look in the collective, obviously we have a JV with GVC. And the great news about that has been, they own the technology outright and therefore BetMGM is their contribution owns its own technology. And so that's a decisive advantage in the context of focus, what we can do with it, how it presents itself. And yes, we aim to have one app. We have one now everywhere, but here in Nevada, because of regulatory environment. And we look and hope to change that. And there's motions afoot to do that. And ultimately, and most importantly, hope to have one wallet, because that's really where you load up, whether it's here or any other of our casinos, you load up into your account the extent you can transfer that money back home and continue to play. And therefore we can have 365 engagement is essential to the relationship in the longer run. So the technology platform is essential. Having one look and one universe for the customer, that's both brick and mortar, in terms of M life experiences, betting experience, and ultimately, digital experiences, both in IGaming and in sports betting is critical. We do something fairly unique in our little play studio social gaming, we have a back and loyalty engine that ties customers to loyalty here and get some benefits to the extent that they spend time on that device. We want to do the exact same thing for this. And so it's been interesting in the last couple of months, last month of note 28% of the customers who signed up with BetMGM came from M life. And then the inverse happened 25% of the new customers for M life were BetMGM customers. And so you can instantly see and we're just getting going, where there's a convergence of it. We also identified in New Jersey 167,000 customers in the New Jersey Metro, meaning our market demo that haven't been touched yet by us that are now BetMGM customers. So we can go out and hold 167,000 new people, and we can go out ultimately offer up our Borgata offering. And so we think it's meaningful, we think it's going to be the differentiator over time, because we can tie digital into brick and mortar like nobody else. And so we think it's a big differentiator over time. The second part of the question, the sports leagues have been helpful. Candidly, we got a little over our skis in terms of time, meaning we jumped in with both feet. We are trying to develop everything from play games where to get people acclimated and get them going in a league like Major League Baseball, to where we have had active engagement in different contests and things and sponsorships with PGA of note. You probably saw just with the CJ Cup what happened last week at Shadow Creek or two weeks ago now. And so we continue to nurture those. We think the exposure for the BetMGM platform is unique and you've probably haven't turned on a TV recently Monday Night Football, World Series, it's expensive. And so we're leveraging on those deals to be able to get exposure to that brand in that way.
David Katz: I appreciate that if I can seriously sneak in just one follow up, which is, in this environment, we're seeing a fair amount of spinning and separating, et cetera. Are you comfortable that the digital business can operate with its own mind and its own cap structure, in its own resource set within the auspices of MGM, which is obviously a large and vast enterprise?
Bill Hornbuckle: We've done everything we can not to screw it up, not to touch it. No, I'm sure. I know the nature of the question. I get it. And we've hired a guy named Adam Greenblatt, runs the enterprise. And he comes out of GVC and runs it well, people like Ryan, who have now joined the enterprise. We have a brilliant CMO and CFO. And so we like what they're doing. We have literally gotten out of their way, obviously, regulatory and government affairs is stuff that we can provide access to M life and properties and retail businesses, stuff that we know and we provide, but we are trying not to manage that business. We want to let them manage it and to grow it. And so yeah, we're going to provide capital because it's capital intense, but we are trying to get out of its way.
David Katz: I appreciate that. Congrats on the quarter, and thanks very much.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, good afternoon. Good evening. Bill given you operate a sizeable retail sports book, how does that inform you of the potential marginal structure for BetMGM longer term? And with multiple peers willing to invest seemingly at a loss, what are the guardrails that you're thinking about deciding to defend or even grow your market position?
Bill Hornbuckle: Steve, the first question again, I didn't quite - I didn't hear clearly.
Stephen Grambling: How are you thinking about BetMGM margins and how does the retail margins on sports bet - the sports book inform that?
Bill Hornbuckle: Okay. It's kind of interesting, I just looked at September numbers here from Nevada, 55% of the business is online, already. And so it is changing the nature of even how we do retail sports betting. They're no longer the race and sports books you probably traditionally have known. They're more - every place we can go, we've done this in our regional properties, we're starting to do it in Vegas. They're more lounge. And so it will help overhead. If people are digital, it'll keep people on the lines, it'll get them betting more. And ultimately, once in player comes in play, we think it'll really engage that explosion experience. But they are unique. They're great places to come enjoy your game. They're at scale. There's other benefits, obviously, people can enjoy in and around them. And so we're uniquely positioned in that regard and so we're pretty excited by it. To the extent we talked about overall investment. I think the one differentiator between us particularly in DraftKings is we're not doing a national ad campaign. You will see a lot - you've seen the thing we do with Jamie King, Fox King. Jamie King is someone, yeah, a personal friend of mine. But the thing we've done there is resonating, but it's only in market, so it's in those nine or actually pushed into a couple of new markets and we're about to launch the 11 markets. And so while none of this is inexpensive, and obviously it's not cash flow positive for now. There are criteria's and there is a collar around what we're prepared to invest to gain new access and new customers. And we think in the long run it'll pay off.
Stephen Grambling: That's helpful color. And as a follow up, you mentioned that BetMGM and M life have seen some convergence, how do you think about the impact of iGaming on your brick and mortar business longer term?
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, at top line, I don't worry about it if that's the essence of the question. It's been the age-old question, will tribal casinos, casinos, regional, et cetera, et cetera. And I think the industry is manifested away always to benefit from it. So we're not concerned with that. I think we've - unfair to say, but what limited exposure we had to growing iGaming share in New Jersey pre-COVID, we didn't see that it was taking from it. And now in fairness, it's only been two or three months and then we went into COVID. So I can't tell you. Obviously, we will watch, but we are all in on iGaming and we don't view it from the lens as others may have been it hurts my brick and mortar business. We think if done productively and promoted correctly, it can help your brick and mortar business.
Stephen Grambling: Yeah, that was more the impetus of the question was how are there ways to actually make it help the underlying brick and mortar business and does that mean that you would be more likely to support legislation in new markets going forward?
Bill Hornbuckle: Absolutely supportive, we are not going to let our brick and mortar business get in the way of this business. We want to be smart about it. We've spent a great deal of time and energy and money and give good example Massachusetts. And so we have an affording there. We think by the jobs we've provided the capital resource, we put it into a state like Massachusetts, we want a preemptive leg up, they have a huge stick over us from a licensing. They have something to hold over us if we screw it up. And so that aside, we're very active and we're very encouraged by what hopefully all this brings.
Corey Sanders: And Stephen, this is Corey. I do think it is a customer acquisition tool as we've seen in New Jersey. There are unique players online that did not visit a facility. And it's also an extension to their overall gaming experience, whether they want to do it analogue or digital.
Stephen Grambling: That's all great color. Thanks so much. Best of luck.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. Last quarter, you had given us some insight into the fact that all of your properties in Vegas were cash flow positive, except I think at that point, Mandalay. Now that you've got all your properties open, can you kind of give us a sense of how things stand with - are they all positive cash flow at this point including or not including Mandalay?
Corey Sanders: Yeah, Robin, in, in general, they are flowing positive other than Park, which just opened at the end of the month. But I think in general, when you look at the third quarter in particular, the operating properties, the properties that were open, if you take the EBITDAR number, add back, the onetime charges and the hold, and in back out, even what was burning, the number probably would have been around 70 million, somewhere around there for the whole quarter on operating properties only. Obviously, as we open more properties, it's going to potentially take some EBITDAR from the existing properties. But in general, we like what we saw in the third quarter, we were able to get - when you back out those one time benefits, we were even able to get Mandalay Bay positive.
Robin Farley: Okay and actually that's what I was going to clarify, because it sounded like before that you thought you might not be positive there until convention business came back, but you're saying you actually already are positive?
Corey Sanders: Yeah, they've been very attractive property in the summer because of the pool. And so we saw some pretty positive, at least occupancy in RevPAR numbers there.
Robin Farley: And then a separate topic, just on the timing of the 700 million in MGP units that can be put for redemption, is there - can you give us any sense of your timing of when you might do that or kind of what would be the trigger for that.
Bill Hornbuckle: Look we have until February of '22 to execute on it. And so obviously, we're going to let. Not going to let that go by the wayside. You just saw what we did in the bond market, we thought it was opportunistic. So it's not about liquidity. It'll be about timing and what else to be done with the money. And what else is going on with MGP at the time and what is trying to structure into. But there is no definitive time collectively right now other than recognizing. Again we have until February of '22 and between now and then we'll clearly do something.
Corey Sanders: We feel we're in a really good position there. And when we do it, we need to make sure it benefits both parties.
Robin Farley: Great, thank you. I wonder if I could ask one more that I guess I'm surprised doesn't come up in the Q&A. I know in your comments, you kind of indicated that you weren't that interested in owning more Vegas assets. But if there are some significant assets in Vegas that are going to change hands, that are going to come up for sale. How do you think about the impact on MGM, if somebody else ends up owning those assets and like the type of buyer that that might be and what would be sort of good for MGM or less good for them?
Bill Hornbuckle: Look, I'm not going to obviously comment directly on M&A. I assume you're referring to the Sands. Look, they're good operatives. They're very good operatives. And they collectively work well within the city, particularly of late to help convention business and infrastructure traffic, et cetera. Whether that trades or not, I guess the good news is if they get anywhere near the 6 billion they're talking about it speaks good for Las Vegas fundamentally in the long run. So I think we're excited by that. They're good competitors when it comes to the convention business. So if somebody else comes in who is not as strong it bodes to our benefit. And I'll hold by my earlier comment. We have enough of Las Vegas right now. So we're going to kind of wait and see and watch.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one more question. And that question will be from Barry Jonas with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Barry Jonas: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just on Macau any updates on the concession renewal process? And how do you think the current environment could play into that?
Bill Hornbuckle: I presume, Barry, you're talking about the COVID environment, correct?
Barry Jonas: Correct.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yeah. There's great deal of pressure of late from LegCo legislative body to have the Chief Executive come out and begin the process, because it is going to be a public process. He speaks in November, I think Hubert you might know the date I do not. To date, they seem to be saying they're on track, which as you know, is by June of '22. They've got to give six months' notice, so '21 will be very active unless they delay it a year. Given what's happened with COVID I guess they could, but as of today, they seem to be on track. I don't know Hubert if you have any more color there.
Hubert Wang: Bill, you cover pretty well. I think that so far, we haven't got further information from the government other than what you have already talked about.
Barry Jonas: Great and then just real quick, I noticed Caesars added back some parking fees in Vegas, curious how you're thinking about parking and I guess resort fees here?
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, resort fees are part of the overall experience and critical to our revenue stream. So we think we like them, full stop. Parking is tenuous. We're not in any big hurry to jump back into it with both feet. We think it's determined right now given pricing. And so we're going to continue to moderate it. There is going back to the other comment about safety and security and garages that's part and part of a discussion and do you charge to help protect that? And there's things we're thinking about ways to potentially do something that's meaningful without hurting our business, our retail business, whether it's rooms, shows, to the extent they exist in food and beverage. So we're, we're watching what they have done very closely and frankly haven't formed no final decisions.
Barry Jonas: Great, thank you so much.
Jim Freeman: I think that was it operator, if I'm not mistaken.
Operator: Yes, I'd like to turn it back to Mr. Hornbuckle. Thank you.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you. And thank you all. Have a great day. Please be safe. And we look forward to talking to you all next quarter. I know Jim, Corey and myself are available in the intermediate if you need us. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer; Hubert Wang, President of Hospitality and CFO of MGM China Holdings Limited; and Jim Freeman, SVP of Capital Markets & Strategy. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. In fairness to all participants, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Please also note this conference is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn the conference over to Jim Freeman. Sir?
Jim Freeman: Thank you. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at investors.mgmresorts.com, and we’ve also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today’s press release in our filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliations to GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation, which are available on our website. Finally, the presentation is being recorded. I’ll now turn it over to Bill Hornbuckle.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jim. Thank you all for joining us today. I hope you and your families are safe and well. On the heels of our announcement yesterday, I am pleased and honored to be addressing you as the CEO and president of MGM Resorts. I'd particularly like to thank Paul Salem, our Chairman and the entire board of directors for placing their confidence in me and in our entire management team. This is a vote for them – for not only them, but also myself. They have stepped up during an incredibly challenging time. Our ability to reopen, remain operational and provide world class experiences is a tribute to our dedicated workforce, and engage in supportive Board of Directors, civic leaders across the nation, and a sincere commitment to health and safety by all of us in MGM Resorts and the broader gaming industry. While we are proud of the role, we play in helping to restore economic stability to the people and communities that depend on us, we know the public health crisis is far from over. Therefore, we continue to evolve our Seven-Point Safety Plan and our overall response to varying infection rates, including mandating masks at all of our domestic properties, and continuing to manage hotel occupancies and facility capacity. We're committed to learning from each new opening and from each new operational challenge we face. We are focused on implementing both our MGM 2020 plan as we – as our revised operating model and remain diligent in effecting and managing costs. We are proactively engaged with local governments, regulators and public health experts acting as an informed and sought-after voice in conversations about public health and safety trends, restrictions and protocols as they continue to change and evolve. And we remain focused on ensuring we maintain a strong balance sheet and an operating strategy designed to maximize cash flow despite these very difficult times. Necessarily, our focus is on operating with diligence and restoring stability in the short-term. But for many of the reasons I just noted, and more detail we'll get into in a moment, I accepted the role of CEO believing our long-term outlook remains positive and that our future is strong. Our strategy remains unchanged with a discipline focused on operations and execution of targeted growth operations. With that, let's talk about the quarter and the state of the business. In the second quarter we opened nine domestic properties and we have subsequently reopened five more. Today we have a total of 14 properties from our 18 if you count radar at the start of the pandemic. Domestic properties that opened in the second quarter generated positive EBITDAR faster than expected and we saw significant growth in our domestic margins driven by optimizing our business to serve higher quality customers given the pent up demand, primarily in our casino market side, leveraging our MGM 2020 plan and operating model work to manage costs and discipline. And we remain selective and keeping lower margin amenities closed. In Las Vegas revenues of reopened properties declined 50% year-over-year, adjusted property EBITDAR declined 44 and our margins increased roughly 450 basis points over the same period. Despite the lack of conventions, shows, concerts and sporting events, we leveraged M life database to drive better than expected demand in quality casino customers. We also had a higher than normal table games hold, which positively impacted our Strip adjusted property EBITDAR by approximately 8 million in the quarter. Transit and wholesale leisure business also performed better than expected as we entered the summer pool season and as expected driving traffic levels are recovering faster than flying. Looking at the regional operations, second quarter revenues at reopened properties declined to 31% year-over-year, and during that period, they were open. Adjusted property EBITDAR was down 14, but margins increased approximately 880 basis points during that same period. Original operations include larger integrated resort properties like those in Las Vegas, which rely on air travel and lodgers like Beau Rivage and Borgata and to drive markets which are naturally performing better. During the period they were open our drive to regional markets grew EBITDAR by 18% with margin improvement by over 1,400 basis points. We have been encouraged by the dedication of our teams to create high quality experiences for our guests that they can enjoy and believe in messaging – that our messaging is resonating well in all of our marketplaces. We are diligently focused on managing costs while continuing to do everything necessary to ensure the health and well-being of our guests and our employees. Through enclosures, we reduced 85% of our operating expenses. And as we reopen, we are managing variable labor to closely match demand. We also identified certain expenses and amenities that we believe we can eliminate as they are not essential to guest satisfaction or demand. And as such, we believe we can reduce our overall domestic operating and corporate costs by approximately $450 million, compared with the 2019 levels. These savings are a combination of one, MGMs 2020 initiatives that were put in place at the end of 2019. And as you heard and remember yielded tangible results in January and February, before the nationwide shutdown, as well new initiatives that were adopted in a post-COVID world as part of our revised operating model. Therefore, we believe when demand returns, we'll be in a much stronger company. In the near term, somebody has cost savings will be partially offset by approximately 100 million of annual health and safety expenses for a period of time. Further, as we mentioned, last quarter, we remain disciplined on capital spend, and have deferred or permanently reduced our domestic CapEx by 50% this year to approximately $200 million. Liquidity is of utmost importance, especially in current times, and we continue to take steps to further bolster our already strong liquidity position. During the second quarter MGM Resorts, MGM, China and MGP collectively raised 2.45 billion in the debt capital markets. As of June 30, MGM had over 8 billion of consolidated liquidity, and 4.8 billion at our domestic operations, excluding MGM China and MGP. Our current stake in MGP is 57%. And in addition to our strong liquidity, we also have the right to have MGP redeem additional 700 million of OP units under our current agreement for cash. And finally, we anticipated about 270 million of monthly cash overflows while our properties were closed, we did a little better than that and in April in May, with their properties beginning to reopen in June, we significantly reduced the cash burn rate, although it remains negative. Turning to our longer-term domestic outlook, all of our Las Vegas properties are open with the exception of Mirage and Park MGM, Nomad and six of the eight regional properties have opened. We just announced that MGM Grand Detroit will open to the public on August 7, with VIP guests coming in a couple of days before and Empire City as you presumably know will be the last to open out of our regional’s. Currently in Las Vegas COVID related headlines continue to have a meaningful impact on booking trends and cancellations. And candidly, our visibility is limited to booking windows that are currently less than a week. We're seeing slower occupancies on the weekdays, and we're offsetting this on the weekends with demand where the demand is far more robust. All of our reopened Las Vegas properties are burning less cash and with the exception of Mandalay Bay our currently EBITDAR are positive. However, we continue to believe that material recovery will be dependent on the return of conventions, entertainment and significant air travel. We continue to see results in July at all of our regional properties – we see strong results in July and all of our regional properties and our drive to properties continue to show EBITDAR growth and margin improvement and our integrated resort properties are simply just now ramping up. We're encouraged by the relative stability and demand that we have seen thus far. The current situation however, is fluid; further openings of our Las Vegas resorts as well as amenities across our domestic properties will continue to be based on expectations for demand and maximizing cash flow while balancing the needs of our guests, our employees, local regulator, and other significant stakeholders. Despite the current challenges, there are two important assurances. First, we absolutely believe the fundamentals of our business industry have not changed and will ultimately recover. And second, our cost saving efforts are yielding, tangible and seeable, results. Taken together, this means we're poised to emerge from a crisis a stronger, more efficient and sustained, sustainable company. Moving on to BetMGM, we're focused on targeting growth opportunities. We're excited to announce that just a few weeks ago, that MGM and GVC have committed to an additional 2 50 million of capital in support of our sports betting vertical BetMGM. This springs our total commitment of capital to 450 million and demonstrates our continued commitment to positioning BetMGM as a leader in sports betting, and iGaming. BetMGM is a business that was created from scratch and is now showing strong momentum. Evidence of this can be seen what we've been able to achieve in New Jersey, where BetMGM has gained market share and significant growth in the iGaming revenues. Driven by this success, BetMGM is now on track to generate over 130 million of net revenues this year. We have secured access in 19 states, are live in seven states and expected to be live in 11 by year end. We also feel that our omni-channel experience is unmatched, and a significant competitive advantage in this space. BetMGM offers a consistent experience through its web, mobile and desktop platforms, as well at all of our US land-based resorts, a clear differentiating factor nobody else can claim. The new BetMGM app officially started to roll out last fall in New Jersey and launched in Las Vegas and Michigan right before the shutdown in March. Equally as important as that we believe BetMGM will allow us to more frequently engage with our guests and drive deeper loyalty to the MGM brand. To that end, BetMGM achieved a major milestone last week. We integrated our M life customer loyalty program with the BetMGM platform. Players will now be able to view their M life Tier status and Tier credits over time and ultimately redeem credits for MGM experience beyond sports betting and iGaming. In addition through our 34 million M life database, we also believe we have the right partners to drive efficient customer acquisition players, professional sports leagues and T partnerships, as well as exclusive deals with Buffalo Wild Wings and Yahoo Sports. In fact, we just launched to Yahoo’s 64 million monthly active users last week. We made a lot of progress, but there's a lot more to be done. And since launching we've begun – we have become convinced that the market opportunity is larger and will develop more rapidly in the US. We believe that we have the assets to be a long-term winner in this space and we are focused on execution to unlock true value. We continue to believe strongly that this is the largest growth opportunity in US gaming. Having covered the US Let's spend a few moments on Macau. While MGM China properties were opened in the second quarter, the Macao market continue to experience significant year-over-year declines driven by border and travel restrictions, driving second quarter market wide GGR down 96% and visitation nearly down a 100. A couple of weeks ago the 14-day mandatory quarantine between Guangdong and Macau was lifted to certain major cities within Guangdong and yesterday, it was extended to the entire province. Today, we heard that Mainland China was resuming the issuance of visas with the exception of tourist visas starting on August 12. These are initial steps in encouraging direction. However, Hong Kong borders remains shut and the IBS and tour visa programs have not yet restarted which we believe is necessary for a meaningful recovery. MGM China's monthly cash outflow are currently about 65 million a month, and 1.5 billion – with 1.5 billion of liquidity they have over 22 months of buffer in the near revenue scenario. We continue to believe that this market can recover quickly once the current restrictions are lifted. And we have an experienced leadership team who is ready when that time comes. Speaking of leadership, we recently announced the departure of Grant Bowie, as CEO of MGM China. Grant was with the company for over 12 years and the industry for longer and he had deep experience and knowledge in the marketplace. While he is no longer involved in the day to day, he's on retainer to help us with key strategic opportunities over the next couple of years. We've had a seamless transition with Joint Presidents both Hubert Wang and Kenneth Feng, taking on new leadership roles last year as COO and CFO respectively in preparation for this development. The MGM China team is in great hands, Pansy as Co-chair and I as Chair will continue to be deeply involved providing additional continuity and strategic leadership. In closing, our long-term outlook remains fundamentally unchanged. And I draw confidence from five key advantages. One, strong MGM 2020 plan implemented even before COVID and our revised operating model work has created 450 million in permanent cost savings to our business. Meaning, when we recover from this crisis, we will be a stronger company. Two, our proven ability to learn quickly and adapt swiftly. Our skill is sophisticated and experienced operators has been affirmed by this crisis. Three, the high quality of our assets in our market leadership across the US where we have a significant presence. Four and maybe most notably our people, who despite extraordinary stress and hardship, have shown up to deliver safe, welcoming and entertaining experience for our guests and finally, an amazingly strong balance sheet that will help us weather the storm. Furthermore, while we are currently focused on day to day operations, we continue to make progress in our key growth opportunities, developing BetMGM as a leader in US sports betting and iGaming, expanding our footprint in Macau and our relicensure and developing a world class integrated resort in Osaka with our partner Orix, which we remain excited about and committed to. For these reasons and many more, I was proud to lead MGM resorts through this period of uncertainty towards a more promising future. With that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Joe Greff with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, everybody. Bill, Congratulations.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, Joe.
Joe Greff: And unsurprising.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you.
Joe Greff: Hopeful and surprising, maybe. Is that my first question, my follow up questions relate to Las Vegas. I'm estimating that the reopened Las Vegas Strip properties in June generated about 50 million of EBITDAR, with margins of about 33%. Are these five properties ramping run rate EBITDAR higher or lower in July and have the three newly reopened properties, have they had any kind of cannibalized impact and are they generating positive EBITDAR? I heard your comment about Mandalay Bay and then I have a follow up.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yeah, let me start it off and then obviously Corey can pick up with some limited detail. Look Joe, obviously there was a great deal of pent up demand leading into June. And so we saw it. And then I think you all saw and heard, clearly the national news that impacted the Southwest and Las Vegas. And so we were off to a strong start. Our casino segment responded well, about a third of our market mix was casino. There was pent up demand there. And so we got off to a really good start clearly here in Las Vegas and regionally as well, at least on those properties we've had open. July stabilized for lack of a better word. We have not seen nor would we have opened because we took into consideration as we opened each property, what the cannibalization would be and so we believed as we opened each property that we'd be net benefit cash, we get more people back to work and then ultimately in the long run that would serve us well. Corey, I don’t know if you want to answer any of the specifics.
Corey Sanders: No, just going into a little bit in July, jail as a reminder, we held pretty well in June, which would help not only the EBIT and the margin. As Bill mentioned, the color is on the weekdays, reeking out some profit in some places and others were burning less cash and the weekends continued to perform the way that they performed in June. So all in all, I think Las Vegas is challenging. But the trend – and the trends in July are a little bit less than they were in June because of the hold. But I think we're seeing some pretty strong demand in our limited capacity on the weekends.
Joe Greff: Just on the pace or the rate of Strip property reopening, I'll be happy to see them open, but the pace seemed, I don’t know if we hurried is the right word, but at accelerated level that kind of surprised us. Why wasn't there a more measured staggering or spread of property openings? And maybe I'll help you answer that question. What is the difference between keeping the say core Strip property closed and opening it with limited demand in terms of daily OpEx run rate levels?
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, I guess at 40,000 feet sticking to what we said earlier, the only place is not making cash flow positive is Mandalay. So collectively we've made the right decisions. Remembering there are a series of protocols throughout all of our properties regionally, most notably Las Vegas, that tie us to between social distancing, so many people in the gaming position or the gaming table. The pool of note has been a big restrictor in terms of an amenity that people want and frankly not need, but need in the summertime environment – summertime resort. And so we were answering to demand. We're running roughly 30s midweek, 50s weekends and we believe we can overall – and we've proven it to date, continue to make a profit at that. But remembering there's a lot of protocols put on us. If you go into a restaurant it's at 50% capacity at best case, and so it is about – you can only get so much in so far with restrictions we have on us. And, frankly, we thought it was important to keep the brands alive and keep people motivated and excited to come to Las Vegas.
Corey Sanders: And Joe, what I would add is as we approach this because of the way we approached it getting all the cost out of the organization right away, we've been able to staff based on demand and to Bill's point, we are able to burn less cash even at low occupancies on the weekdays. So from an MGM perspective, we think we're increasing our EBITDAR by having these properties open, even though we may not be making a ton of profit on the weekdays.
Joe Greff: That was great. Thank you very much, guys.
Corey Sanders: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: The next question will come from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas Allen: Good afternoon. Just focusing on sports betting and iGaming bet, you highlighted your impressive share in iGaming and our numbers that you've been taking share and sports betting too. I'm curious can you just to talk about some of the initiatives that drove the higher share. I mean, you mentioned you launched M life, but that was relatively recent, but can you just have talked about more of the things you've been doing. Thank you.
Bill Hornbuckle: Look, like any large-scale organizations, we were large scale, GVC just getting the business up and operating with its first hurdle. Then getting it oriented, particularly on the sports side to US customers, US betting behaviors was an education. And then candidly understanding what it was going to take to win the market and win the day was just that more marketing, more dollars more commitment to it. And so we got aggressive and frankly, we're going to continue to be aggressive. We think there's three or four key winners in this space and we intend to be one of them. Hence the reason for the doubling down if you will, with additional investment both from GVC and ourselves. And it's hard to catch up when you're behind in a market like New Jersey. We have viable and significant competitors. But our brands do stand for something and the fact that people can come on, do a loyalty experience and ultimately translate it into a brick and mortar real experience is a key differentiator that I think long-term is going to pay dividends. And so we've simply turned it up and gotten aggressive. And particularly because of COVID iGaming, it's paid off. And we're gaining share in sports. I think we're up, I mean, to count ping pong sports, but we're up to 7%. And we have high hopes for Michigan and some of the other states we've just launched in.
Thomas Allen: Helpful color and then just on the brick and mortar side and maybe specifically around Vegas, what do you see in terms of customers coming back. I would expect you haven't had the properties open that much, but the experiences fundamentally changed for the time being, are you still seeing people come back at the same rate?
Bill Hornbuckle: When you say the same rate. I mean, look, the average customer remember Las Vegas comes like 1.2 times a year, our average M life customer comes in between three and five. So the cycles been too early to tell. We've seen some repeat. But again, remember my comment earlier, the booking cycle is literally five or six days. And so some are motivated by a promotion, particularly the casino marketing, those that are near and dear to their heart and some are motivated by news or not as the case may be. And so frankly, Tom it’s just too early to tell, I think.
Thomas Allen: Got you, thanks you.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks Tom.
Operator: Our next question will be from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Thanks. Two follow ups, first on sports and iGaming, as you look at the growth in New Jersey both before and after COVID. How would you characterize the customer demographic of iGaming and how much is incremental versus your existing brick and mortar customer and does that iGaming customer differ from sports betting customers?
Bill Hornbuckle: I'll take a first shot at that, look, there is clearly some overlap between our customer database and what the iGaming market was. I just told you we just integrated M life. So it wasn't like it was an extensive M life integration. So those were self-defined customers that were motivated by the promotion and the activity case around the market. We can and will do I think a much better job gaining them. There is overlap 20% to 30% I think of iGamers or sports bettors and vice versa, give or take. And so I think you'll see a lot of that convergence as we go forward. And the ability to equally promote and give reward against both activity cases I think, we'll grow that and grow the scale of convergence back and forth. It's only – obviously, we've only had Borgata open a couple of weeks, but I will tell you two weeks ago was our best iGaming week after Borgata opened in our history. I can tell you that as a point.
Stephen Grambling: Great and as a – changing gears as a follow up on Las Vegas, perhaps I missed this. But can you just talk a little bit more about what you're seeing on the group side? And maybe even what would normally be the group percentage at this point of the year in June and July versus as we're looking at 3Q, 4Q?
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, let me give you the macro and then Corey can get into the specifics. Look, we've launched just over two million group room nights, 83% give or take have been in 2020. And as you probably heard, CES, trickled into the first quarter. And so we're losing some activity in the first quarter. Flipside of that and why I am fundamentally solid on our business is that we've only lost two groups of substance beyond the first quarter of next year. And so what groups are saying and what they're doing is they're hanging in as long as they possibly can. Fundamentally they want to come back. They understand this experience, they want and need it. And I think we're ideally positioned given our scale with that like 3.7 million square feet of space here to spread groups out and make it meaningful opportunity for them as they think about coming back. But the short-term, it's going to be challenging. Corey, the numbers.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, in the second quarter and third quarter, this is an area where Las Vegas has done a really good job over the last three years and we were able to get our mix up in the high teens. Pre you know what, three, four years ago that used to be a low high single digit, low double digit occupancy percentage. So the summer is usually not as much on the convention side as we would expect to see in the fourth quarter.
Stephen Grambling: Got it helpful. Best of luck into the back half. Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question will be from Shaun Kelley of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon, everyone, and congratulations Bill. So I just wanted to ask you about the Vegas margin piece a little bit more. So specifically, it sounds like there was clearly some hold benefit in the quarter, so when we look at the 450 basis points of improvement that you saw, could you help us split out just for the operating piece that was open what maybe the hold impact on that was? And then probably much more importantly, can we just talk a little bit about kind of your thoughts on perhaps when things do normalize and stabilize out probably several years from here is that 450 basis points sustainable for Vegas? Or how much of that do you kind of think sticks when you think through some of the initiatives that you've made the complexing of the property presidents et cetera.
Bill Hornbuckle: So let me take the second one first, and I'll turn the first one back over to Corey. Look, we think the 450 million we talked about earlier in my prepared comments is sustainable and we think it's real. It's a combination of about half of it comes a little less than half carryover from 2020, part of it is the restructuring of the organization that we did during COVID and part of it just other margin increase programs in terms of amenities and things we've consciously made a decision to candidly never go back to and just a keen focus on the broader pieces of our business. So the 450 is sustainable. You may recall we'd spoken about margins that – we're over 30, historically. And so it meaning in terms of how we looked at 2020, initially before this all hit and so I'd like to think we can improve on that with the 450. But I think to your comment, we've got a long way to go before we get back to ‘19 levels. So Corey?
Corey Sanders: Yeah. So yeah, of the 450 we would be up about 100 basis points on hold. Just as a reminder, our biggest impact is on the hotel side and that is very high margin. business that will always impact our hold, but as we look forward in the future, as Bill mentioned, with the 450 of savings in there, that should be equal to the 4.5% of basis points. And put that to where we were in the past and ’19 and I think you'll see margins that are exceeding that we – of what we had even before 2019.
Shaun Kelley: Great, Corey and that sort of builds on the Vegas to follow up, which is really, portion of the 2020 plan was obviously in process throughout 2019. I think some significant run rates had been hit by the third and fourth quarters, if I recall correctly, though, obviously, has changed over the last six months. But so is a portion of the 160 sort of like already in the base, if you will, or is –can we look at that 450 – 450 million I'm speaking to as basically entirely incremental to where we started 2020.
Corey Sanders: It's all incremental, though, the run rate did not include this 160. A lot of these initiatives were implemented in the third or fourth quarter last year, including some of the things we talked about robot bars, cashiering, a lot of the components that we started really seeing the benefits in January and February. As Bill mentioned, the remaining amount, the corporate expense, the flattening of the properties, the operational processes, all that was done – all that work was done really while we were closed and working with our portfolio presidents and our properties and our CLEs, how fast they were able to move and how quickly we're able to identify those areas. We feel really comfortable about the number.
Bill Hornbuckle: And Shaun maybe a little more color, COVID pushed us quickly into the digital world, frankly, fast and we probably would have otherwise gotten there. So today 25% to 30% of our market mix is – our customers are checking in digitally, they never come by the front desk. Their iPhone is basically their room key. And that is before business and corporate America shows up. And so obviously there's a greater – we believe a greater likelihood they'll even use that. That is an experience. It's seamless; you don't have to wait in a line. It's effective. It's working. We're now launching literally this week, the same thing for menus and ordering food, all digitized, you have to make a phone call. And so this is helping us get really efficient and effective in many of the operating things that we've done. And so our basis will improve that 450 we think is very, very real.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: And the next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, thank you so much. I will add to the list of folks who are congratulating you Bill.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix: Sure. So looking at the 450 basis point improvement that you saw on the Strip and then AED on the regional, Corey just wondering, is that a good metric to use as we're trying to figure out what your monthly OpEx is today in both of those areas?
Corey Sanders: I think, to look at it from that there's so many variables, and obviously, the high quality of customers, the pent-up demand, the revenue side, I think is something obviously we can't control as much as the cost. We're really comfortable where our labor components are. We have brought back less than 50% of our employees based on what we're allowed to do. And I'm not sure we'll see a change in that anytime in the near future. So just as a reminder, and Bill said this in his opening remarks, we took out 85% of our costs, we're running about 20 million a day in payroll or in total cost where actually when we were closed, we're running about 3 million a day. Payroll is our biggest expense been under 50% I think you guys could probably do some work there and get to a number.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Thank you. And then just, Hubert, get you going here.
Hubert Wang: Hi, Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix: How are you? So there was an announcement today that China confronted that the visas were going to be issued to Guangdong residents for business travel and families, not tourists. So just wondering how you're viewing that announcement? And do you think it's a good leading indicator for the IVS? And also, is it fair to assume that people who have a business visa will be – could be visiting the casinos?
Hubert Wang: Yeah, so let's go back a little bit just to see what has happened since mid of July this year. So first of all in July, [indiscernible] province quarantine was lifted for these cities. And then 29, yes, the quarantine was lifted for entire Guangdong Province. And the news came out also that non-tourist visa will – are to be issued on August 12. So you can see a pattern that every two weeks there are some new develop and loosening of the border restrictions. These are magic steps, I believe towards IVS resumption in the end, and that we believe that this will happen sometime in mid-September, or could be even a little bit earlier if you go by the two-week intervals, maybe starting with Guangdong Province. So in terms of business impact, those people with business visa before COVID-19 or when they obtain the business visa, yes, they will be able to travel to Macau. And when they return, they won't be subject to quarantine. This will be helpful to our business.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, that's a very helpful overview. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question will come from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, guys, thank you and Bill congratulations.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks Carlo.
Carlo Santarelli: Just a quick housekeeping one and I'm not sure Corey if you have this information, but for your Las Vegas operations, could you quantify what the negative EBITDAR was for the period of April and May prior to the opening?
Corey Sanders: You know what Carlo we'll come back to you on it. Give Cathy and Jim a call, I think we'll be able to get to those numbers.
Carlo Santarelli: Got it, thank you. I'll do that and just holistically with respect to kind of the invited guests and things like that that you started with and then kind of opening to a broader subset. If you guys could kind of just talk about what you're seeing kind of post that really opening period that you kind of focused on your better M life customers and what you're seeing maybe more recently is as we moved into July or four weeks from specific property opening and whether or not there's a meaningful bifurcation of the trend that you're seeing in the regional assets versus your Las Vegas assets.
Corey Sanders: So let me kick it off Carlo, so the regional assets remain strong. The biggest restrictor and I use National Harbor as the example, where we're doing exceptionally well since opening is the number of gaming positions, it’s – the restrictions around what the government is placed on us in terms of gaming positions, things that you can do, et cetera, number of units that are actually open on the floor, the RevPARs, if you will, and more applicable I think here in Las Vegas are up like 25%. Back to the regionals, it remained strong and consistent, particularly in places like Tunica, Ohio, National Harbor where there's real drive in places like the Beau and Atlantic City is too early to tell. And Atlantic City has very difficult restrictions where you have to literally eat outside. And by the way, the first three days, we were open to rain, so that was a pleasurable experience. But even at the Beau, we're just now getting back into our summer air program. You know, air is critical to feed that market in that property. But the pure driving properties are doing exceptionally well here. It's been consistent. Yes, the tampering a couple weeks ago of news around increasing COVID cases, and the whole Southwest going red, if you will, every time you turned on CNN has been a challenge, but not really in that segment. And so it's more about leisure, it's more about leisure coming and goings and again, like I said it’s a short-term window even for casino customers, but we've seen a lot of high-end action. I mean, you heard the number for even for June. And we continue to see that mostly through the weekends.
Carlo Santarelli: Understood. Thank you very much, guys.
Corey Sanders: Thanks Carlo.
Operator: Our next question is from Chad Beynon with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Chad Beynon: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations, Bill.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you.
Chad Beynon: Speaking on Las Vegas, you touched on the convention market in 2020 actually holding in quite strong or 2021 on there. Yeah. So how should we think about the entertainment, the residencies or those types of events, how quickly can these be reprogrammed once we get a vaccine and airlift is sufficient? Thanks.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yeah. Well, once we get to an environment where we can fill a better part of 50% of those venues, and that's really up to the government more than anything. We have an opportunity. And so using O as the most significant example, we've been looking at how long would it take to gear it up and it's between three and four weeks. The great news is, the vast majority of those performers still reside in Southern Nevada. They've not left the community because candidly, there's not a lot of places for them to cope in this world. And so everyone’s hanging in there waiting, obviously, in Cirque’s case, they're going through a bankruptcy. But in every case, everyone we've talked to who are – that we're seeking to control that company recognizing and understand that Las Vegas is basically the foundation of that company. And so we have high hopes for Cirque. Frankly, some of our smaller shows are easier. The comedians could be back in a week or so. And then some of the larger events, of course, whether it's sporting, T-Mobile, et cetera. You can't necessarily do it on 50%. And so we're going to have to wait, I think, unless the artists themselves are prepared to do different economics and to date, they have not. I think you're going to have to wait to see a full recovery for T-Mobile to host 20,000 for pick your favorite artists.
Chad Beynon: Thank you. And then on I guess, medium term regional gaming margin expectations, a lot of your competitors are massively reducing labor and marketing starting from a fresh sheet of paper. I think you guys were right around 27%, 28% pre-COVID. Do you have an updated view on kind of where this could go if revenues are close to normal, just a different level of expense expectations?
Corey Sanders: Yeah, I think – this is Corey, obviously, we have observed the same type of trends and we would expect some of these costs not to come back and they are part of the numbers that we have given you as the cost savings. I think the bigger – the cost structure I think is pretty predictable. I think it's the revenue structure and the top line on how strong that could remain given the CARES Act is going to – the unemployment is actually going to go away. I think you had a pent-up demand where some of your players who used to come weekly had a big wallet. And so to see how that fulfills and how long that lasts, that's going to be the important thing to determine what the margins are going to be at those properties.
Chad Beynon: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from John Decree with Union Gaming.
John Decree: Hi, everyone and I’ll join in, congratulations, Bill.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, John.
John Decree: I'm glad to may be Bill get your – a little bit more update, if any on Japan, kind of near term, medium term milestones, obviously a lot has gotten brushed to the side a little bit as we all deal with the pandemic, but wondering if you could give us a little bit more information on kind of what you're looking for over the next couple of months as it relates to moving forward in a Osaka.
Bill Hornbuckle: Sure. I think as everybody knows on the phone, we have a really great partnership we formed after a lot of hard work for many years with Orix. At the end of the day, we'll have between a 40% and 45% stake in that operation. So it's relative to the overall investment and the risk reward, if you will. We see over the next couple of months – we were prepared by end of July which was the latest deadline to submit an RFP. That process has been stopped. We don't have an extension date yet, but we do believe that it will be delayed presumably to the first part of next year, but officially we don't know that yet. But that's the presumption. We are ready to submit either way. As you know, there's a great deal of things to be worked out there and we’ll only make this investment if we think it's going to be prudent, if we think it's going to pay the kind of returns that it needs to pay and to meet our expectation, so there's a long way to go. We love where we're sitting. We love the opportunity in Osaka, we love our partner in Orix, we like that we're not fully all in on this investment. And we like the up – we like the fact that there's probably going to be a delay and the reopening of some of the conversations that will hopefully make this a better investment for anybody interested in it, most notably us.
John Decree: Thanks Bill, that's helpful and if I could bring one back to Las Vegas, maybe a little bit abstract, but I'll take a shot at it and when you talk Corey to group and meeting planners and they look ahead, you've indicated that particularly outside of 1Q of next year, demand is holding up and attrition has been eliminated. What do they need to see – what are they telling you level of comfort, I mean, what are they looking for to get going again? And maybe the direct question is beyond cancellations, are you still seeing people book long route a year, two years out for larger events. Has that business kind of continue to go? Or I mean, planners kind of really looking forward to get back to, I guess what are they telling you kind of what are they thinking about as they think about planning the next couple of meetings ahead? Is there kind of any insight you could offer into kind of the customer behavior on the event planning side would be helpful.
Bill Hornbuckle: But yeah, I could tell you this definitively, over half of the groups have rebooked for future dates. So of the two main room nights I mentioned, and many of them have asked to rebook and so the ultimate desire to want to come back is in fact in play, whether it's an extension in 24, whether it's let's go earlier next year versus later this year, and so there's an appetite to do that. They have become very comfortable generally speaking with the safety protocols that Las Vegas has put in place. Our team has extensively been involved with national organizations around with meeting planners, MPI and others around what's required, what's needed, what's necessary, what are people thinking about, what the company is thinking about, to make sure the experience is safe. So obviously, a lot of it has to do with just the incidence of COVID cases, getting that back under control, opening up the airline inventory and not as much about will it be ultimately safe when I get there in the environment that we've created. I think we've managed to convince customers that once you get here it will be. It's frankly, our ability to get them here and our ability to host them at scale. Right now, we're restricted to no more than 50 people. But again, it's – I think the predominant reason I have long term fundamental belief, we're going to be fine. That group which is really the only window we have into the future, if you think about it has been very promising and very deliberate about wanting to stay engaged. Anybody who sells products, most notably, and it happens often in Las Vegas, whether it's CES or corporate America that comes here. We got to get in front of people to sell product. And so if you think about the tech companies we host, you think about the trade shows that come to Las Vegas and our company at Mandalay. It's all – not all, a vast majority of is about sales and selling something. And so you've got to do that one-on-one. And so they're anxious to return to that to grow their own revenues.
Corey Sanders: The other thing I'd add John, look, I think it's individually these groups are trying to figure out how to do this on just this week you heard CES cancelled, but on the same day CEMA who's supposed to be in here in November, is saying they want to be here. They are hoping to be here and it will all be about the COVID test numbers. So I think, not that we think it's going to be great over the next few quarters. There are opportunities where you'll see some groups meeting. We have to add our first group, although be it small at Luxor today on, but I think people are dying to get back in meeting, but they want to do it in a safe and in the right environment.
Bill Hornbuckle: And just to set the stage, I mean, look we think the first half of the year is going to be hampered. Obviously the first quarter is, then you run into summer, so it's going to take probably a full year from now before we get back into real mode. And then group business takes a time – if it hadn't pre booked it takes time to rebook. So we don't – we're optimistic, but we want to be realistic with you all.
John Decree: Bill and Corey thanks. I think I didn’t articulate my question that well, but you certainly answered it. Thank you.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Barry Jonas with SunTrust.
Barry Jonas: Hey, first off congrats, Bill. I guess I'd start with you in your new permanent role. Are there any new maybe longer term philosophical or strategic changes you'd evaluate, maybe it could be the composition of the property portfolio or anything else worth highlighting.
Bill Hornbuckle: I’ll tell you some of the operating principles and sum up how we're thinking about both short, mid and longer term. First and foremost, it's ensuring that we're extremely disciplined. We got a little less than, frankly, at times, we saw ourselves and things that maybe didn't matter as much the ultimate bottom line, which took time, energy and manpower. And so being disciplined is incredibly important. Being laser focused on our expenses. We have heard you loud and clear, although I haven't been on this speaker as much sat in this room for the last couple years and heard you loud and clear on margins. And so being laser focused on that and being transparent about where we are. I think those are some operating disciplines that hopefully we can deliver to all of you. In terms of longer term you heard us say it, sports betting is a push now, it's not even midterm. We're in a board call today for several hours about where we go on what do we do and how we’re investing, how aggressive are we going to be and where are we going to do it? And what's the governmental affairs and push, if you will, to open up additional marketplaces where we see optimism in the long-term – the short and the long-term actually. And then my other bigger push and my other bigger thing and that's why I'm so focused on Japan and ultimately, Macau, its growth and its relicensing is to put this company in a place where it's extremely well balanced, where half of our revenues give or take are coming from Asia, where 30%, 35% are coming from Las Vegas in the balance or regional where irrespective of what's happening in the world, we probably have and hopefully have the most balanced portfolio there is. We're not really in the M&A mode right now. We're still asset light. We believe in that original strategy. The world has changed. Of course we will look at that and all things that are tied to that over the long – over the next and pending year, give or take. But I think longer term Asia is a big push. Now, it's about sports betting. And really the key thing for us to do is to not only survive this year, but to learn from it and to structure an organization that's really prepared to take advantage of what it's created over so many years of hard work.
Barry Jonas: Great, that's really helpful and then maybe just diving deeper into the margin. Is it possible to give some examples of those lower value amenities that might not come back? I know non-gaming is such a big part of your business, so – and competitors have talked about stuff like buffet, but I guess that's more in the regional markets where the mix is different. So any examples I think might be helpful.
Corey Sanders: Well, look, I think buffets not only in the regions, but I think in Las Vegas, does every property have to have a buffet? Does every property have to have full room service? I think we will look to see do we have too many slot machines? Are the floors too big based on the fact that they were built a long time ago? There's a lot of opportunities in all these areas that we think now's the time to really zone in on it, now's the time to experiment and try things. So the risk of failing is more than outweighed by the benefits of what we could learn. And we look for some more opportunities that hopefully we'll be able to talk to you about in the future quarters.
Barry Jonas: Great, thank you so much.
Operator: The next question will come from Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. I know that you talked a bit about group already, but can you talk a little bit about – you said limited cancellations after Q1, does that mean Q1 group is itself mostly cancelled? And then second question is with a lot of your properties open for going on two months, when do you expect that 50-person limit might be revisited? Thanks.
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, let me work backwards. The governor has gone from a three-phase approach, where we were opened in the second phase meaning here in Nevada, not the regionals. The third phase was going to be the lift among many things, the 50 cap for gathering. He's now broken that down and he's going to take it day by day, you've probably heard. If you go back a couple weeks ago, we're in the high teens to 20% testing ratio of COVID to positive cases. That number has come down dramatically over the last 10 days, thankfully, and so now we're down at an average down to about 35%, seven-day positivity rate of about 8.5%. He will look closely at that. He'll look closely at frankly, deaths. And more importantly, he'll look at ICU beds and what's going on in the hospitals. And the good news in both those cases they've been relatively stable, because it's got to make sure the environment here is capable of handling what comes its way in terms of COVID and people who need ventilators, et cetera. That's what's on his mind. He put it off until September, so you won't – I don't think he'll say anything in August in terms of gatherings, it’s my general view. And frankly, I had the opportunity to talk to him often, he's very transparent. And I think post that we’ll begin to hopefully get somewhere. We had originally talked about 50% or up to 750 people is the next step. If we can get our prevalence rate back down to single – low single digits, maybe we can get back on that conversation. But interim, I think we're six weeks, four to six weeks away from a real conversation there and with some real success, if you will, and driving down these rates. So that's the I think the immediate thinking here. As it relates to the first quarter. The cancellations have begun to seep into there for sure. Again, the benchmark is now CES, which will be a meaningful miss. And every week that goes by a meeting planner has to ask themselves, is the time, energy and money I'm going to spend in advance of something that may or may not happen worth it? Not that do I want to go or not. And so to the extent we can get some rulings in next four or six weeks, it'll help slow that conversation. And right now we're in the middle of that quarter. If it goes on another month, it may go to the end of that quarter. And so the story goes.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thanks very much. Thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: We'll take the last question.
Operator: Sure. That question will be from David Katz with Jeffries. Please go ahead.
David Katz: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Congrats, Bill, and very much enjoyed your time – you sharing your time and attention.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you.
David Katz: I look forward to it continuing. I just wanted to – you’ve given out quite a bit of information. I just wanted to hear you contemplate the notion of certain properties that may remain closed. Could we be in a situation where the portfolio is partially opened for an extended period of time. And how have you thought about the range of contingencies that are out there given just how fluid this whole situation has been.
Bill Hornbuckle: Look, with any intent, we have no intent of retreading unless, God forbid we run into a problem. So let's start with that basic assumption. After Michigan opens in on the 5 or 7 for public it will be down to Empire. And I think you guys particularly most of you know, the New York story better than I. So the Governor's very cautious, but I have to think and believe post Labor Day we’ll have a very earnest if not before conversation around that. Obviously, that's a huge taxpayer, given the way that's structured for the state and we all know understand the state coffers in this challenging environment. As it relates to Las Vegas remembering we're down two Mirage is important to us. It's an amazing brand. Holyshmoly, I opened it back in 1989, God forbid. But the reality is particularly midweek unless we see an increase in demand. I'm not worried about Labor Day because the numbers you’re looking at fit quite well for there because as of today, we're taking reservations. Well, we were taking reservations through August. We've moved it now to August 27 and that's Park MGM, Nomad and Mirage. We'll see in a couple weeks that we feel about that again. We know Labor Day will be fine, but I do want to understand how people are thinking about school, no school, is a summer travel going to extend itself into September. By the way, September is probably the prettiest month of the year here particularly for the pool and resort experience. So if kids aren't back in school, it would just be an extended summer. We just don't know yet. And so it's not our intent though to keep them closed forever. Obviously, Park MGM was a building brand and a new brand. We might take a look at Nomad first and then maybe the bounce of the property, but we just don't know. But I can't imagine and it could be, so I’ll be careful what I say here. An environment where they're close for the balance of the year that I will say, and hopefully we can get there sooner.
Corey Sanders: And I think a lot of it is going to be based on COVID numbers because the bookings we're seeing in Las Vegas, the gross bookings are fairly consistent, they've been pretty decent. It's when we see the demand start suffering is when COVID numbers spike up and we start seeing some cancellations. When those numbers are down, the cancellations are reduced and we start seeing some additional rooms picking up. So if we could keep the COVID numbers down, things start flowing in a positive way and hopefully we could get these properties open. We want to get employees back to work and get the Strip going to where it needs to be going.
David Katz: All right and if I can ask one very short follow up Bill, in response to your thoughtful vision of balancing the company just a bit more, could that potentially include divesting some domestic assets entirely.
Bill Hornbuckle: Look everything's on the table everything off it, there's no discussion around that at this point. We want to get through this immediate crisis. We'll take a broader perspective on what's best for – where we are with liquidity, the balance sheet at that time, where the industry is going or has gone. And so of course, we're not going to rule anything out, but it's certainly not an expectation that we would offer up a property or properties today.
David Katz: Understood. Thank you, very much and good night.
Bill Hornbuckle: Okay, thank you all.
Corey Sanders: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's question-and-answer session and thus concludes today's call. Thank you for joining MGM Resorts International second quarter 2020 conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Bill Hornbuckle, Acting Chief Executive Officer and President; Corey Sanders, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer; Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited; and Aaron Fischer, Chief Strategy Officer. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. In fairness to all participants, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Please note this conference is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn the conference over to Aaron Fischer. Please go ahead.
Aaron Fischer: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International first quarter 2020 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at investors.mgmresorts.com, and we’ve also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today’s press release in our filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation, which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. I’ll now turn it over to Bill Hornbuckle.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, Aaron and good afternoon everyone. This is my first earnings call as Acting CEO of MGM Resorts, but as most of you know, I’ve been with the company for over 22 years and the industry for over 40. I’ve seen many difficult periods in that time, including the original MGM fire, 9/11, the global financial crisis, One October, but the COVID-19 pandemic is truly unprecedented. I’m proud of the disciple in focus that has defined our response to the crisis and I’m confident we are taking the necessary actions to position MGM Resorts for a sustainable recovery. We usually start these calls with the results, but since many of you have already seen our first quarter numbers we disclosed last week, I like to address the impacts of the COVID-19 on our business, our employees and our communities and then I’ll walk you through the quarter and our longer-term outlook.  Before I do, I would like to acknowledge the stewardship of our board of directors and the partnership of our Chairman, Paul Salem of Providence Equity Partners. I’m grateful for the council as we manage through the current environment. Paul’s background provides valuable expertise and capital allocations and we work together to enhance the company’s overall return on investment. The COVID-19 pandemic represents a tremendous challenge to the global economy, to society as a whole and of course to a company like ours, which exists to offer guests world-class entertainment and hospitality experiences. On an individual level, the suffering imposed by COVID-19 has been enormous. Our hearts go to all of those who have lost family members, friends and colleagues. We have also lost 11 of our own at MGM. We’re all extremely grateful to the medical personnel and first responders who are serving on the front-line of the pandemic and also like to recognize the MGM employees who are reporting to work every day and are essential to keeping our properties safe and secure. As you all know, in mid-March, we closed all of our U.S. properties. At that time, we began to take decisive measures to protect our business by maximizing liquidity and minimizing our cash out flows. In the past few weeks, we have cut our dividend, reduced our deferred nonessential spending, amended our credit agreement and raised 750 million in new bonds.  The most difficult step however was to furlough nearly 63,000 employees. This was painful and it’s a hard decision to make, but we are actively preparing for the day and we can welcome them back. As a result of these actions and our real estate transactions, MGM has 4.6 billion of cash on its balance sheet, excluding MGM China, and MGP, an estimated domestic cash outflow of approximately 270 million per month while we are closed. During this international health crisis, we have focused on the safety of our employees and guests and in strengthening the committees in which we operate. This has been and continues to be our top priority. As such, we have committed to continue providing health benefits to our impacted employees and while difficult, this experience has again confirmed the strength of our values and our culture. The company, our employees, and our partners collectively have raised 12.8 million for the employee emergency grant fund to provide relief for employees and immediate families in need. We’ve also given over 1 million in food and products to local communities, provided logistics for 250,000 COVID-19 test in Nevada and donated over 1 million units of PPE.  MGM China has also made significant efforts to supporting the region to the crisis, including donating MOP 20 million or approximately $2.5 million to the Hubei Province and providing other means of support, PPE or otherwise to its local community. Although COVID-19 presents unique challenges, we are extremely well-positioned culturally, financially, and operationally to handle this crisis. Because of the strength and the actions we are now taking, we are poised to regain momentum as soon as the danger to public health lifts and we can begin to restore normal operations. I’m going to briefly walk you through some of the key strategic questions that will play a major role in our performance going forward. Right now, we are intensely focused on but a few, how and when do we reopen and what does it mean to gather safely? While we have always put health and safety at the forefront of all that we do, they are new imperatives.  Consumer confidence is key to economic recovery and thoughtful reopening strategies are vital to building public trust. This is a responsibility that we take extremely seriously. So, let me briefly outline our thinking about the question of how we reopen. We are working through our safety plan right now and expect to make this public in the next two weeks. We know there are a number of key areas that are essential to protect the public and build confidence in our ability to put people back to work and safely welcome guests. We are collaborating with public health officials, experts in epidemiology and biosafety and both state and federal governments to come up with a set of protocols that will help deliver a secure environment. These will include measures like physical distancing, stringent sanitation and cleanliness protocols, the provisions of PPE, crowd management, and more. We’re also developing digital innovations for touchless interactions across the guest experience to improve protection and create greater overall confidence in the hospitality environment and their overall experience. We will continue to be driven by data, by science and by public health guidelines as we evaluate and evolve our operating practices and guest interactions. This brings us to the second question, when will we able to reopen our domestic properties. Ultimately, the precise reopening dates depend on decisions by elected officials consulting with public health authorities. In MGM's case, that means the Governors of Nevada, New Jersey, Maryland, Michigan, Massachusetts, Mississippi, Ohio and New York. Due to various public health conditions in these States, we are preparing to open properties in phases. Given the stabilization of cases in Asia and recent comments by the Macau's Chief Executive, we anticipate this market may show meaningful recovery early this summer. In the U.S., certain states such as Mississippi will likely open sooner than more heavily impacted states and we anticipate that regional drive markets, obviously, will rebound faster than fly-in destinations. Once Las Vegas Casinos are allowed to open we will have made decisions about property openings based on consumer demand and the economics of individual properties will also balance those needs of our employees, our local regulators, and other key stakeholders. In all cases, we will open in a way that protects the health and safety of our guests and our employees and again I must stress that is our highest priority. Now, I’ll spend a few minutes looking back over our Q1 results. Our net income was 807 million versus 31 million in the prior period, due to 1.7 billion pre-tax gain relating to the MGM Grand and Mandalay Bay transactions. As we previously announced, our first two months were even stronger than our internal projections, Las Vegas Strip adjusted property EBITDAR was up 27%, and our regional operations adjusted property EBITDAR was up 26% both on a same-store basis. These strong results were driven by robust organic growth and Phase 1 of MGM 2020 working in its full force. As expected, performance deteriorated dramatically in March when we required to close all of our domestic properties. As a result, our Q1 consolidated adjusted EBITDA was down 61% to 295 million with Las Vegas down 34 and our regional down 28 and MGM China recording an EBITDA loss of 22 million. Looking ahead, our strategic planning is being driven by three overriding goals: to simplify our operating model, maintain a commitment to strict capital discipline, and bringing intense focus on executing our current initiatives such as MGM 2020. Let me touch on a few of these areas. We are significantly reducing our operating expenses by cutting expenses across all properties and corporate departments. This is crucial to achieving long-term recovery. We moved quickly to reduce operating costs through furloughs and freezing positions, as well as eliminating nonessential expenditures. We also initiate a program to allow senior executives and directors to receive 2020 compensation in the form of restricted stock units and while operating efficiently and effectively with an eye towards improving margins has been a core philosophy we are taking more aggressive actions to further adjust our operating model in response to the current environment. We believe this is a very opportunistic moment in time to operate and to take a look at all things that we’ve been doing historically. We’re carefully also managing our cash to protect the company's financial position. We have deferred, reduced our expected 2020 domestic capital expenditures by at least 50% or approximately 200 million. We have announced that the board reduced our dividend to $0.01 per share annually resulting in quarterly savings of approximately 73 million and importantly we will continue to meet our rental obligations to MGP and Blackstone. We also have strengthened our liquidity position in addition to the 4.6 billion of cash on our domestic balance sheet today and adjusted for the bond offering, MGP has also agreed to redeem 1.4 billion of our OP units in cash should we elect to have them redeemed. We have additional liquidity levers including our remaining stake in MGP, our 50% stake in CityCenter and the ROFO asset MGM China. We also have a 56% stake in MGM China although to be clear, we want to continue to and – we continue to believe in the future of Macau and look forward to continuing to invest in our presence there. We have no debt maturing prior to 2022 and just yesterday closed on our credit agreement and then providing additional flexibility on our financial covenants.  MGM China is also well-positioned with our 800 million of liquidity and earlier this month it further amended its credit agreement to provide for additional financial covenant relief as well. MGP has also drawn down on its revolver for additional liquidity. We are also continuing to advance our long-term strategic initiatives. We will drive progress in MGM 2020 by continuing to reduce expenses and pursue capital projects that will allow for higher margins and returns once our business fully recovers. We will continue to execute on our real estate strategy over time and we continue to invest in growth opportunities such as Japan, Macau, sports betting and online gaming. And in particular, I want to emphasize we remain fully committed to our partnership with Oryx to develop a world-class integrated resort in Osaka. Let me spend about a moment on Macau. I was recently elected to be Chairman of MGM China alongside Pansy Ho as Co-Chair. I am personally just as excited today about Macau as I was 20 years ago when I first visited. We believe the market will rebound rapidly with the Visa scheme and other restriction, once other restrictions on loosened. MGM's China – our properties are currently incurring cash operating expenses of approximately 1.5 million per day, which is an excessive amount being earned obviously by those properties.  While we are currently focused on managing the current situation in driving efficiencies within our current footprint, we will continue to invest in our properties and expand our offerings, especially on non-gaming with more sweets and more room product. I look forward to working with the new Chief Executive in Macau and this administration and to support the strategies for further development in Macau. In summary, we remain confident in the long-term outlook of our business with a strong start of the year, which was encouraging and points to the success of a number of initiatives such as MGM 2020 that we had recently implemented. In Las Vegas, our margins were back over 30%. We have leading assets in most of our markets, which will further support a healthy recover to our business. We will continue to simplify the way we operate and we focus resources into areas that create the most value for our shareholders. On a more personal note to wrap up, as someone with four decades of experience in this industry, I’m honored for the opportunity to lead a great company like MGM Resorts. The efforts I’ve outlined today speak to my intent of being clear and focused by being disciplined in all things and to striving to be transparent in my leadership of this organization. Hopefully, they will become the hallmarks of what I want to stand for and what this company stands for going forward. While there is no proven playbook for the current challenges we face, I have faith in our deep operating experience, our expertise in safely managing public gatherings, the strength of our long-term plan, and our tenure in this business.  And more than that, I have a tremendous amount of confidence that the men and women of MGM Resorts and our partners around the world will rise to this challenge as they have on so many occasions before. I look forward to the day soon, and we will say, once again let’s entertain the world. Thank you, and with that I’ll open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon everybody. Good afternoon Bill. I was going to start of Bill with you and ask specifically you what you might be doing differently then say Jim did in his tenure, but I kind of thought you laid it out pretty eloquently. So, I will not take that as one of my two questions. So, starting with question number one, and I know you talked about it, it’s premature to talk about the timing of when you can reopen your domestic properties, and so, just – just maybe can you talk about how you think about how you will start to phase in properties particularly on the Las Vegas Strip? I think before maybe on CNBC, you said that maybe you would start with properties that are not on – that at the higher price point like Excalibur, nor would it be those properties have traditionally hosted a large percentage of international visitors. If the Las Vegas Strip opens for the summer how many properties by the end of this year realistically optimally do you anticipate could be opened by the end of this year? How many by the middle of next year, you know how much of your views will be in reaction to airline capacity coming back? And how much of it is depended on the group business?
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, Joe. I appreciate backing of the first question and focusing on a simple one. So, let me – I have got to this maybe in three buckets and obviously Corey can and will chime in here. Macau speaks for itself and Grant is on the phone to the extent at the end of this you want to ask some additional questions, but we are hopeful that early this summer given all the indicators and things we see in China that that market will begin to open up. Guangdong province of note, which is critical to us is feeling better, although it goes back and forth as you know, but the order of magnitude of case loads there are significantly down, and we feel better about what’s happening and we think there is some opportunity there in early summer. The regional properties obviously like I said in my prepared comments are going to be – as all of these places are going to be predicated on what the government says.  What Governors are saying is at least the baseline mandate and our regulators. We do see Mississippi first, obviously we see places like Empire potentially off to later in the year, time to be determined. The good news about our regionals is their drive markets with the exception of BAW, which does have some fly capacity given the 800 keys there and the programs that we run, but we see those potentially Mississippi, potentially Maryland down the road of note and then those begin to rollout. You’ve all seen what’s going on Michigan, so obviously we’re in the midst of all of that in Detroit. So, we will take one step at a time. More specific to your question in Las Vegas we have of you and don't know exactly when, the Governor has been speaking almost daily now on when to open. He like most governors is looking at a three-phased process trying to open up small businesses things like golf courses et cetera, understand what happens in those – with the community in that respect. Then go to the next bucket. In some areas, we are in that next bucket, Nevada of note, and in some areas potentially like Maryland we may be in the third bucket of activity, but in there it’s believed that gaming will open universally meaning all of gaming in Southern Nevada will have a chance to open same time when it’s deemed safe. Again, we just don't know. We’re probably looking at two or three offerings initially. Obviously, something of a value set. We tend to lean into New York. New York because it’s one of our simpler places to run, it’s 2000 rooms. We’re probably looking at Bellagio at the other end. I'm wanting to ensure, I'm sure the competitors set down the street is going to open because they only have one in the context of when in sands. So, want to be in the high-end business. And then from there we’re talking about what other properties should open if any at that point in time and, you know we’ll go slow, we will be responsive and responsible, we will look to the economics in some of it. Most of these properties need to be between 30% and 50% to generate any kind of cash that is meaningful i.e. meaning not going backwards from being closed. And so we're going to see how the market responds. You did mention the airlines; we were in a conversation last week with Southwest, its President and remaining of its leadership team. They are still bullish on Las Vegas. The interesting thing I think is the point-to-point carriers will come first. And obviously the hub guys, the United, the Americans, the Deltas in the world have other challenges with hubs that may restrict some activity here, but Southwest feels relatively bullish. They won't start here first, but I think over time you’ll see them focus on this market because as always in these circumstances, Las Vegas presents a great deal of value. Corey, if you want to?
Corey Sanders: I think you hit all the key points Bill. I mean, obviously safety is a key thing. We want to avoid any spikes and numbers and things like that. So, we will deal with it cautiously and in general a lot of it will be demand driven. Just as a reminder, about 50% of the traffic coming into Las Vegas is from automobiles, and we do think there will be some pent up demand and as the opportunity comes about, we’ll definitely open up properties to maximize our cash flow.
Bill Hornbuckle: Grant, anything to add on Macau? Grant?
Grant Bowie: I think, Bill, I just reiterate again. Bill, thank you. I guess the challenge is that it's about opening up, as you've seen. The critical point for us is that, we expect that the volumes of traffic will be significantly restricted. We see that as actually somewhat of a positive, because by and large we think that the premium market will come back first. That's obviously where we have that strength and that's what we're looking to. I think everybody probably also heard that Hong Kong has extended their quarantining requirements through June 7, that we do hope that within that time that there might be some adjustments with China and we're waiting just to get that information. So, we're very positive. We're very comfortable that we're trying to manage as best we can, but most importantly, from our discussions with their customers, the demands there, the opportunity for them to travel is the only thing they're looking for. Thank you.
Joe Greff: Great. That was my question to you Grant. You answer it. Thank you very much, guys.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, Joe.
Grant Bowie: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hi, Bill. Thank you for taking my question.
Bill Hornbuckle: Hi, Carlo.
Carlo Santarelli: So, guys – you guys have spent the last several quarters, years actually kind of putting together a top down framework of how to run the business more efficiently and whatnot. One of the questions I had was, as you sit from that perspective now, having consolidated your expense rationale and thinking along those lines, how much does that help you in an environment like this, where you're almost starting from a very low baseline firm expenses and the ability to kind of bring those expenses back on in a more kind of demand driven way?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. I'll kick it off and Corey. Look, I think it's been immensely valuable. If you recall, we actually started in 2016 with what do we call it, Corey? PGP, obviously, 2020, I became Chief Operating Officer last March or something along that lines. And so our ability to understand, at – frankly, at most every level, whether it was corporate, centers of excellence, or the various properties, regions, how we were operating, what the things we were doing, why we were doing and what was really bringing value, we have a very clear lens on. And so now as we think about re-launching in a post-COVID environment and the ramp it's going to take, we have another lens into that in terms of how we're going to structure the organization, and we have some work to do there, but we believe when it's all said and done, and we return back to a normal state, we're going to be a much more efficient organization focused on those things that are priority, those things that truly matter to driving the day-to-day customer experience in our business in all the places that we serve.
Corey Sanders: What I would add Carlo is, MGM 2020 really is less than a year old. And as we stood up the COEs and centralized components of it, we've evolved since then. This closing has allowed us to really rethink that. And we think there's opportunities to become even more efficient. The other thing that MGM 2020 give us the discipline on is on our variable labor and staffing to business volume. So, we've become very disciplined, which is helping out tremendously in a time like this.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you, guys. And then if I could just one follow-up. Bill, you mentioned it earlier, obviously, that the $1.4 billion that's kind of available to you there. Clearly, with the balance sheet as its structured today and the more nimble paradigm that you guys are in that there is plenty of kind of runway with respect to liquidity. Is the decision to kind of pull the string on that $1.4 billion more dependent on how this situation evolves six, nine months down the road? Or would you be advantageous in the event that you saw the valuation of that thought or fairly reflect kind of what you and myself included, think it’s worth?
Corey Sanders: Carlo, it’s Corey. I'll take that. Look, I think the – based on the agreement we have with MGP, we really do have a long-dated option. We, as you mentioned, I think we feel really good about our liquidity position and it does give us – especially what we did last week, it gives us the ability to not be in any big rush. When – we'll transact when we believe it's the right time to transact and the right point and would whatever is the most efficient manner in it for us. So, and just as a reminder, MGP is a pretty important stock for us. We have over $5 billion of value in MGP.
Carlo Santarelli: Understood. Thank you, guys.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, Carlo.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Thanks. I think in the opening remarks you mentioned still being committed to Japan. Can you just provide an update on the milestones investors should be watching? How the investment timing and size may have evolved? Any color unexpected returns?
Bill Hornbuckle: Sure. What Japan like most places in the world is being impacted by COVID-19, it – I think literally as early as today, you may see Abe stick additional restrictions up to another 30 days is what has been rumored to be discussed. I think the impact of that is, it will slow down, although, we are not definitively sure the RFP process as it currently sits in Osaka and we are ready for this. By the way, we have an RFP submission that is due end of July. Our team has worked hard on this, as you know, we’re the lone standing applicant there, and we would submit, but I think what may happen is that the whole process gets pushed closer to the end of the year, which I think is appropriate and fine by us. In terms of its scale, you see – in terms of other opportunities in Japan, Yokohama has expressed sincere interest is now working its way through its own process and time to tell whether others actually joined. We still see Asia as a huge build and is a huge upside for the company, and frankly, for the industry. We're very bullish on Macau in the long run and we're absolutely bullish on Japan in the long run. You're still zone $10 billion investment. And the returns on that to be determined once we get through all the regs. But they're significant and they would be significant to the company in its overall portfolio and how we balance our earnings as we look at everything that we have. And so, we remain bullish. I think it will get delayed and we're ready if it does not is really, I guess, my final point.
Stephen Grambling: Great, thanks. And then my follow-up is related to Joe's earlier question. You had mentioned occupancies needing to be around, I think, it was 30% to 50% and generate meaningful cash flow. Given the model has typically been run with very high occupancies on the strip, what are the biggest bottlenecks that you can tackle to help alleviate crowds, increase distance and maximize that cash flow as you think about different parts of either the property or the segment in business? Thanks?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. There's – and Corey help me with this. There's a couple different aspects to it. Obviously, getting air back and getting large group gatherings are critical to the ultimate and final recovery. We do believe because of drive-in traffic, which particularly spikes in the summer, that regionally we will see a substantial amount of drive-in. I mean, there's obviously pent-up demand. You saw what happened in the beaches of California when they open for a weekend. I think they're going to close again, which is not what we want to do to be clear. But I think you'll see leisure demand. I think, you'll see drive traffic, and it'll push what happens from that perspective. The casino has always been active. Our offer set that remains out there, people are still booking into the balance of this year and into next already. They're anxious. They have pent-up demand as well here and in Macau. They want to come back. And so irrespective of large-scale events, I think, championship fight hosted with 15,000 people, the Casino segment is anxious to come back. Group, obviously, will be the last. I would tell you this on group as a way to think about it. We have lost a little less than half of our group business because of the pandemic. Half of that has already rebooked over the next 12 months. And so if you think about it in macro, we're down about 25%, but the really encouraging thing there is that large group formats and particularly for our company tech business has come back. And so, there's not a change of mindset around how people will come and gather into the future from the Microsoft's of the world who want to come back to this market and do it in a meaningful way. So, we're encouraged by that longer-term. And then ultimately, obviously, we have a partnership with AEG. We do a lot with Live Nation. Getting back major events is really going to get down to the protocols that requires to host an event of that scale and time. I think that simply is going to probably be the last to cure and to heal. Corey, you want to talk maybe the environment inside and the cost?
Corey Sanders: I think, in general, we're going to be following a lot of protocols like many of our competitors are. We’ll have the supplies, the gear we'll need, the distancing we'll need, we're sizing that up right now on what that would mean is, how we open in all the jurisdictions. We should have a fairly good idea of that by the next time we talk. The other area, I think where we're going to probably see some decent play, especially in Las Vegas at a property like Bellagio, or any of our high-end is the high-end casino customer. As Bill mentioned, we have been in contact with them and they were the last to leave when we closed down. I have a feeling some of them will be back the day we open. So, that's positive, but I think the key for us to get our margins back up will be as that group business returns in what's strange is we still have quite a few rooms on the books for the back-half of the year. And as Bill mentioned, booking for next year has been very strong. And in particular, in comparing it to where we were at the same time last year looking at 2019 and 2018, which is more apples-to-apples, which was our best year, by the way, in convention room nights. We have more rooms on the books now for 2021 than we do – we did for 2019 at the same time in 2018.
Stephen Grambling: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas Allen: Hi, Corey, respecting your last comments, you're still working through this. I'm just trying to figure out, when you do reopen these properties and they're going to be clear social distancing measures, like having to keep a space between slot machines, like, can you just give us a rough sense of like, what kind of percentage of positions you can get back online versus history? Will it be 30%, 50%, 70%, any rough sense in kind of the difference between Vegas and regional?
Corey Sanders: We're still working on those numbers. We'll be able to give you some good ideas. I could tell you the regionals that will have more of an impact. The floors in Las Vegas were built 10, 15 years ago. And this is our chance to probably right size them with the proper distancing and positioning. The regionals will take a little bit more effort, and we'll be able to talk more about it in the next quarter.
Bill Hornbuckle: And Tom, at Park, MGM and at ARIA, we're – actually, we’re putting down in particularly two of those places, new casino carpet, now is a good time to do it. And so we're reconfiguring those floors with the space in mind for distancing. And so, the environment will feel a little different when people walk in from day one.
Corey Sanders: And the only other thing I would add is, some of these jurisdictions might have limits to number of people in the building. And if that would be the case, our floor format would be adjusted for that.
Thomas Allen: Helpful. Thank you. And then, look, this may be a long shot, but you're in a lot better liquidity position than some of your peers, have you given any thought about going on the offense?
Bill Hornbuckle: It’s Bill. Yes, we've given, of course, you always give a thought. But look, we're going to stay very focused. We don't know how long this is going to take. We like the projects that ultimately, if we come out of this, we've defined sports betting, hopefully, an extension of a license and continuation in Macau, in Japan, very – on principle. You never say, never; but that's not going to be our focus. And again, not knowing how long all of this takes and what it does do to our balance sheet look, right now, it's strong. We're up and operating and be stronger than it's ever been, I think, in the history of the company and many, many decades anyways. And so, we are fortunate in that respect, but again, we just don't know.
Thomas Allen: Helpful. Thank you. Operator The next question will be from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon. Hi, Bill.
Bill Hornbuckle: Hi, Shaun.
Shaun Kelley: Just wanted to – you have a unique position on some of these larger scale group events, and Bill, I know you spent a lot of time in your – in some of your prior roles and some of these bigger sports relationships and whatnot. Just kind of any insights may be there? I mean, obviously, you said the group piece, which isn't good anymore maybe convention, they take time to come back, but what are your thoughts specifically on some of the event like things? So, let's call it sports and some of the key entertainment pieces here. Just what are you hearing? What are some of those vendors and the Live Nation of the world is saying at the moment? Could you just give us a little bit more color there? Because I think this is important to so many people...
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. I mean, obviously, this is coming from our perspective. So, I don't want speak for Live Nation or AEG, but I would say this. As it relates to first entertainment here, we have a mindset that we will open some of our smaller showrooms and I'll give a simple example like Carrot Top or something that's small and intimate with a one person show can be open and relatively simplistically, we can provide the proper protections, et cetera. Obviously, that begins to scale a little bit differently when you get to Cirque and then when you get to the big events, on the convention side, it's not easy, but remember, we're fortunate we have 3.5 million square feet of space in Las Vegas. And so our ability to stretch things out more than most, if not all, is unique. And so we can host an event. And yes, it will be a bit of a space pig, but at least we'll be able to host the event. And so we can set up as we have with various meeting planners and already organizations, different protocols to how to do that. Until we get all the health and safety protocols, we're not going to be definitive, but we do have that unique capacity. As it relates to sports and obviously, for us and you remember how we were talking about this before this started with the Raiders what we've seen with hockey, long-term Las Vegas will recover. Long-term, the Raiders stadium is in our backyard, but we may see a few games this year with our people. A simple example, we were creating a large pre-game environment outside of Mandalay and Luxor, which can be pretty special, you walk over to the bridge and go to the game to be able to come back tailgate party. We put that on hold, because it's our general view that if it were fortunate enough to see real fans, it won't be 65,000. And so we'll probably see stuff like that spring. We have been an ongoing dialogue with leagues and other sporting activities around televised-only events, I think boxing, MMA, NBA, NHL, et cetera, and we can host some of that. We are working diligently with those to do that, but I think the idea that we're going to get 15,000 people in T-Mobile for a concert anytime this year is probably a stretch.
Shaun Kelley: That's helpful. And then as my follow-up, and this one is a little bit technical, so my apologies, but just, I think in the covenant waiver that came through yesterday on some of the MGP shares were pledged as collateral for the credit facility. And so I was just wondering if you could elaborate on what kind of restrictions that means for either the OP unit repurchase or specifically, maybe the ability to sell down MGP shares in the future?
Corey Sanders: Yes. Shaun, it’s Corey. Yes, we did agree to pledge our OP units as collateral under our revolver credit facility. We did not agree to any restrictions on our ability to monetize the units, though, so for cash. So, we are not limited in our ability to pursue, for example, the cash redemption of up to $1.4 billion or future other sales. There – in the amendment, it does provide that if we sell units under a certain level of falling below 30%, then incremental proceeds would have to be used to reduce the commitments as long as we're in this waiver period.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thanks for that, Corey.
Operator: The next question will come from Harry Curtis with Instinet. Please go ahead.
Harry Curtis: Hi, Bill. I wanted to ask a question about CapEx first. And now that you've been in the CEO chair for such a long period…
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, Harry.
Harry Curtis: … as you look at CapEx not in the next 6 or 12 months, but how do you feel or maybe prioritize CapEx projects globally and their potential returns once your core business settles down? What are the best opportunities? And maybe Grant can chime in on this as well.
Bill Hornbuckle: Maybe a general overview and then Corey and Grant can clearly clean up. Look, we've seen that we've reduced our CapEx, I think, I mentioned in my pre opening remarks in half this year. There are things that are going to be essential to maintain the stores in the condition that we think they ought to be simple things like room remodels, Bellagio and others that will be just – going to be ongoing maintenance costs, and things that we're going to want to do. We will become more disciplined on some of the projects. We will become more focused on what's to be accomplished and why with a real mindset for margin around it in terms of just the day-to-day CapEx stuff. Domestically, with maybe the exception of New York, I think our primary focus is going to be Asia. And so, to the extent, we can work our way through a license in Macau and a renewal, which we're very hopeful for. And think, frankly, all this activity around COVID-19, Grant and the team have done a magnificent job putting us in good stead there with the government, but time to tell, that would be a large priority. And then ultimately, for us, it's still all about Asia and it's Japan. Japan represents without a doubt, the chance to move the needle. I mean, we're talking about something that would generate EBITDA in the 20-odd percent range to boost our company and put Asia at roughly a 50% EBITDA percentage in terms of our total EBITDA. So, we're focused on that.
Corey Sanders: To Bill's point, everything – our main focus, especially on growth will be increasing our return on investment. Domestically, as Bill mentioned, outside of New York, the digital technology components have become big. And I think, as we open up in this environment, you'll start seeing benefits from that. And we still think there's a future there. Grant, I don't know if you want to talk a little bit about Asia.
Grant Bowie: I think the critical issue, I'll just repeat what I've – what we've said previously. We've got the south suites coming on, and that's really important. More accommodation for us is really important. In terms of the existing capital allocation we have, we've critically reviewed all those items and we're actually pulling back on ones, because what we also want to be prepared is, we want to have some money left in the kitty. We don't want to spend for the sake of spending. So, we're actually taking monies we would have allocated and then identified when we reopened. There may be some adjustments we need to make, maybe some food and beverage things. So, rather than spending and then having to come back and do it again, we're pulling back. Reiterating what Bill said as well, the focus for all of us is all about the concession renewal. And we have significant plans that we've discussed earlier about opportunities to develop, but we also need to be mindful what the expectations of the Chief Executive are. And he is – he does have different views. And what we're excited about is – and we're putting aside funds that we will be in a position to obviously respond to the diversification strategies that he is putting forward.
Bill Hornbuckle: And then, Harry, it's not huge capital dollars in respect to some of the other things we're talking about, but sports betting, iGaming is a real opportunity. I was just reading this morning, Morgan Stanley's piece. I think the market is $8.5 billion – $10 billion, whatever it is it's becoming real. In New Jersey, this month alone, if we paced out what we did the last couple of weeks in iGaming, it's $100 million business for us. Pennsylvania is around the corner, Michigan is around the corner….
Corey Sanders: Colorado.
Bill Hornbuckle: …and Colorado is around the corner. And given what's happening in states because of the stress of COVID, we think that'll open sooner than later. And well not extensive capital dollars, it does run in the hundreds of – a couple hundred million potentially before we turn the corner and really make something of this, but it is without a doubt, I think, one of the things that's not been unlocked in our value and our valuation, but it can and it will be over time.
Harry Curtis: I appreciate that. And maybe one more for Grant, and this is a very broad leading question, but can you do enough to satisfy the Chief Executive? I'll leave it at that.
Grant Bowie: I think clearly, all concessionaires that are in Macau, I think, are well positioned and clearly, we will do what's necessary. Bill has made it very clear. This is the focus of the company. We're very confident. We're very positive. I think the simple thing, as I keep saying is, we just have to do – keep doing the things we're doing better. We need to do the right thing by the people. We need to do everything well. I think during this difficult time, I think, ourselves and all the concessionaires have demonstrated our true commitment to Macau, the people of Macau and the future of Macau. And I think that's just how we need to always focus on. One day at a time, it's not a single guy decision. It's all about a cumulative effort. And that's what we're good at. We're building confidence. We’re building respect and then hopefully for us, the rewards will flow.
Harry Curtis: Thanks. Thanks, Grant and Bill.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, sir.
Operator: The next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, thanks so much. So Bill, there's a – there are buyers of assets out there, you have Las Vegas stands to talk about M&A. We've seen news, Blackstone, you know acknowledging that you might not make the kind of decision now, would you be open to selling further assets?
Bill Hornbuckle: It's not immediately on the horizon. You would always be open to selling assets, I suspect, but it's not something that we've got in our strategic plan. We have obviously the ROFO in Springfield, which is an opportunity. We're looking to acquire over time, the other side of city center, not go that way, but given where we are today, we've got a lot in front of us.
Grant Bowie: Look, I think we're in a really good position, and I don't think we could get the value that we got for Bellagio or MGM today.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes.
Grant Bowie: So we'll build that business back up. And if there's an opportune time, we'll look at for that.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, thanks. And just Grant, you had talked about the quarantine in Guangdong and just kind of watching that as we all are, just adding Hong Kong into that picture, how are you thinking about Hong Kong and the ability to travel to and from there? And how important is that to your thoughts about recovery in Macau?
Grant Bowie: Well, I think it's pretty clear that Hong Kong, Macau, and Guangdong, the Greater Bay Area, are all in inextricably linked. We already know that the quarantining requirements in Hong Kong will not be lifted until the 7th of June at the earliest. Hong Kong is always an important feeder market. Even many of our customers coming in from China come via Hong Kong as you know, but on the other side of it, there is a possibility, and we obviously sitting here hoping that's happening and the Chief Executive even acknowledged that he is in dialogue with Guangdong to see if they cannot be some relaxation or some progressive opening up of the Zhuhai China border. So, we know the Hong Kong date for review. We're still positive and somewhat expected that we may see some opportunities coming up in May for China, and it'll be multi-step. The first will be the removal of the return to China quarantining and then the ultimate objective that we see coming out in the next weeks and months is the releasing of the IDF system. And that's really the critical point for us once the obvious comes back. So Felicia, I'm sorry, I don't have the specific timings. Those are the steps. As I said earlier, talking to the customers, they're positive, they're confident, all of us are just sitting here waiting to make sure that it's safe to travel. They're confident that we can take care of them. I think we've been very good at communicating that. So it's – we're ready to go. And frankly, after all this time, we're very anxious to get started as you can imagine.
Felicia Hendrix: Yes. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from John Decree with Union Gaming. Please go ahead.
John Decree: Hi, everyone, thanks for taking my question and all the details so far. Just one for me maybe for Corey. Last slide in your deck you talked about the CARES Act and some of the possible benefits there related to payroll tax and carry back. I was wondering if you could give us some insight as to what that might – what that quantum might be if you've kind of sized that up. Is it meaningful for you, it might be a little too early some of those carry backs, but I just wanted to get your initial thoughts on what that means for your company?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. I'll go through each one and I'm not sure I could quantify them all, because not knowing where our numbers are going to be that would be dependent on that, but obviously, the refund of the federal income tax five-year carry back that will play on our 2020 return, which we'll file in 2021. That will be a pretty good number from based on where our projections are. We haven't quantified it yet, but we'll – hopefully, over the next few months, we'll be able to. On the interest expense deduction limitation for income tax benefits, we also expect to see a little bit benefit of that in 2021, but more in 2022 since we’ll be carrying back most of our loss. There's actually two payroll provisions. One is actually on the payment of furlough in health benefits. We will receive a 50% deduction on that component. Those regulations are getting written right now. We had a pretty significant payment that we will receive that credit. Actually right now, we're receiving it. And then finally, there's the deferral of the FICA tax of the employer portion, any of those payments would be deferred to 2021 and 2022. So, we haven't quantified the amount yet over the next few months. We'll try to put some numbers around that and get that out there.
John Decree: That's helpful. I appreciate the color, Corey. Thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: And we'll take the last question, please.
Operator: Sure. The last question will be from David Katz from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Katz: Last. Thank you for taking my question. I – seriously, I appreciate it and all of the detail. Look, I – there's a bit of dissonance that I was hoping you could talk a bit more about, because you have talked about the efforts to size the business appropriately where ongoing pre-crisis that are still ongoing and they change. At the same time, reopening may bear some incremental costs as well. Have you had a moment to sort of lay those side-by-side? And ultimately, I suppose the thrust of my question is, which one is bigger? Does it come out to be net positive at the end of the day? Is that what you're ultimately hoping to solve for?
Bill Hornbuckle: Let me kick it off, and then Corey can clearly clean it up. Yes, the answer is, of course, it wants to be net positive. There are going to be given the protocols that we've talked about, whether they're cleaning or otherwise some additional costs, but I would offset it with a simple idea and a notion. Protocol to clean a room in this environment is going to be extensive. And therefore, you could argue that the efficiency around room credits will have to be altered. I would argue the other side of that, which would simply say, if I'm a guest in Bellagio, I want to know that my room is pristine when I go in. And during my stay, unless I want and need clean towels, I'm probably not going to let a guestroom attendant or any other service personnel in my room. And so I think you'll see a varying degree of offsets, things like restaurants, even though we're talking about opening Bellagio potentially first, it won't be full service, all restaurants, there will be some, there'll be pick up, pick and go, if you will, for pick up opportunities for food and beverage. And so, we're going to take the current state in mind until we get through all of the health protocols, it's a bit difficult. And that's why I said two weeks in my prepared comments, but we will be by then to then put in Corey and his team are working diligently around some of the costs. We definitely think they offset kind of the moves we're talking about in terms of structure, but, Corey, maybe you could …
Corey Sanders: Yes. What I would say, David, is we do have a decent understanding of what those costs are going to be. We think we'll end up on the better side of that. And by the way, we open the properties and ramp them. We will be able to manage component of that. And more in particular, we should – we think we should be able to offset most of these costs at fairly low occupancies. So, as we open properties and determine that, that will be – the demand for the town will be a big component of that.
Aaron Fischer: Yes, David, it’s Aaron. Just to clarify something. So, obviously, we're not giving disclosures in terms of our break-even points, but naturally, we recognize that our occupancy and utilization rates are going to be lower as we ramp up. So, what we're aiming to do through the cost-cutting is lower our break-even points.
David Katz: Got it. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Bill Hornbuckle: Okay. Maybe if I could just offer up a couple of closing thoughts and I appreciate everyone's time today. First and foremost, for me and the company, getting these properties up and operating, doing it in a safe manner, both for our employees and our guests is priority one. I think, again, we're ideally positioned to do that. We understand the environment. Well, we understand the organization well. And candidly, we feel the responsibility, particularly here in Southern Nevada. Our industry to this state is the most important industry in any state in the country, more than autos are to Michigan, more than tech is to California. And we are the largest tax payer and largest employer in the state. So, I can assure you we are keenly focused on wanting to reopen, but we will only do it safely. We are going to be a better more efficient organization moving forward, you have our commitment on that and mine. We know how to do this and we will do this and we'll make this as effective as it can be. Obviously, as we roll out, there are going to be things that we've never experienced before. So, we'll have some ups and downs, but I can assure you collectively, we’ll end up with a more efficient organization when we fully come out of the other side of this thing. Despite all of it, we are not going to lose track of our long-term strategic initiatives. We are keenly focused, particularly on Sports and iGaming in this timeframe. There is real money, particularly in iGaming today, and Sports will begin to unfold this fall and hopefully sooner. And our real estate strategies in creating yet again, a fortress balance sheet are critical. The notion of asset-light moving forward is critical. And ultimately, my goal, my desire, my push and I know it's shared by our Board is to be ever present and larger and more meaningfully involved in Asia, both in Macau and hopefully in Japan if we're fortunate enough to win a license there. So, I thank you for your time. Everyone be safe and be well. And I look forward to talking to you again next trip. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Corey Sanders, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer; Bill Hornbuckle, President and Chief Operating Officer; Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. In fairness to all participants, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Please note, this conference is being recorded. Now I would like to turn the call over to Aaron Fischer. Please go ahead.
Aaron Fischer: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at investors.mgmresorts.com, and we’ve also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities law. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today’s press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation, which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. I’ll now turn it over to Jim Murren.
Jim Murren: Well, thank you, Aaron and good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin discussing our fourth quarter and full year 2019 results, I want to spend a moment talking about the announcement we made this afternoon. As you may have seen, I’ve informed the board that I will step down from the company prior to the expiration of my contract. The board will promptly conduct a comprehensive search for the right leader who take MGM Resorts into the future. And I will do whatever I can to support the board during this time. This was not a decision that I made lightly. However, I know the company is well positioned. Our balance sheet is strong. We have an efficient operating model and a powerful strategic plan. Our growth areas of sports betting, Japan and entertainment have never looked better. Our bench of management talent is deep. The company is strong and growing. In my 22 years with MGM Resorts, I’ve accomplished a lot and I’m proud of the company it has become. Leading MGM Resorts as a CEO for the past 12 years has been the most rewarding and fulfilling experience in my professional career. And I want to thank our talented employees for all of their support and dedication. Together, we transformed MGM Resorts into a global entertainment company with a worldwide footprint, while creating significant value for our shareholders. Looking ahead until a successor is named. I will continue to lead the company. As always, I will remain focused on executing our strategy and I’m fully committed to supporting a seamless transition. I’m confident that the board will find the right person who will continue to execute on our plan and drive value for MGM shareholders. With that, I’d like to turn our discussion over to our results. MGM has a lot to be excited about this past year. We began 2019 with two major plans. The first was to dedicate more focus on our asset-light strategy, which allows us to unlock the value of our real estate assets and recycle capital into higher growth, higher return opportunity. We’ve made great progress as we monetized the underlying real estate of Bellagio and we’ll soon monetize the real estate of MGM Grand Las Vegas at benchmark setting multiple. We also sold Circus Circus Las Vegas, which was not core to our long-term strategy. We continue to work toward reducing our stake in MGP, which currently has a market value of around $7 billion. Our recently announced transactions as well as the anticipated cash redemption of $1.4 billion of our MGP operating partnership units are expected to yield $8.2 billion of net cash proceeds to MGM. These proceeds in conjunction with our free cash flow will allow us to achieve domestic net financial leverage excluding MGP of approximately one times by year-end, while still returning significant capital to shareholders. As such, I’m pleased to report that we paid down $3.1 billion of our debt in the fourth quarter. Further, as a testament to our continued confidence in our overall business and strategy as well as the value potential of MGM Resorts, we announced today a 15% increase in our quarterly dividend. We also announced the authorization of a new $3 billion share repurchase program, which we intend to put to use tomorrow with $1.25 billion modified Dutch auction tender. We believe that this is an opportune time to repurchase shares despite the volatility in some segments of our business. While the coronavirus, which I will discuss shortly, will clearly have a near-term impact to MGM China, we remain confident that it will not have a long-term impact on our business. We’re pleased with the outlook of our domestic businesses with strong underlying trends in Las Vegas, including continued growth in RevPAR, food and beverage and domestic gaming spend. MGM has the benefit of having a good broad-based snapshot of our customer base here in Las Vegas. We have guests from all income groups coming from all over the world. And we were especially happy with the performance of our mid-market properties, which produced strong margin improvement. This to us speaks to the strong underpinnings of the Las Vegas market as well as the success of our MGM 2020 plan. We are investing in Japan and in our online and sports betting business and while these businesses are contributing losses to our P&L today, we expect both to create meaningful value in the years to come. And we do not believe either these initiatives are reflected in our current stock price. Secondly, we implemented our MGM 2020 plan, which a year later is successfully realizing material savings in labor, sourcing and revenue enhancement opportunity. We’ve refined our operating model to create greater efficiencies and faster decision making throughout the organization. We’ve also completed implementing numerous labor and yielding initiatives, which will drive more upside this year. We’re proud of the progress we made during 2019, as we look forward to steps to evolve our organization. We’ve advanced our transition to a less asset intensive business model. We’ve made meaningful strides to optimize our portfolio, strengthen our balance sheet and enhance our free cash flow. In 2019, we also returned over $1.3 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. Since the end of the year, we have continued to buyback shares and as of earlier this afternoon, we had only $4 million left remaining on our current $2 billion authorization. As we look into calendar year 2020, we expect certain headwinds, which we believe are unpredictable within a reasonable range of accuracy. We’re currently navigating an extremely fluid environment with the coronavirus, which we are taking very seriously. The safety of our employees and guests is our top priority. And we continue to work closely with the local authorities to ensure that we’re doing what’s right for the wellbeing of everyone there. As such, our Macau casinos and gaming areas are currently closed. So we are maintaining some non-gaming facilities to support our hotel guests. During this time with our casinos closed, we are actively managing our costs and are incurring approximately $1.5 million of operating expenses per day across both properties. The majority of which is payroll. While the current situation creates volatility in our business near-term, we are confident that does not reflect the medium to long-term earnings potential of these assets or the marketplace. In fact, while short-lived, we have been seeing signs of an improving marketplace during the first couple of weeks in January with our businesses averaging just under $2.5 million of property EBITDAR a day. In addition, the Far East baccarat market here in Las Vegas had a difficult year in 2019. And as such, we are cautiously not expecting a material recovery in the near-term. And so given the current environment, we have decided to remove our 2020 financial target. But with that being said, organic growth in our U.S. business, excluding Far East baccarat has been tracking in line with our expectations. And we see the strength in our underlying domestic business continuing from the fourth quarter into this year. We also remain deeply committed to substantial growth of free cash flow per share this year, driven by healthy EBITDAR growth, moderating CapEx is our properties are an excellent shape and a reduction in our share count. So moving onto our results. Our full year 2019 consolidated net revenues increased 10% and consolidated adjusted EBITDAR was up 6%. Our fourth quarter consolidated net revenues grew 4% and we generated consolidated adjusted EBITDAR of $682 million. Our fourth quarter results were solid, but below our expectations. Mostly due to the persistent weakness in Far East baccarat volumes and hold in Las Vegas, as well as couple other one-time item. We’ve also accelerated our investments in sports and in Japan. Our Las Vegas Strip hold adjusted property EBITDAR for the year was $1.67 billion and $392 million in the fourth quarter. Excluding Circus Circus and the $24 million insurance proceeds we received the prior year quarter, our hold adjusted Strip EBITDAR increased 4% year-over-year. Our fourth quarter results continued to be driven by strong demand across all of our segments with Far East baccarat being the only key offset. Our Strip net revenues were up 4% in the quarter. Non-gaming revenues and REVPAR both up a robust 6%. Our convention business was exceptionally strong. And we finished 2019 with an all time record convention mix for the fourth quarter and the year at over 21%. Our casino revenues decreased 4% with table games win down 18% driven by that Far East baccarat. Our non-baccarat table game and slot win were actually up in the quarter. Our first and fourth quarters have historically trended higher in Far East play. And as we mentioned on our last call, we knew we were up against a tough comparison quarter as the prior year’s quarters casino volumes were very strong. And while our Far East business in the fourth quarter was roughly in line with the second and third quarters, it was still lower than we had expected, driven by handful of premium high end customer. To provide some context, Far East baccarat has historically contributed anywhere from 5% to 7% of our Strip EBITDAR and now it’s down to 2%, which creates a low base for 2020. In other words, Far East baccarat contributed a little over $35 million to our 2019 adjusted EBITDAR and that was down over $100 million year-over-year. Our fourth quarter Strip EBITDA margins would have been up about 1.5 points year-over-year, if you were to adjust for Circus Circus and the insurance proceeds received in the prior year as well as the baccarat impact. Regionally, we operate some of the premier assets across the United States, with leading positions in most of our markets. Regional operations fourth quarter net revenues and adjusted EBITDAR grew 15% and 14% respectively, due to the inclusion of Northfield Park and Empire City. In 2019, MGM National Harbor and Borgata each generated over $200 million in 2019 adjusted property EBITDAR. And our Mississippi operations grew EBITDAR by 13%. MGM Springfield has admittedly performed below our expectations and we’ve recently made some changes there to better position in the property. MGM China’s net revenues grew 6% in the quarter, despite the 8% market-wide GGR decline. Adjusted property EBITDAR was up 10% to $185 million, driven by MGM Cotai, which grew EBITDAR by almost 40% year-over-year to $75 million. VIP hold normalized EBITDAR was up 11% to $177 million, despite the short-term uncertainty in the marketplace, we remain well positioned there. As MGM China strong liquidity position and strong balance sheet bodes as well. And of course, Grant will be on the line to answer your questions during the Q&A. Moving on to MGM 2020, I’m proud to say we continue to make excellent progress on the plan, achieving all of our targeted savings and revenue enhancements, some of which continue to be on an accelerated basis. As of year end 2019, many of our initially identified labor and sourcing initiatives have been implemented and we will continue to drive further upside this year. In the fourth quarter, we achieved approximately $55 million in incremental EBITDAR, bringing our total to north of $130 million for the year end 2019, clearly, we’re ahead of plan. We did experienced like delays in the fourth quarter and rolling out certain technology related initiatives, which is now occurred by the end of the year. And we remain confident that we will beat our $200 million adjusted EBITDAR uplift goal by year end. And Corey, of course, is here to provide more detail on that during Q&A. Looking out further, we expect the healthy trends in Las Vegas outside of Far East baccarat to continue into 2020. We expect strength in the first quarter driven by our convention and entertainment calendar. Last year, visitation grew 1% to near historic high levels. In McCarran’s passenger counts reached an all time record of 51.5 million. Consumer confidence remains high. And while leisure booking windows are naturally short, we continue to see strength in that segment, especially, bolstering our legacy properties. And we have a lot to look forward to. The city is continuing its evolution as a sports town with the NFL Draft in the second quarter. We have pleased to be hosting the NFL Red Carpet event on the Bellagio fountain. Las Vegas will also debut the Raiders at the 65,000 seat Allegiant stadium, which is in Mandalay Bay’s backyard and will serve as a positive catalyst for our south Strip property. In boxing, we also have the heavyweight fight Fury versus Wilder rematch just next weekend. Our convention business is shaping up well, especially with the return of ConAg in the first quarter. Park MGM is also hitting its stride, with all of its elements up and running anchored by the wonderful unique food and beverage offerings and a strong entertainment roster at Park Theater. As I mentioned earlier, Far East baccarat remained soft market wide and we’re not assuming a material recovery in the near-term at our luxury properties in that segment, namely at Bellagio, MGM Grand, and Aria. And while the headwinds in 2019 set a very low base for 2Q and beyond, the first quarter remains a challenge in that Far East baccarat business. And finally, while we are currently closed in Macau, we continue to believe in the long-term success of MGM China. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I think it’s important to quickly reiterate our strategic goals for MGM Resorts. MGM Resorts is advancing its strategy of becoming an asset light operator of market leading properties across the United States. As a result, we will be better positioned to recycle capital from the more mature markets to high growth, high returning opportunities, such as sports in Japan. By executing our strategy, we will: continue to leverage our brand and operating expertise as well as our investment in technology to enhance the guest experience; remain diligent about maintaining efficiencies in a streamline business with reignited focus and discipline on costs; continue to grow MGM China’s market share in Macau, as we remain confident in our long-term prospects there; continue to reduce our ownership stake in MGP in the most efficient manner and ultimately deconsolidate. We will remain committed in our free cash flow per share growth and very deliberate and thoughtful in our approach to capital allocation to, maintain a fortified balance sheet with our targeted domestic net financial leverage, excluding MGP of approximately one times by year end 2020, return capital to shareholders, especially as we continue to evaluate paths to maximize the value of our 50% stake in CityCenter, the real estate of MGM Springfield and our ownership stake in MGP. Finally, we are in the prime position to capitalize on our two key long-term growth opportunities, Japan and sports, which we believe will create meaningful long-term value for MGM Resorts. We’ve made a substantial investment and time and effort in Japan. And we believe the MGM and ORIX led consortium remains the front runner to win the license in Osaka this summer. We’ve made significant progress with our sports betting business, which will support long-term growth for our online and bricks and mortar business. Looking ahead, our path is clear and we remain focused on monetizing our remaining owned real estate assets, executing on our MGM 2020 plan and transforming the way we operate to position MGM Resorts for future growth and long-term value creation. With that, I’ll now turn it over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joe Greff: Hello, everybody.
Jim Murren: Hi, Joe.
Joe Greff: I have two buckets of questions. One, relates to your news, Jim. And then the second question relates to your comment on Las Vegas. On the first bucket of related question on you Jim, will you be staying on the board of MGM or MGP after a successor is anointed. My second question related to that is, do my perception of you is that you’re sort of the point person or the face person for MGM in Japan. I guess, who is carrying the torch in addition to you in Japan for Osaka. And then my third related question is, do you anticipate any or should we anticipate any other executive or property personnel changes either now or in the medium-term as a result of today’s news?
Jim Murren: Sure, Joe. I’ll take those three. First, I think it’s important to kind of reset why I’m doing this and why I’m doing it now. I really feel after 12 years, especially, after the last couple of years, we’ve really changed the dynamic of this company. We’ve created an incredible team of leaders, portfolio property president, property president, heads of centers of excellence. And I think company’s honestly never been in the better position than it is right now. And when I thought through, how I could best serve MGM going forward. I thought it was pretty clear that a leader should help lead a company into the next decade or two. And so I wanted to make sure the board had the time, which will use promptly to do a robust search and find my successor. And I’ll help in anyway I can in that regard. I do that with the confidence that we have such a great team in place to my left, I look at Bill Hornbuckle and to my right Corey Sanders, Atif is on a plane flying back here, we have such great talent that I depend upon and trust to continue to run this company going forward. And I don’t want to get ahead of the board’s process, they’ve developed a committee. They’ll hire a search firm and they’re going to go out and find the best possible candidate internally, externally or otherwise. And until that time, I will remain in all my posts, Chairman of MGM Resorts, MGP, MGM China, but that’s my immediate focus at this point in time. As it relates to Japan, very likely in May, I will be leading a group of people, including Bill Hornbuckle to my left to speak to the people of Osaka as the Chairman and CEO of MGM Resorts about why MGM and ORIX is the preferred partner. Why MGM and ORIX would be the operator that would put Osaka in safe hand. Why MGM Resorts and ORIX are the most responsible, most compliant, most dynamic company. And I’m absolutely sure, I’m going to be involved in the Japan project. In fact, I’ll probably be even more involved in the Japan project as time goes by. And as it relates to the team here, we have a seasoned, respected team that I intend to work with. I know the company values and will continue to be here as we seamlessly transitioned the company into this next generation. So I hope I answered all three of those.
Joe Greff: That was great. Thank you. And then switching over to just performance in Las Vegas, looking back at the 4Q, obviously, Bellagio, Grand and Mandalay Bay, those are the ones I guess, in that order, with Far East baccarat exposure. Was there anything else that those three properties are at the higher price point segment that’s causing their performance to be market lead different than everything else on the Las Vegas portfolio. Is there anything related to MGM 2020 transition or distraction that could have an impact on operating expenses that perhaps we didn’t anticipate.
Corey Sanders: No. Joe, this is Corey. To the contrary, they had a really good strong fourth quarter last year from that Far East segment in all of the EBITDA shortfalls from those properties are mainly from Far East. In particular, MGM actually had a record fourth quarter ADR number. So we’re tracking the 2020 results at all properties. Those properties are probably getting a little bit more benefit. The shortfall from that party’s business was the main factor.
Joe Greff: Great. That’s all for me. Thank you, guys.
Jim Murren: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling: Thanks. Two quick follow-ups. I just want to make sure I heard correctly to the last set of questions on your decision, Jim. I guess, first just to confirm, so you’ll – are you going to be staying on the board of MGP. And then secondarily, you mentioned finding the right successor or the best successor. And clearly, the business has changed significantly over the past two years and really over the past 10 years. So how does that inform how the board thinks about the right background of a successor versus maybe 10 years ago? Thanks.
Jim Murren: Sure. Bill and I joined the same month, I think, Bill in 1998. Corey was already here. We had whopping one and a half properties. We had the MGM Grand and half in New York. New York, I think we had about 4,000, 5,000 employees in total and obviously, a gaming centric organization. And we have through the collective energy of so many men and women that have been here or still here created this global entertainment company that is far more diverse than ever before. I think that an answer to the first question, I cannot get ahead or will not get ahead of the board search committee and process. I serve at the pleasure of the board. I’ve said that I will stay on in whatever capacity. I’m the Chairman of all those companies you mentioned as I’m the CEO, but it’s hard to say what will happen after that. But I do know is that the companies are better positioned now than they have ever been before, not only MGM Resorts, but MGP. In terms of the characteristics of a new CEO, again, that will be a process that the board and the search committee, a lot of management here will have some involvement in. But I think you’re on the right track in the sense that we are very diversified global entertainment company that expects to be able to evolve into a global experience, digital entertainment, sports company and be able to leverage what we’ve learned about running these large resorts and what we’re learning about the digital experience, which we believe is vastly under, if not at all, valued in the current securities of MGM. And so we’re devoting a tremendous amount of effort and time to our sports and entertainment initiatives. It’s certainly dragging down our P&L right now, but we are planting seeds, which we believe will yield tremendous growth in the future. And I’m sure, the board and the board members and the search committee will be looking at what MGM is going to look like five years from now, when they’re evaluating the kind of leader that MGM Resorts should have. And that really is why this is so rewarding a time for me that we’ve taken the company to where we are today. Our strategic plan as well known to us internally, we have the right men and women in place. Our real estate strategy is well defined and obviously has been more successful than anyone imagined. We’ve set the blueprint on how to continue to go down that path. And now it’s time for the board to work with board members, a search committee and stakeholders to find the right person that will take the company to ever greater height than even we are today.
Stephen Grambling: So that’s a good segue to a follow-up question just on sports betting. And as we look at the initial results of not only sports betting but iGaming gaming in New Jersey. Can you talk about your initial learnings in terms of the JV? How it frames the expectations for that longer term. And you mentioned some investments or spending ahead of growth. Now, are you at a point where that should start to moderate? Are you still in investment mode? Thanks.
Bill Hornbuckle: Stephen, hi, this is Bill Hornbuckle. Let me grab that one. Obviously, you can tell we’re still very bullish. We feel a little underappreciated given what’s happened in the marketplace. And some of the statistics are compelling and growing. We did over a $100 million last year in net gaming revenue. Our active player growth is up over 126% since June. Interestingly, we’ve taken a unique position because of our asset based here in Las Vegas and the experience we can offer. During Super Bowl by way of example, 8 of the top 10 bets in America are with Roar or MGM Resorts. We’re in four States, quickly to be an eight by year end. We have access into 16 and we have a view on six more that we hope to government affairs to open up led by Massachusetts. Candidly, our GBC Ventures with Roar went off to a slow start in New Jersey, a two mega companies trying to put themselves together. We’ve effectively done that. We now have 150 men and women working in New Jersey every day to push this forward. And I think we’re in a much better place than we were a year ago. I think, this Michigan is just passed. We hope to dominate and frankly, we should there. We’ve got a huge retail presence. It accepts online gaming and casino as well, which we think would be a unique opportunity. We have done and executed a deal with Buffalo Wild Wings and I think about Michigan alone of the 1,685 stores, they have 27 of them are in Michigan. We’ve got Yahoo Sports behind us, it’s now just unwinding and launching, they got 60 million sports viewers and 7 million of our in fantasy alone. And then in Las Vegas, literally next week, we launched BetMGM. We haven’t even launched a platform here yet. And so kiosks, a presence and an overview around BetMGM and both on an app and as well as a branding exercise throughout all of our sports books takes play over the next three months. And so we’re extremely aggressive. Look, order of magnitude, while it’s heavy – it’s not heavy capital. If this whole thing cost both partners $100 million, it will be a lot, it’s about $2 million state. If we invest over the next couple of years, $30 million each, that’s probably realistic. But we had hope by 2023 pushing into 2025 to go into profit and you’ve all looked at the analysts your own projections, if it’s a $10 billion market, which is short in some people’s examples and we own 15% of it, it’s $1.5 billion, you can do the margins on that. It’s a real business and it’s a real business before we take advantage of what brings us here in Las Vegas and what we’ve seen in Mississippi and to some degree now with Borgata. So extremely bullish on the whole thing.
Stephen Grambling: Helpful. Thank you so much. I’ll jump back in the queue.
Operator: The next question is from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, thank you so much. I was wondering if we could just return to the comments, Jim, you had on the Strip EBITDA margin. You said it would have been up 1.5 percentage points year-over-year if it wasn’t for Circus Circus, the baccarat situation and the insurance proceeds. But I’m just wondering if you could help us understand how much baccarat affected the flow through on the margins in the quarter. Just the missed on the EBITDA margin side was considerable even hold adjusted. So I’m trying to understand that better, especially, given the expectation for baccarat to stay weak. And along those lines, I was just wondering if there was anything you guys are doing on the cost side to mitigate the lower baccarat demand that you’re expecting.
Jim Murren: I’ll take part of it. Maybe all three of us have a different view. One good indicator is take a look at the mid market properties. And there you’ll see, where the flow through works, margin improvement, couple of real strong quarters there. And the margins on Far East baccarat in general are so high that it has an outsized impact on margin. And that’s what happened in the nutshell, at MGM, Aria and Bellagio, the underpinnings of those three properties outside of that segment, which is significant in the fourth quarter for them, were all very positive. We typically do most of our business in that field in December, literally last couple of weeks in December. So we had projected – we knew we had a tough comp year-over-year, but we had a very poor December at those properties, which had the impact on the margin. And so, I mean, I think that’s one answer to it. Corey, do you have any…
Corey Sanders: Felicia, of that EBITDA miss, I would say, wholly owned $13 million of it was a hold adjusted. Aria also had a pretty big piece. The rest is volume. And we had a pretty strong quarter of the year before from a volume perspective as we identified last quarter. When you look at that business, as Jim has mentioned, it’s really the premium Far East customer. The margins on that is pretty significant. So now the base goes down to a pretty low base, as we mentioned earlier, about 2% of EBITDA. So we shouldn’t have that headwind of trying to offset that $100 million of profit at a high fairly, let’s say 60%, 65% margin. And so the comparison becomes much easier. On the cost side, Bill, do you want to cover things were doing there.
Bill Hornbuckle: Look, overall I think mostly through 2020, you’ve all heard of the labor savings up over a $100 million, we remain there. The luxury properties have leaned into that heavily. We’ve got several initiatives ongoing with purchasing and many of the suppliers that we’ve secured. And so we are – all of that is clicking into play. It just got buried in this Far East story.
Corey Sanders: And we’re looking at our international offices, our international staffing to make sure that matches the volumes.
Jim Murren: Yes, I guess the bottom line on that is we lost $100 million of profit last year. We only made $35 million. That’s where we’re going up against this year, $35 million of profit last year. And what we were trying to help you with is kind of you – if you’re just getting back to your question, we’re just out Circus Circus obviously. And that one time of the insurance proceeds we’ve gotten a year ago and the baccarat impact, which is what Bill and Corey are talking about that hold and drop, our margins would have been up 150 basis points.
Corey Sanders: And the final thing I would add, on the non-gaming – we looked at our non-gaming margin improvement across all properties in Las Vegas, so we’re up over 1.2%. So we’re seeing the margin flow through in all the other areas. So that’s what gives us some confidence.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And it sounds like you’ve now like rebased so that top comps are kind of behind. And so when we think about our modeling going forward, we have that lower base.
Corey Sanders: Yes. There’s going to be a little bit in the first quarter, right. We talked about that, but that’s it. I mean, that’s…
Jim Murren: Not to the extent that we saw in the fourth quarter.
Corey Sanders: Yes. Not to the extent of fourth quarter but then that’s – it is where it is now. It will come back. We’ve been in this business a while but we’re just not predicting any recovery in the Far East business this year. We just can’t guess what that’s going to be.
Felicia Hendrix: Yes, that’s fair. And Grant – wake up, Grant, I have a question. So Grant, I know it was – Jim mentioned this a bit in his prepared remarks, but it was just kind of a quick sentence. Can you just talk to us a bit about what you were seeing pre-corona and I believe at the time, there’s some market share gains and stuff like that. So can you just tell us, before everything kind of close down what you were seeing?
Grant Bowie: Sure. Thanks Felicia. And I was awake. Actually this is probably one of the most – greatest tragedy. We were seeing some really positive as Jim said, we’re running at 2.5 for the period immediately into Chinese New Year. And with the Mansion online, we were way, way overbooked. We were actually not confirming any Mansion rooms because we just had a big list. So we were really in a very good place. All of the things we were looking at doing were really coming together. But I guess that’s what being in business is about. It’s about how you handle the adversity and now we just reset ourselves and we just want to move forward. But by and large, everything was moving in the right direction. We were still tracking positively on guidance – share guidance, particularly in the premium end of the market.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Harry Curtis with Instinet. Please go ahead.
Harry Curtis: Hello everyone. And first Jim, I’d just have to say thank you for all of the service that you’ve given to your company. And they’ll still be there for all our questions, but it’s been a great run. Thank you.
Jim Murren: Thank you, Harry.
Harry Curtis: Let’s see. The first question I had is really related to the weaker Asia baccarat. I’m just trying to understand, why it was such a surprise, was it due to competitive pressures. There were some thinking going into the end of the fourth quarter that Xi’s visit might have pushed business to Las Vegas. What are your hosts telling you about the source of the volume weakness and did some of it come back in the early part of January?
Bill Hornbuckle: So, Harry, this is Bill. Let me take a first crack at that. Look as alluded to last year, we had an amazing event in the fourth quarter with Tiger Woods versus Mickelson that netted us substantive amount of EBITDA. So comparative, it was difficult, put that into the mix. The second thing is, as you know, all year, our ability to get liquidity in and out of Macau and China has been hampered. We continue to look at ways to do that righteously. We have been disproportionately hurt. I would suggest to you that our marketing environment as such, we relied heavily on junkets and large scale customers. Our market share was well in the mid-40s for a considerable number of years based on we probably have more than $3 million customers and up in most. And I know we had more million dollars in customers and up in most. And those are the individuals most impacted by these – some of these liquidity issues. The interesting part of the year going into Chinese New Year, while it wasn’t last year and clearly anything like 2018, we still had a reasonable show up. We had a great event. We had a decent concert at the weekend following with about 6,000 folks in it. And it wasn’t a horrific event by any stretch given the circumstance and what had happened globally. So we remain optimistic that if we can get through, obviously, and we will get through what’s happening now in China and in Macau. And we – understand what can be accomplished with liquidity and getting those customers back to Las Vegas. The appetite’s there, our desire to go after them and the network we’ve created is there and will continue to succeed.
Harry Curtis: So as a follow-up, do you think that Beijing has put any roadblock in place that has impacted customer volumes?
Bill Hornbuckle: Well, I mean, as you know, in Macau, they’ve become very stringent on utilizing the casinos and junket operatives for accessing liquidity in and out of this market or any other market. I don’t want it, I won’t predetermine where that directive came from or if it was their own directive, but that is fact. And so I’ll leave it at that.
Harry Curtis: Okay. I just had one other quick one for Grant. You’ve got a pretty good crystal ball, Grant. And just I wanted to see if you had an opinion on what do you think the markers will be that Beijing wants to see before they begin allowing customers back into Macau?
Grant Bowie: Harry, I think the critical point is it’s going to be the spread of the infection, their sole and complete focus is about containing and eliminating this outbreak. And Macau government has taken very effective and decisive action. And indicators we’re giving is that the single measure of whether the – when the – firstly, the casinos will be reopened and then hopefully the ability for IVS will be put on board, it’s going to be about the containment of the virus. I think it’s just simple as that.
Harry Curtis: So it’s not a question of its just peaking. It needs to be eradicated.
Grant Bowie: Well, I’m not a virologist, so I think it’s just a question when the experts are comfortable that the cycle of the virus spread has been contained and they have it under control. It may also mean that the IVS program has not opened up as a single step, it may happen regionally. We’re just sitting working with the government to make sure that we take care of ourselves and take care of everyone else and that we are ready. Macau was in a very fortuitous position because of that decisive action from the government. We’ve had two infections, but we haven’t had any since the action taken by the Chief Executive and that we’re now up to eight to nearly 10 days without any further infection. So that’s the critical point. We need to make sure that Macau is safe and then we obviously continue to work and support the initiatives in China to make sure we can contain this within China.
Harry Curtis: All right. Well, fingers crossed and thanks everyone.
Corey Sanders: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, great. Thank you for taking my question. Maybe just one big picture strategic one and then maybe a follow-up on the whole baccarat piece but on the strategic question, Jim, some of the prepared remarks, you did mention some of the future – as you laid out some of the strategy I think. You laid out some of the future roadmap here for the stake in MGP. Could you help us like, or maybe elaborate a little bit of that, I believe you talked about both kind of a potential further reduction in stake and then ultimately changes in governance or your consolidation there? But could you give us a little bit more in either timing or the company’s willingness to maybe change some of the – maybe unilaterally change either the dual-class stock or some of the mechanisms that could trigger a deconsolidation because we do get a lot of questions as we’re sort of in process through all the big sort of asset-light movement here? And I think this would be helpful for investors.
Jim Murren: Sure. Well, first off, we are as the largest stakeholder of MGP its biggest supporters. And certainly the stock has done well since we developed the UPREIT a few years ago. Our economic ownership in MGP will be about 55% after the $1.4 billion OP unit redemption. And remember that’s down from our original 73% stake. And we are absolutely committed to ultimately owning far less of MGP on a going forward basis. And we are committed to deconsolidate MGP. We’ve always said that MGP continues to have the right path forward with the right management team and it will acquire quality assets outside of MGM and it will access the capital markets to do so. And that is a path to further reduce our stake in MGP. The OP unit redemptions for cash provide another path for us to reduce our stake and we’ll continue to look to monetize a portion of our equity stake as long as it is done in a manner that maximizes the benefits to both companies. Because I have to repeat, it’s important to note that MGM is still an important stakeholder there. You know that we have an agreement with MGP to redeem the $1.4 billion of cash at our election. When that’s exercised in flow, it still leaves us with zone around $5 billion worth of unit. Those units have varying tax basis and – but a sizable subset of the remaining units have a higher basis and can be sold in taxable transactions with manageable tax leakage. We’re not going to get into the details of it specifically, but I can say with great certainty that it is our goal to continue to help MGP thrive, help it grow a diverse quality portfolio of assets, make sure it does so with a strong balance sheet. Help it find partners as it has recently had found with Blackstone that can show future growth opportunities for MGP and inject more capital into MGP and find a way forward that MGP very deliberately becomes that independent corporate govern number one type of company that MGM Resorts is. We’re proud of where we stand with ISS at MGM Resorts. We take corporate governance seriously, independence. We take our commitment to shareholders seriously. And we have nothing but the clear direction for MGP to do so in this deliberate fashion. And I think that, we’ve proven that point of finding transactions that make sense for MGP, finding partners that could provide significant incremental value to MGP, making sure that MGP stakeholders, all of the stakeholders are treated fairly, ensuring that MGP has a strong balance sheet to provide a platform to grow in the future. And it is our goal to make sure that MGP, the company that we believe to be the premium by far best-in-class triple net in its space, will continue to be able to thrive because it does have the best assets in that industry. And because it has the best tenants of any other triple nets, a tenant in MGM Resorts that is only getting stronger every single day from its own balance sheet perspective. And so I think history in this case is a really good guide to the future. And we’ve made progress. We’re a bit ahead of our plan, we’re deliberate on this and we’re going to continue to move forward so that MGP could continue to grow, grow independently and be the best possible triple net it could be.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you for that. And then maybe as the follow-up, we’ve talked plenty about the baccarat business, but I think throughout some of the commentary, you guys also called out some specific investments in sports and entertainment but probably specifically on the sports side as some things are getting up and running. Could you perhaps either help us kind of call out or quantify either sort of what level of run rate were those numbers in the fourth quarter that we saw and probably much more importantly for folks, what kind of investment level are we looking at as we fast forward to kind of 2020 or maybe into 2021? And is that running through any of the divisional level P&L or is this all just stuff that we’re either seeing in corporate or somehow kind of elsewhere in the P&L?
Corey Sanders: Yes, Shaun. It’s Corey. It’s probably in little bit north of $10 million for the quarter. Most of it’s running through management and other, all of it’s running through management and other. It would either be through the unconsolidated joint venture with Roar or investments we’re making with regards to our sponsorships and team efforts there.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Corey, any thoughts on sort of next year budget of that kind of similar $10 million type number, is that a good quarterly run rate?
Corey Sanders: No, I think Bill gave a number on what we thought the investment – the additional investment would be in sports next year. And I think that’s a good number.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question will be from Thomas Allen of Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Congrats Jim on what has a long and successful career at MGM and no, you’re not going anywhere soon, but I just want to say thank you for your help over the years.
Jim Murren: Thank you. Thank you very much.
Thomas Allen: So look, there are a lot of moving parts in Vegas, so I just want to see if you could kind of level set expectations a little bit, at least for the first quarter given you do have some visibility into the first two months or the first month and a half of the quarter. So first quarter consensus for Vegas EBITDA is about $440 million, last year you did $400 million. Can you just kind of give us a sense of expectation?
Jim Murren: Well, I’ll give you some macros around what we see, if that helps. And we’ve been doing quite a bit of analysis on this. What we see first is strong population growth which is obviously significant for the local resorts out here, but also us. We see all-time highs in convention and meeting business. We see the prospect for strong McCarran business. We see events this year, we did not have last year. If anyone saw Nashville last year, in terms of the NFL, imagine what Las Vegas can do, of course, CON/AGG this quarter and The Raiders, everything leading up to The Raiders. Think about the Las Vegas Convention Center expansion. We’re really excited about the Sphere. I can’t wait to go to that. I think it’s important to know that our slot win last year was actually up 4% for the year. Our non-bac table games were actually flattish and we’re going to have a lot more impact on 2020 in the first quarter than we did in the fourth quarter. And so as that’s ramping up, you should model in the fact that we’re hitting our stride there. Conventions are important to the whole city. They’re important to us. It’ll be important to Mandalay Bay, which is returning back to its – really its full recovery. It’s kind of business as usual at Mandalay. We had very low attrition levels there in 2019, the lowest we’ve had a few years. And that’s starting to really build momentum. And there’ll be a lot more groups in Las Vegas starting in the first quarter than we had last year, not just because of the citywide but with Wynn, and Caesars expanding their spaces. That’s good news for the town. It’s bringing more people to town. We’re actually seeing some of that. And finally that leisure demand that we talked about, I know those are short booking windows, but they are illustrative of real-time demand and they have been very positive and of course the entertainment calendars is terrific. So, we are getting into cash flow numbers and guidance and we’ve talked why that we think this is a better approach toward communicating with investors. We have a pretty – well, a very broad view of what’s happening here in Las Vegas. And we like what we see in all of these metrics, save for that Far East baccarat business. But the domestic bac business, the domestic table business, slot business, the non-gaming business, combined with some real good trends in the rooms here in town, which of course creates nice flow through for everybody. And we’ll be amplified, at least for us this year because of really hitting our stride on our 2020 initiatives, which is ramping up fairly rapidly. Gives you a sense why we feel that there’s a significant pace of cash flows here in the first quarter that are superior to what we saw in the fourth quarter.
Bill Hornbuckle: And Thomas, just looking at the first quarter, the other thing that I think we didn’t cover Park is beginning to ramp and we liked the ramp that we’re seeing there. So between Park, last year, we hardly had any 2020 benefit and then you take the RevPar benefit, we should expect to see from Q1 in a strong convention quarter. I think even though we will not be giving guidance, we feel pretty good about the first quarter.
Thomas Allen: I think its probably – you guys spent a long time trying to get people to shift that focus away from RevPar growth and you put up 6% RevPar growth this quarter and had really strong RevPar the past few quarters. I assume that should continue to be strong, that’s not impacted by the Far East play and coronavirus isn’t having an impact on kind of the core trend. Is that a fair comment? And just talk about the convention mix for 2022, it would be helpful. Thank you.
Jim Murren: Yes. I mean, we’re going to stand by what we’re talking about. We see these strong macro trends. It was a great RevPar quarter, there’s no doubt about it. And I think what we’ve laid out here is – gives you the setup for nice growth, but beyond that, we’re not going to get too into it.
Bill Hornbuckle: Very minimal impact on corona.
Thomas Allen: Yes.
Catherine Park: We’ll take the last question, please.
Operator: The next question will come from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey guys and Jim, congratulations on your career. Just if I could when you guys look at the Las Vegas landscape today and think about the position that the company is in from a balance sheet perspective. Acknowledging that the buyback that you’re doing in the near-term here as well as the incremental $1.75 billion that will remain outstanding. All coupled with kind of your one-times domestic, I believe that’s an EBITDA number leverage correct after rent. How does M&A kind of play into that, given the fact that there could potentially be some assets on the strip that might fit nicely with the portfolio?
Jim Murren: Yes, we’re really not focused on M&A. We like what we own. We approach our portfolio in a way that, particularly pruning it as we have over the last several years. We like these assets. I don’t envision us being very focused on M&A going forward. I do believe that what we are looking at – where can we deploy capital in high ROI ways. We think that Japan, we think that’s sports. If we can help motivate some change in Yonkers and provide more of a gaming experience there, that certainly was part of the strategic basis that we acquired that asset. But that really is our focus right now is working toward reducing our asset, recycling that capital, getting that balance sheet absolutely – the best it’s been since I’ve been at the company right now and getting better. And getting ourselves so well positioned for whatever the world will bring in the future in recycling and returning that capital to the shareholders. 15% increase in the dividend today should send a message as well as the return on capital in the form of share repurchase. And that really is our focus. Delivering on the strategic plan of 2020, making sure that this operating model, which is the young model. We have men and women that are only recently been putting these strong leadership positions, making sure that they have the ability to thrive, finishing the execution of this real estate strategy and really devoting. And I’m going to spend awful lot of my time on sports and entertainment and on Japan, which I believe I could help the company best focus on those areas to create value for the future. So with that, I want to thank everyone first for calling in and just highlight a couple of points before we end. We are focused on the impacts of the coronavirus. And I think Grant said it well, we’re absolutely prioritizing the safety of our customers and our employees. But we feel that that situation will be managed and the company is well positioned given our diversification as a global company and our balance sheet strength. We’ve made a lot of meaningful progress with our real estate transactions, resulting in the $8.2 billion of net cash proceeds. And we’re using that dramatically reduce leverage to invest in places I just mentioned in Japan and in sports. We’re firmly on track to continue to announce additional real estate transactions this year. Our domestic business is very solid and we are very focused on these costs reductions, which we know will further support growth and EBITDAR and free cash flow per share. I want to thank you all for your support. I want to make it very clear I’m not leaving MGM anytime soon. And so I know for sure that I’ll be on the next call with you and I look forward to talking with you all between now and then. And with that, have a very nice day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Corey Sanders, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer; Bill Hornbuckle, President and Chief Operating Officer; Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. In fairness to all participants, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Please note, this event is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Aaron A. Fischer. Please go ahead.
Aaron Fischer: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International third quarter 2019 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at investors.mgmresorts.com and we have also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we’ll make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Federal Securities Law. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today’s press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During the call, we’ll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. I’ll now turn it over to Jim Murren.
Jim Murren: Well, thank you, Aaron. Good afternoon, everyone. I’d like to give a thank you to Grant Bowie for getting up early in Macau and to Bill Hornbuckle for also getting up early, Bill is in Japan and a special shout out to Cathy Park who is on maternity right now with her beautiful son but I am sure listening in to see how we do today. So, let's dive in. We had another busy and successful quarter with solid results that were in line with our expectations. Looking forward, we feel good about the fourth quarter and for the 2020 financial year given the continued execution of our MGM 2020 plan, healthy market conditions and the ongoing ramp of our newer properties. Before I get into the results, I want to start with the work of our real estate committee. If we recall the formation of that committee was in January and that was another step in a process we began back in 2016 when we formed MGT to begin to maximize the value of our own real estate assets. Since then, we've continued to shred non-core assets that do not align with our strategy while investing in assets that actually complement our strengths. The results of the committee's work with management and advisors supports and in fact accelerates our transition to an asset light business model. For MGM, asset light means separating the ownership of capital intensive lower return assets and recycling that capital into high ROI opportunities. The recently announced sales of Bellagio’s real estate to Blackstone and Circus Circus to Mr. Ruffen are important milestones to that end. And I think it's important to spend a moment focusing on Bellagio agreement. That transaction was the product of exhaustive analysis of our asset base and significant time spent on developing a structure that would maximize the value received for our shareholders, while minimizing friction costs. The Bellagio deal wasn't just the sale of a property, we've done that many times, but rather it represents one of the most sophisticated agreements this company has ever entered into, and a process that has led to a partnership with one of the world's leading real estate investors. These transactions were key steps but by no means the end of our journey. The Bellagio real estate transaction represents more to us than a smart financial deal. It provides a likely blueprint for the future. In fact, a process to monetize the real estate related to MGM Grand Las Vegas is now well underway, and we anticipate sharing more with you on that before the end of this year. We're confident that the Bellagio sales sets a new benchmark for gaming net lease transactions and will help us deliver the best possible outcome for MGM Grand. We would also of course will evaluate ways to maximize the value of MGM Springfield, our 67.7% stake in MGP, and our 50% stake in CityCenter. We’re really excited about the phase that we're in now. After a lot of work, we can see what our end state will be, and anticipated future MGM Resorts that does not need to own meaningful real estate assets. Monetization of our real estate assets will allow us to achieve a fortress balance sheet with very low core leverage while investing in high return, growth initiatives and simultaneously returning significant capital to shareholders. This asset light transaction and transition should result in meaningfully higher free cash flow per share, lower leverage and a more flexible financial structure that allows MGM to better capitalize on its core competencies as a developer, manager and operator of leading gaming and entertainment properties. With our unmatched portfolio of brands, leading customer database and expertise in managing hundreds of restaurant, shows, concerts and gaming concepts, we're confident that MGM is positioned to reward shareholders with continued growth. Between the Bellagio and Circus Circus Las Vegas transactions, we expect to receive estimated net cash proceeds of about $4.3 billion reflecting approximately $250 million to $270 million of cash taxes and about $250 million of the expected debt breakage costs and other transaction costs. We expect to use the majority of the proceeds from these initial transactions for debt reduction with the remainder for capital returns and given current market conditions, we expect to promptly utilize the remaining $750 million of our outstanding buyback authorization this quarter. So, now let's talk about our results. The third quarter came in as expected with consolidated net revenues up 9% and adjusted EBITDA up 14% year-over-year to $814 million. Here in Las Vegas results were solid driven by strong demand across all of our segments with the exception of Far East baccarat. Our convention business remains exceptionally robust, non-gaming revenues increased by 6% with RevPAR up 3.6% Gaming revenue declined by 3% with table games down 12% due to ongoing softness in Far East baccarat volumes. This was somewhat offset by slot revenues which increased 4% in our domestic table game business which was also up. Our Strip EBITDA increased by 5% to $441 million and on a hold adjusted basis, Strip EBITDA was up 6% year-over-year to $438 million. Our third quarter Strip EBITDA margins were 29.3%, up 40 basis points year-over-year. Our regional properties continue to perform well in the third quarter with net revenues up 20% and EBITDA up 27%, with the majority of the growth from the inclusion of MGM Springfield, Empire City and Northfield Park, National Harbor and Borgata both delivered strong results during the quarter. And once again, we're very proud of our regional portfolio with leading market positions in just about every market we're in. MGM China's net revenues grew by 22% $739 million and adjusted property EBITDA was up 40% to $182 million due to the continued ramping of MGM Cotai. This represents we believe excellent performance given the various disruptions in that marketplace. By property, MGM Macau achieved EBITDA of $102 million, down 14% year-over-year which reflects weakness in the market. MGM Cotai continued its ramp with $80 million of EBITDA, a 48% increase compared to the $54 million in the second quarter. Our Mansion product is ramping up very nicely. The VIP segment continues to have some challenges but does not represent a significant portion of our cash flows there and we gained market share in mass market, which remains very resilient and of course as always Grant will be on the line to answer your questions. We continue to make excellent progress on our MGM 2020 plan during the quarter achieving all of our targeted savings and revenue enhancements, some of which were on an accelerated basis. As a result of MGM 2020 initiatives, we were able to achieve revenue initiatives and cost savings of approximately $50 million during the quarter. We continue to be on track to hit $100 million in adjusted EBITDA uplift this year and increasingly confident that we will meet or beat our $200 million adjusted EBITDA uplift goal by the end of next year. Of course Corey is here to provide any detail around that. Looking out further, the fundamental backdrop in Las Vegas remains encouraging and we see healthy demand in nearly all of our business segments. Our convention bookings in Las Vegas continue to shape up nicely and we are on actually on track to hit a record mix of convention room nights this year of 20% for the full year 2019 despite citywide convention nights being down in the fourth quarter. And 2020 is expected to be a particularly strong year for the convention business in Las Vegas given favorable citywide rotations such as CON/AGG and of course we're also excited that this city will be hosting the NFL draft for the first time. And while leisure booking windows are naturally always shorter, we also see favorable trends there in 2020, which particularly support our legacy properties. The Far East baccarat business continues to remain a challenge here in Las Vegas. And of course, we also face a tough comparable from the prior years’ quarter when volumes were strong but our live entertainment calendar in the fourth quarter remains extremely strong with the return of Lady Gaga and Aerosmith at Park Theater and of course we're excited about the opening of our latest Cirque du Soleil show run at Luxor. We also have a strong sports calendar with two boxing events one this weekend, the Alvarez fight and the Deontay Wilder and Luis fight coming up plus of course Vegas Golden Knights games, the PBR World Finals and UFC 245. And with the current NFL season underway, we're getting closer to the opening of the Raider Stadium next year, which will be a very positive catalyst for our South Strip properties notably Mandalay Bay and Luxor. By the end of 2020 through continued execution of our asset light strategy, we intend to have domestic net financial leverage of approximately 1 times excluding MGP. On a consolidated basis, we expect to be between 3 to 4 times and on a leased adjusted basis leverage 4 times. We also remain on track to achieve our stated goals of $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion in consolidated adjusted EBITDA and adjusted free cash flow per share of $3.50 by the end of next year. This will be driven by healthy market conditions in Las Vegas and I think our regional properties, the ongoing ramp of newly opened properties, the benefits of our MGM 2020 plan and our disciplined capital allocation strategy. As we have been discussing, our major capital projects are complete and all of our resorts have never been in better condition. And accordingly, our CapEx is dramatically lower which will result in accelerating free cash flow. We remain focused on opportunities that we believe will create long-term shareholder value including Japan, sports betting and by continuing to evaluate and execute on transactions that unlock the value of our real estate. Just yesterday, we were excited to announce a partnership with Yahoo Sports. Our goal is to have the most comprehensive in interactive sports betting platform in the industry. By combining the retail and sports betting operations of MGM and Roar, which is our joint venture with GVC, with Yahoo's fantasy sports and digital content network, we are creating a very dominant partnership. We believe that when people watch, experience and consume sports content, they will be motivated to bet on sports and everyone I just mentioned will benefit from that. And when you combine two world-class brands such as MGM and Yahoo who both share similar philosophies regarding sports-related content, you have an opportunity to create the ultimate user experience. And part of our sports strategy is driving increased visitation into our properties. Yahoo's 60 million users will now be able to experience what MGM Resorts is all about. We're bringing the best of our Las Vegas and regional properties to them online. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to the operator for our Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joseph Greff: Good afternoon everybody. My first question is the question I wanted to touch on Jim you kind of touched on as well about the, about looking at monetizing the real estate of the MGM Grand. Can you talk about, I guess why that maybe taking longer or was outside of the real estate committee recent sizable activities? And then can you then talk about maybe the timeline for proactively monetizing and seeking additional value from some of the other real estate that you referenced on slide 6 of the presentation of the earnings deck?
Jim Murren: Sure, Joe. First on MGM Grand, management and the board of MGM felt very strongly that the best way forward here was to create precise execution on our most valuable asset. We were evaluating all of them, all at the same time but we felt rather than trying to accomplish everything at once, the best way forward was to focus on Bellagio, particularly when we got into an exclusive phase with Blackstone and we were able to work together very constructively with that organization to achieve frankly a multiple on rent that was inconceivable even earlier this year, let alone a year ago. As you know, Joe, last trade of Las Vegas Real Estate was at 14.25 times and we achieved 17.3. That's three turns, that’s $750 million more of value to the MGM shareholders because we focused on our prime asset with the best possible counterparty. And so we felt strongly that that would set a benchmark and provide a blueprint for transactions for the MGM Grand which is equally valuable, no doubt one of the premier assets here in Las Vegas, a top five profit performer for over a decade. And now, we've turned our sights to that. And because of the work we've done over the last several months on Bellagio, it makes the timing and the work streams for MGM quicker and a lot easier. And so, we believe that this was the best form of execution to tackle projects one at a time and with deliberacy which has led to these gross proceeds and more importantly, or equally importantly, net proceeds that we've achieved. So that's why we decided on Bellagio and now we're moving into MGM Grand and of course, we'll be evaluating our EBITDAR OP units, our MGP stake, MGM Springfield, etcetera in due course. The second half your question was what is on the – could you repeat that, Joe?
Joseph Greff: Maybe talk about the timetable for items beyond the MGM Grand.
Jim Murren: Oh. So, we expect to close the Bellagio real estate transaction and Circus Circus, Las Vegas this quarter by the end of this year. We expect that we'll be to, we’ll be able to talk to you all about how we're going to how we're going to transact the MGM Grand Las Vegas Real Estate, we expect to be able to tell you that by the end of this year, which obviously would bring you into early 2020 before most likely any transaction will be completed there. And it's not mutually exclusive to the other real estate related work that the committee is doing and management is doing. So, expect more to come over the coming months in early part of 2020.
Joseph Greff: Great. And then my follow up Jim and this might be counter to a lot of things that you're talking about but maybe just to kind of get this out there. Maybe you could discuss your appetite in acquiring [indiscernible] in conjunction with other real estate activities and if it’s leverage neutral, particularly if it's in a market that you're currently in and geographically makes sense.
Jim Murren: Sure. We're not engaged in any M&A right now Joe. We're not interested in acquiring anyone else's assets at this point in time or anyone else’s operations. We're really focused on what's in front of us right now. We think that's the best use of our time and our board's time but we are a dynamic company. We’ll look at things as they present themselves over time but I would not want anyone to believe that we're looking at any of that over the near term.
Joseph Greff: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Hi thanks. I guess one follow up on the asset sales, are those changing – how you think about capital expenditures at the property level and or how you're prioritizing investment renovations?
Jim Murren: Not at all. No. As a triple net we and as the operator of these assets that actually is – make these decisions very easy for us because the real estate transactions themselves are relatively once you get the leases worked out straightforward financial transactions. The capital that will go into the properties is within our control and will be consistent with the capital spend that we have deployed over the history of the properties. That was something that obviously our counterparty with Bellagio, got very comfortable with given the amount of investment we've put into Bellagio since MGM acquired Bellagio in connection with Mirage Resorts way back in May of 2000. So, we've been the operator of Bellagio for most of its life, 19 years of it, over 19 years of its life and we are going to be the operator of it based on a lease for about 50 years whoever's here at that time and we'll continue to invest in the properties whether they're wholly owned properties or whether they’re leased to a third party. And as I said earlier, they're most likely going to be leased to somebody else.
Stephen Grambling: Helpful. And then maybe changing gears to Macau, looks like you're seeing a nice ramp in Cotai. But can you talk to any cadence over the quarter, any impact as you see it from the situation in Hong Kong maybe how that might dictate how that will ramp as the year progresses? Thanks.
Jim Murren: Thanks. Actually the Hong Kong situation is somewhat independent of us but I think obviously, it’s a little bit confusing we haven't seen any direct impact. I think visitors are starting to change their travel strategies. So, we just got to keep our, keep our things valuable and make sure we promote [indiscernible] unfortunately a separate destination and make sure that we can allow those customers to come in and get in and out of, out of Macau effectively. So, nothing really there.
Stephen Grambling: Thanks, I'll jump back in the queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas Allen: Hey. So, just starting on capital allocation, so obviously, you're bringing in a lot of proceeds through the asset sales over $4 billion. Can you say – tell us like your strategy or your methodology about balancing buybacks with taking down leverage. Thank you.
Jim Murren: Sure. First it’s – I think it's important to reiterate what we believe our end state is and how – it’s – we are here that we are actually can see the end state which is going to happen over the next year or two. The end state is that MGM Resorts is going to be asset light. It will continue to invest in assets because it will continue to invest in the properties, all the properties that we operate. And it will make investments into bricks and mortar and into technology but in areas we believe will be higher return on investment investments than simply owning static real estate and it will be done on a more of a global basis with an emphasis not only on our gaming properties that we operate but also on non-gaming hotels, on sports, on technology on entertainment. So, that's the end state. In terms of you know why that's important is we believe there's a large experienced economy out there that MGM Resorts and certainly not our competitors, are actually tackling properly in these areas of entertainment and sports in Japan, etcetera. We believe to best do that for shareholders, we should reduce, significantly reduce our financial leverage. And so, it's an overarching priority to get that core leverage, that financial leverage down to 1 times by the end of next year. We believe we can do that while repurchasing shares and focusing on our dividend and investing in Japan and investing in sports through joint ventures and otherwise. And we look at it all holistically. But it means being very disciplined on capital allocation, focused on that debt reduction, returning capital shareholders as we have been doing in the form of dividends and share repurchase, in making sure that we don't have less financial flexibility but actually have more financial flexibility, particularly because we're in the later stages of this economic expansion. And as we grow our earnings base, over a reduced number of shares, it will have the impact of accelerating our free cash flow. And so, we look at it in holistically and we believe that given the assets we have, both what we have announced, but based on what we've announced the blueprint that we have achieved for future transactions, we're going to be able to very effectively achieve that over the next 12 to 18 months.
Thomas Allen: Thanks, Jim. Helpful color. And then just on CityCenter, you did $110 million for EBITDA and respecting that you had high hold, I mean that's the fourth quarter in a row that you've been generating pretty strong EBITDA there. Can you just talk about, update us on how you're thinking about where you can grow that property, EBITDA too, and kind of what's driving the success? Thanks.
Jim Murren: Well, ARIA and Vdara, all CityCenter of course, opened in the worst possible time. And it's right now next month celebrating its 10th anniversary. So, out of the great recession came a property that a lot of people were dismissive of and counted out 10 years ago, it’s now one of the most profitable resorts in Las Vegas, and we believe will continue to be so and in fact, accelerate its profitability because it's new, we continue to reinvest in it, and we have been investing in areas where we had gaps before. We did not have the right restaurant product when we opened up. We've been changing that very dramatically with great success. We did not have enough convention space. We just dramatically expanded the convention space there, and we have other ideas to increase its meetings capabilities which will drive revenue. We had a poor performing show but now we have T-Mobile Arena and we have Park Theater, and we have a lot of entertainment that ARIA and Vdara benefit from, without having to have it on the campus. And we've been driving, consistently driving casino business through an improved loyalty program and frankly, better brand awareness of the brand new brand called ARIA. As we evolve into our digital work that we'll be talking to you a lot more about in coming quarters, investing more in loyalty, we think that will accrue to the benefit of all of our properties particularly our Strip properties, and particularly ARIA because it's relatively new and still does not gain some of the casino business, it could vis-à-vis say Bellagio or MGM on the high end. And so, yes we're proud of what's happening there but we believe that from a delta perspective there is probably more room to grow cash flows at ARIA than most any of our properties.
Thomas Allen: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Shaun Kelly of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelly: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Jim maybe just to start maybe to stick with the capital allocation component. I believe in the prepared remarks you said something about promptly using your outstanding buyback authorization later on in this quarter. Obviously there were some pretty substantial share repurchase in the quarter. Could you just maybe give us a little bit more color? Is this sort of the right run rate? I think it was around $350 million this quarter or can it accelerate with some of the proceeds that come in when you actually close on the Bellagio and Circus?
Jim Murren: I think it will accelerate.
Shaun Kelly: Okay, great. And then a second one is probably for a follow up but more for Corey. Just kind of digging into the 2020 plan, I believe the mentioned in the prepared remarks was around you already being at about a run rate of approximately $50 million in the in the quarter for contribution there. Could you help us a little bit more with sort of the timing or run rate or bridge on that because I think as we look at kind of core operating expenses we would have thought they could have been maybe a little like lower year-over-year at least in Las Vegas. You did see a little bit of margin expansion but up against a fairly easy comp. So, any color you can give us on that would be helpful. Thanks.
Jim Murren: Sure Shaun on the margin expansion, leap in mind it was definitely impacted by the Far East play. If you exclude that, that was about 60 basis points. We’re up about 0.1 on the Strip. The core properties are really where you're seeing it because there's less noise in this straight away. Comparable business, they're up almost 300 basis points on margin. So, from that perspective, we're really happy with where the flow through is. Keep in mind the Strip is going to have increased expense because of Park MGM and the expansion of the food and beverage restaurants and really the full opening of the hotel, which will distort that. When we look at it in particular, excluding Park MGM we're down about a 1,000 FTEs on the Strip. And so, we're pretty confident at least we're seeing on the labor savings on that. As we mentioned – as Jim mentioned in his prepared remarks, we had $50 million of recognizable savings in the third quarter sorry. And we’re seeing – we like what we see going into the fourth quarter. We have the fixed labor nailed, the variable labor components are in process, including the technology pieces and we've found some other opportunities in scheduling and in forecasting. The purchasing side is also going pretty strong. That's – that will come through monthly, so you'll start seeing. As we ramp up in some of those areas, you'll start seeing some increases in there. And I would expect the fourth quarter to be better than the $50 million.
Shaun Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Thanks a lot. Jim, can we go back to your asset light strategy and just on MGP, you've talked a lot over the time about reducing the ownership there. I'm just wondering mechanically like if you get a low majority ownership, how would you treat capitalized rent or how would you think about that that you would have – that would remain on your books as you divest that?
Jim Murren: Sure. So let's first start with MGP, and then maybe I'll turn it to Corey or something we could talk about capitalized, the lease or Aaron, or me, I can do it too. First, MGP when we created a few years ago, we were very focused on ensuring that we were disciplined around asset quality and tenant quality. And as you remember, we brought that public, I think it was $21 a share, it's done pretty well. But what we're most proud of is it’s stuck to its core strategy of not going out and buying a bunch of broken down stuff someplace and degrading its tenant quality. And that, I believe MGP is going to continue to be very focused on. James Stewart and Andy are very lasered in on not only the financial characteristics of MGP, but the quality of its portfolio. Clearly, MGM Resorts is incented to encourage MGP to grow and if it came down to a transaction between a third party and MGP, we're always going to favor MGP in a close race. And there's a lot we can do that's mutually beneficial to MGM Resorts and MGP. As MGP continues to acquire assets but only quality assets, as it continues to do so, it will access the capital markets and in doing so will reduce our stake in MGP. We would also look for other opportunities over time to monetize some of our equity stake as long as it was done in a capital efficient manner. MGM Resorts is not wedded to any particular ownership of MGP. We've stated that at least in the near-term, our near term goal is to get under 50% but that won't be the end state. We will very likely own far less of MGP than that on a going forward basis. And so, I think the way, I would look at it is MGM Resorts has a strategy. The strategy has become asset light. It is executed on one stage of that at a multiple higher than anyone could have predicted here at Bellagio. It sets us up very well to work on multiple other transactions, which include wholly-owned real estate, jointly-owned real estate and MGP itself. MGP owns more quality real estate on the Las Vegas Strip than anybody else and it's certainly being mismarked in the marketplace given where the trade was just announced with Bellagio even if you assume any kind of discount between Bellagio and the MGP portfolio. We would never – you would never assume it would be as wide as it currently is. And so, we believe that there is a lot of future for MGP and MGM Resorts has no pre-disposed view on how much it owns or whether it owns any at all. We also think the Blackstone deal is very important because it proves out the point that MGM is more than happy to transact with a third party on a lease in highly negotiated lease terms with someone as sophisticated as Blackstone where MGM has very little ownership in that new joint venture. We’ll have 5% of the joint venture equity ownership.  And I think that should be illustrative of how we view MGP and any other third party going forward is we do not have to control or even own a majority or even own anything at all of the landlord as long as we can control the capital expenditures, the operations, the marketing of the resorts that we believe are dominant. And push on [ph] consolidation as long as we still own the golden share and we remain over 30% ownership we continue to consolidate MGP on our financial statements. If it drops below there, then we would end up with the EBITDAR type presentation.
Felicia Hendrix: Right. And then – but you also have the – it's not financial leverage but you have that leverage on your balance sheet. So, I'm just wondering how you're rectifying that, was kind of going more towards delevering story?
Jim Murren: We're still focus as we look at leverage and on the core operational stuff, we talked about 1 time in general consolidated, we're still focused between the 3 to 4 times. As long as we continue to consolidate MGP that's still in our targets.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yeah. And, of course, we've been in constant contact that Corey has and Jim Freeman with the rating agencies and we'll continue to focus on both consolidated leverage, lease adjusted leverage that either meet or exceeds, improves our preexisting financial targets. So everything that we’re doing is for that.
Felicia Hendrix: Just so as we model that and kind of figure out scenarios in the future and how a variety things could look like, if we were thinking about significantly reduced financial leverage but having leased adjusted leverage, we should still use that kind of 3 to 4 times total.
Jim Murren: That's correct.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And then just with the debt paydown, some of your longer dated bonds have pretty pricey make whole provisions, so I'm just wondering if you're looking at that as a foregone cost to any transactions?
Jim Murren: We have anticipated what we're going to do in the debt markets with the debt and also friction costs that we gave you just now. And obviously, we’d be focusing on the near-term maturities where the premiums are lower.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. so you would likely – so, because I think some people might assume that if there was another transaction that you were just kind of use all that to pay down debt. But again, you're getting into some of the longer dated stuff so maybe you might wait. Is that fair to assume?
Jim Murren: We're going to look at everything and I don't think it's prudent for us to lay out our strategy on the call.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate that. And then just finally on Japan, I'm assuming that would not be – I mean that would be a JV, but that would not be asset light.
Jim Murren: Not initially, no.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, guys. Thank you. Corey, I know you talked about it a little bit just in terms of the$50 million. Is it fair to assume I think on the last call you guys talked about 60% in Vegas, 30% in the regionals and 10% at corporate. Is that kind of fair representation of the $50 million in the 3Q?
Jim Murren: Yeah, I think I would say regionals are probably about around 25%. You're going to end up getting about 5% that ends up at City Center. So, it's about 65% that actually impacts the Vegas market in total .
Carlo Santarelli: Okay. Got it. And then Jim on the last call, you talked a little bit about kind of this year and obviously I think at the time you were talking about a consensus number for the Strip, that was around $1.7 billion. You obviously called out some tailwinds, some things that are beneficial in the fourth quarter as well as kind of a continued well-articulated VIP or high end Far East play that's kind of been a little bit of a headwind. As we think about the near term 4Q and into 1Q are you still pretty comfortable with the overall outlook?
Jim Murren: We are. We are comfortable with the Las Vegas consensus. We have – the only thing to think about as hold as whole beyond our control. Year-to-date, we've had I think about less than a $15 million negative hold impact. But yes, we're comfortable where the street is. I think the street is around $1.7 billion Aaron?
Bill Hornbuckle: $1.7 billion, yes.
Jim Murren: Yeah.
Carlo Santarelli: And then…
Jim Murren: And the reason – just why we're comfortable with that, obviously, we're three quarters into it. We're in the fourth quarter we see what our business looks like in the fourth quarter. The convention and entertainment business is very solid this quarter. As just mentioned by Corey we're ramping up the MGM 2020 plan, so that – all that's within our control and that makes us comfortable that that will offset any ongoing weakness Far East play.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, that's helpful. And then just, I noticed in your presentation or I think in the release actually, there seems to be a change in the methodology of how you guys are adjusting for your hold levels. It seems like baccarat is an additional element and it looks like maybe that methodology was changed in the 1Q and to 2Q. Just holistically. could you kind of talk through what went into the thinking?
Jim Murren: Sure. As we look at our business and the mix of business between baccarat and non-baccarat, and also look at our competitors, we felt that there was a better way to look at it and we think our competitors probably look at it this way. So, starting Q3, what we’ve done is we've broken out between baccarat and non-baccarat. The normal – the range in baccarat is 25% to 35% which is normalized in the midpoint there would be 30 and on non-bacc, we're about 19% to 23% with the normalized range being around 21%. And so in the past, we've just used a blended rate and compared or hold that way. We think is more consistent with our biggest competitors on the Strip.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you very much.
Jim Murren: Yeah, that's some good feedback we actually have gotten from a lot of you. So, that's why we made the move.
Carlo Santarelli: Yeah, for sure. Thank you, Jim. Thanks, Corey.
Jim Murren: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question is from Harry Curtis with Instinet. Please go ahead.
Harry Curtis: Hi, good afternoon. Wanted to start in Vegas. Going back to 2015, your Vegas margin was around 26% and after the implementation of PGP, you've got pretty close to a 500 basis point lift. And the question is, what's a reasonable expectation for MGM 2020? You're starting from a higher level and so, is it, is it, is it reasonable to think that you can at least get half of what you got from PGP and is it sustainable?
Jim Murren: Yeah, Harry I think to your point we are at the higher level, so getting that first 500 basis points was a lot easier comparison but what we do believe is that as I've – as I mentioned we’re seeing about 31% at the core properties. Our goal and we believe based on our program that we should be able to get to that 32% and that's even with costs increase with the union and labor increases. So, we feel pretty comfortable with that number.
Harry Curtis: Very good.
Jim Murren: Yeah. And I think, I think maybe – Harry I just add to Corey’s which is a lot of the investments we're making now are investments that we think are much higher margin investments than what we were able to achieve back 5 to 10 years ago, particularly around loyalty, digital marketing, technology. So, as we move into this – the end state of asset light it's not just reducing our bricks and mortar intensity it's actually increasing our human capital our human bricks and mortar to drive what we believe to be accelerating revenue and higher margins. So, it's not so much a PGP like plan which was a cost cutting plan at its core. This is an operating model change and a focus on investing where we believe we can increase the utility of the buildings that we operate and drive revenue and higher margins that way.
Harry Curtis: Very good. I wanted to ask Grant a question. You gained a reasonable amount of share, revenue share sequentially and I guess my question is particularly with the premium customer, what are the challenges of getting mass trial met premium mass trial? Your run rate this year and in EBITDA is somewhere around $750 million between the two properties, which is about 25% below your target. So, walk me through how you overcome the challenges to get to that billion dollar target. Thanks.
Jim Murren: Thanks, Harry. Well, I think the first thing is we need to get everything up and running. The Mansion is now online and all the villas are now available; getting really positive responses for that. And as we've mentioned before, that's now allowed us to move into another segment that we've really not been able to penetrate. And the progress of adding value in that – to that segment is actually going well. We're getting huge trial in excess of 20% of the business for the quarter, directly attributed to Mansion as new business, not seems like before. So, that's really the critical point for us. On that one Harry you've got to basically pitch it to every component. In terms of the other areas we're also trying to balance it up about not getting our reinvestment right ahead of ourselves and that's something we're also very careful about. In terms of run rate though just to follow on from the comment, once you start getting the main summit it start to build and we're starting to see continued strength in that premium mass business coming into the fourth quarter. There's still some on the business transitioning out of some VIP business to mass but that's really what we're focused on is making sure that the products right, we target ourselves but at the same time balancing up the reinvestment costs. But clearly, the one thing that would give us all a big lift would be some market growth. And that's what all of us are looking for at the moment. So, the critical point to getting to that $1 billion number is it’s tied back, ultimately testing the market growth and I think we're all looking to see and once we get through these challenging few months now, that that sometime during the course of 2020, we're going to see some real growth back in the market.
Harry Curtis: Just a quick follow-up on that last sentence. Do you think that or do you think there's going to be or how much of a positive impact would you expect from the operation of the light rail and then the beginning of high speed rail expansion down to the Hanshin [ph] stuff?
Jim Murren: I think all of those things are incremental now, Harry. I don't think there's any one – I've said to a number of people that Macau was starting to become more of a mature market. Yes, we're still well underpenetrated in China and the market is still strong, but the characteristics about the single event having a significant impact, it’s just not there. And it's just a question of applying pressure to all of the levers all of the time, keeping our costs in control and making sure that we just take advantage of all the opportunities that arise.
Harry Curtis: Thanks, everyone. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question will be from John DeCree with Union Gaming. Please go ahead.
John DeCree: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Jim, I wanted to go back to the real estate discussion a little bit since it's most popular today, and potentially a number of strip assets potentially coming on the market for sale, and you've just gone through two processes, potentially another one. I was curious if you could talk a little bit about the type of demands for Las Vegas Strip assets that you're seeing in bound. I'm sure there was no lack of interest in the Bellagio and just wanted to get your thoughts on the number of interested parties. And then the follow up would be, Blackstone obviously paying a full multiple for Bellagio but a long term partner if you could talk a little bit about some of the other deciding factors other than valuation that that maybe put you in Blackstone together?
Jim Murren: Sure. The two transactions we announced really had two different objectives but accomplish the same thing in terms of moving toward an asset light strategy. I'll take the smaller one first. Circus Circus as you know was part of the Mandalay Resort Group acquisition way back in 2005. The property was performing extremely well and then the great recession hit and Circus struggled mightily. And we're immensely proud of the men and women there, many of them are there today that brought that property back to a very high level of performance but Circus was never going to be really strategic to MGM Resorts because it doesn't add a customer segment that we don't already adequately account for. And so, the focus on that was to find a very good home for Circus Circus. And of course we have high degree of respect for to Mr. Ruffin. We transacted with them before. He lives here in town. He's invested in Las Vegas and he has some really exciting plans for Circus Circus. That was important to us because we were intending and will sell the entire enterprise including the land. And we do believe that the northern Strip has got a great future with the convention expansion, with Resorts World, hopefully the Drew and, of course, ideas that Mr. Ruffin has on Circus. The Blackstone transaction was very different in the sense that we had never contemplated, we’d never contemplate in selling Bellagio outright. We didn't want to transact with the real estate. And by bringing the Real Estate Committee together and spending the time to really understand, not only what our tax basis was at this property, but what our legal options were and what a lease could look like and how we could minimize the friction costs, while still retaining some key decision rights. We landed on this joint venture concept which, of course, is innovative, first of its kind, where we will retain a 5% equity ownership in the real estate of Bellagio, selling 95% of it to a subsidiary of Blackstone. Blackstone certainly was not the only counterparty we talked to. The net was pretty wide and it zeroed in to a half a dozen or so extremely well-known, very sophisticated, deep-pocketed real estate owners. But we concluded that the best course of action was to focus on Blackstone to try to get the most precise execution. I think we’ve done that. We took the time also to create a blueprint for other transactions. And that is having the predicted outcome which is companies like Blackstone and Blackstone themselves continued to be interested in Las Vegas real estate, but really only on quality Las Vegas real estate. And of course we own most of the quality Las Vegas real estate including MGM Grand Las Vegas. So, one, the blue print we're proud of it, and we think it can be adapted. Secondly, there are a number of counterparties that would be interested. We've done a lot of work already. And by taking our time we've also benefited from increasingly low interest rates which has – and high access to capital markets which also increases valuation. So we are not interested at this point in time and acquiring assets. We're not looking to acquire any other – anyone else's assets. We're looking to monetize the assets that we own either jointly or in whole. And I think that the blueprint is now well established and you're going to see us use that blueprint in a relatively deliberate, prompt fashion on MGM and perhaps other assets.
John DeCree: Thanks, Jim. I think that answers all my questions. Appreciate it.
Operator: Next question will be from David Katz with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Katz: Hi. Good evening and thanks for taking my question. Just thinking about the MGP stake, my question and follow-up is, is there a path to lowering MGM's stake in that other than MGP going out and buying something and using the capital markets to raise equity? And then if that were to occur what does – well, obviously that triggers a number of different things within the MGM model. And I think Felicia was getting at this earlier. Paint us a picture of what that looks like. Should you get below – I think Corey you said 30% where it would be a deconsolidated entity and what is the balance sheet look like then?
Jim Murren: Well, I'll tackle the first part and kind of – the second answer is to be determined. I don't think we have enough inputs that we are prepared to share to give you a kind of satisfying answer to that unless Corey has a better answer than what I just gave. I think the important point to make there is that we will own less of MGP because we see – what's on the horizon for MGP and the pipeline of transactions that we know they're looking at that could be done productively and accretively for MGP, which would we believe and only would be done if we believe this would be well received by the markets and therefore be able to access the capital markets, so we will reduce our stake. That's, that's a very clear scenario we foresee. In terms of other ways of reducing our stake in MGP, there are other ways but our focus right now is on what we've talked about, monetization of the real state of MGM, monetization of our other jointly owned real estate, executing on the Blackstone transaction, which who knows could lead to other transactions with that entity or other entities like Blackstone, executing on the Circus Circus transaction, and MGP whether or not they participate in MGM Grand which is entirely possible, in fact more than likely, would therefore be a part of our reduction of our equity ownership of MGP. But I don't think we're prepared to give an end state to what our balance sheet or theirs would look like on a post deconsolidated basis.
Bill Hornbuckle: What I would say obviously is if they're not consolidated with us, there they have the highest rate leverage ratio right now and obviously given our one times US operation and where we are in China, we would expect our balance sheet leverage to go down even further.
Jim Murren: Even with -- sorry, go ahead.
David Katz: Even, I mean I think part of what where Felicia was headed was you would consolidate the MGP debt, but you would then be replacing it in some sense with a lease obligation now that MGP is deconsolidated and all likelihood potentially right.
Jim Murren: Yes, yes. And think about it kind of simply we’ll reduce, we're eliminating near-term maturities, bank debt bonds and replacing it with long-term low cost capital in the form of leases. Just, if we did nothing else but that seems to be a very smart financial strategy given the stage of the economy that we're in right now. But by reducing our financial leverage and focusing on consolidated leverage and lease adjusted leverage which we've talked about all three, we believe we're strengthening the company's balance sheet and actually redeploying capital in a better return fashion.
David Katz: Got it. Thank you very much I appreciate it.
Jim Murren: Okay. I think that seeing the time is a bit past, I want to just sum up by saying thank you for being on the call. We had a satisfying third quarter. As I said it's in line with our expectations. Our convention business, a key driver of the health of Las Vegas was strong in the third quarter will be strong for us in the fourth quarter and into next year. We've made great progress on MGM 2020. We're proud of Grant and the team's stronger ramp in Cotai. And we're delivering on our operating targets. We have a positive outlook for the current quarter. We're on track to hit the 2020 targets that we've mentioned for EBITDA, free cash flow per share and leverage. We're also delivering on our financial targets. We continue make excellent progress on our real estate. We know the positive impact they will have on our balance sheet, our free cash flow per share and our ability to execute on our targeted growth initiatives. And with that I want to thank you for dialing in and as always we'll be around for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief executive Officer; Corey Sanders, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer; Bill Hornbuckle, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are on a listen-only mode. After the company’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. In fairness to all participants, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Catherine Park. Please go ahead.
Catherine Park: Thank you, Chad. Good afternoon and welcome to the MGM Resorts International second quarter 2019 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at investors.mgmresorts.com and we have also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we’ll make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today’s press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During the call, we’ll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find a reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release and investor presentation which are available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. I’ll now turn it over to Jim Murren.
James Murren: Well, thank you, Cathy, and good afternoon, everyone. We had a fairly straightforward quarter with minimal deviations one way or another. We’re extremely busy on executing on our MGM 2020 plan. Our operating model transition is complete, and our headcount reductions as part of this transition is now behind us. We continue to make progress with our real estate committee and we hope to report back to you in the coming months. As we look to the future, we expect to benefit from quite a few tailwinds with improving property earnings, strong Las Vegas macro trends and MGM 2020 benefiting us in the back half of this year and into next year. This gives us the confidence in our ability to hit our financial targets next year, and as an example of this confidence, we bought back 11 million shares in the second quarter alone. So let’s get into the second quarter. We came in pretty much in line with our expectations with consolidated net revenues up 13% and adjusted EBITDA up 9% year-over-year to $756 million. We have lower hold at our Strip properties and some one-time items that totaled about $35 million. And I guess the best help understand the earnings power of the business you’re probably going to want to add those two numbers together. Here in Las Vegas results were in line with expectations as we saw strong demand across our hotel, food and beverage and entertainment segments driving 1% growth in overall net revenues. Our non-gaming revenues were actually up 5%, REVPAR up 2.3% driven by both occupancy and rate, and this was led by strong demand in all of our segments. Gaming revenues declined by 12%, which was two-thirds driven by overall table games hold and one-third driven by baccarat volume, partially offsetting this were stable mass gaming trends as our non-bac table games were roughly flat and our slot handle was actually up year-over-year. Our Strip EBITDA declined 4% to $418 million mostly driven by lower than normal table games hold of 21%. As a reminder, we’re also comping against a 25% table games hold percentage in the second quarter of 2018. And the year-over-year EBITDA hold impact was roughly $26 million that’s about 6% of our Strip EBITDA. On the hold adjusted basis, Strip EBITDA was actually up 2% year-over-year to $436 million. The baccarat volumes are still down year-over-year and that’s driven by less Far East play. Second quarter volumes have actually leveled out from the first quarter and that’s consistent with our forecast. To size for you, Far East baccarat represents just about 6% or 7% of our Strip EBITDA, and so the lower level of play represents only about 3% of our Strip EBITDA. Our second quarter Strip EBITDA margins were 28.5% that was down 145 basis points year-over-year, but excluding the impact of baccarat and year-over-year hold variance, our EBITDA margins would have been actually up slightly. Turning to our Regional properties, we of course, have many of the premier assets across the United States and we are the profit leader in many of the markets in which we operate. And this helps us drive market share gains over our peer group. And our original properties continue to perform well in the second quarter, revenues were up 29%, EBITDA was up 34% with the majority of the growth coming from the inclusion of Springfield, Empire City and Northfield Park. EBITDA at our Mississippi properties increased 24% during the quarter and continued to benefit from the increased visitation because of sports betting, and this is encouraging for us as more states come online with that product. Over to MGM China, revenues grew 26% to $706 million and adjusted property EBITDA was up 43% to $171 million that’s due to continued ramping of MGM Cotai. We did have a weaker than normal VIP hold in the quarter, which negatively impacted EBITDA by about $10 million. And as we all know the VIP market had been a bit rugged, but the mass for us continues to show strength. By property, MGM Macau achieved EBITDA of $116 million, up 17% year-over-year. Mass business there was stable, and though as I said VIP volumes were impacted by somewhat by transitioning some of the junket rooms over to MGM Cotai. MGM Cotai continued its ramp with $56 million of EBITDA, up $171 million – 171% over the prior year quarter. Our Mansion is still fairly new and ramping, 20 villas are open, seven more will follow shortly. And these villas are already allowing us to better attract premium mass customers. And as always, Grant is on the line to answer your questions. Moving to MGM 2020, we’re happy with our progress in MGM 2020. We now believe, we will achieve $100 million of EBITDA uplift this year versus our prior guidance of $70 million. While, we think it’s a bit early to revise our overall MGM 2020 guidance. The progress we’ve made thus far gives us increased confidence that we will achieve our phase 1 goal of $200 million in incremental EBITDA by the end of 2020. As I mentioned earlier, our operating model work is now complete, and while we have reduced our fixed labor, it’s important to know that MGM 2020 is not just a cost cutting exercise. We’re laying the groundwork to position the company for future growth creating efficiencies and giving our properties the ability to scale key initiatives and best practices. And so it’s worth taking a moment to talk about our thinking. We spent years refining our structure with some of the most expert management consultants to land on this model. Models designed to faster collaborative relationships between our Centers of Excellence or COEs, and the properties. While strategies are set in enforced at the COE level, this is after thorough due diligence and guidance from the properties. COEs also ensure that the brand identity of each property is preserved and the MGM portfolio offerings are complementary to each other, which also minimizes cannibalization. Further, we have kept senior leadership at the property level. This is especially the case at the regional properties where we know market knowledge and physical presence is key. Property presence remain keenly focused on the customer experience and employee engagement, in fact, by centralizing the strategic functions with our COEs, and our portfolio presidents as well as clarifying realigning roles and responsibilities. Our property leaders can focus their full attention to enhancing the customer experience. While this has been a transformative change internally, it’s worth repeating. We have not been distracted in our day to day operations and the customer experience has not been adversely impacted. So let me provide some numbers on phase 1. By the end of May, we reduced headcount by 1,070 people resulting in approximately $100 million of annualized savings. These were nearly all managerial or supervisory positions. It was a 12% reduction off the base of around 8,700 positions with some more back office departments seeing heavier reductions. On the other phase 1 components we’re making good progress on variable labor, sourcing and revenue optimization. We expect to implement the majority of these initiatives by year end. And so looking out further for 2019, we feel comfortable where the Strip consensuses for the year. This outlook reflects client volumes that remain at current levels and as we’ve highlighted in our previous calls the majority of the building blocks for the rest of our business is improving throughout the back half of this year. The fundamental backdrop in Las Vegas remains very sound, and we see robust demand in nearly all of our business segments. And convention bookings in Las Vegas continue to shape up very nicely in the second half, and are actually tracking better than we expected earlier in the year. In fact, we’re expecting a near record convention mix this year. We’re benefiting from a couple favorable group rotations. And our expansions at MGM Grand and Aria are helping drive momentum into next year. And over the medium-term, the Las Vegas convention center expansion is expected to drive even more citywide business to the city. And while leisure booking windows are naturally always shorter, current trends are also improving there, especially as we progress through the summer months. This is helped by the strong base of our group business, but we also continue to strategically manage our leisure mix to place the right customers in the right hotels at the right time, and opportunistically lean in to fill in periods where we need to. Our entertainment calendar in the second half of this year is one of the strongest in the company’s history. We’re maximizing our leadership in live entertainment and sports. Of course, we just hosted the MGM Resorts NBA Summer League were sold out its first two days and hit new attendance records in the dead heat of the summer. The Las Vegas Aces which currently by the way are number one in the WNBA, will host the All-Star Game this weekend at its home at Mandalay Bay. Mandalay also recently hosted the NHL Awards ceremony, and of course the NFL Draft is also coming to Las Vegas next year. And finally and excitingly, the Las Vegas’ home of the Raiders Stadium continues to shift the center of gravity down to the mid to southern end of the Las Vegas Strip. Raiders Stadium will be a catalyst for our south Strip resorts, especially Mandalay Bay as we will take full advantage of its location by hosting the most awesome tailgating experience before and after all of the events at the stadium. Before we turn over to questions, I’d like to touch on a few of our key strategic objectives. We remain committed to our long-term growth strategy and are on track to achieve our stated goals of between $3.6 billion and $3.9 billion of consolidated adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow per share of $3.50 by the end of 2020. The key drivers remain the ramp up of our newly opened properties and our project MGM 2020. Our major development projects are complete and our CapEx is dramatically lower and known. Our properties are all in excellent shape with no deferred CapEx, and as such we expect to generate accelerating free cash flow, and while we are far from done, we’ve worked diligently this year executing on our MGM 2020. Our operating model today gives us far more control over our cost base and positions us well through this cycle. We are running a very disciplined capital allocation strategy, which is focused on reducing our net leverage to between 3 and 4 times on a consolidated basis by the end of 2020. We aim for steady growth in our dividend and to buy back shares where appropriate. We have further opportunities to create long-term value in four key areas being Japan, Sports, Digital and by maximizing the value of our real estate. And so before we get to the Q&A, let me quickly touch on our real estate committee, which has been in the news lately. As you know the committee was formed back in January and has been working diligently with the help of its advisors. Our work streams are right on track with our internal timetable. It’s worth mentioning that the committee is exploring all options with very clear guideposts in mind. Any recommendation must support MGM’s goals of enhancing free cash flow per share, maximizing the value of our owned real estate, preserving the company’s financial flexibility and creating sustainable shareholder value. And I am increasingly optimistic that the committee’s work will achieve these goals and anticipate sharing their results in early fall. And so with that, I’d like to turn it over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joseph Greff: Good afternoon, everybody. Jim, with respect to MGM 2020 and the updated target for 2019, the $100 million versus the prior $70 million. Can you talk about what that $30 million relates to? And is it more of a timing issue than just finding more cost, more efficiency? And then within the $100 million benefit to this year, can you talk geographically or what reportable segments should we see this EBITDA uplift from?
James Murren: Sure, Joe. I’m going to turn that over to Corey Sanders, who really has been leading the charge more than anyone else, and is leading a group of very talented men and women here to achieve these better-than-expected results.
Corey Sanders: Hey, Joe. 2020 is about literally 50 different initiatives and the $100 million and the upping of it is really from the initial operating model work, which we felt was going to be more around the $80 million number. So we exceeded in that area and we’re exceeding in some other areas also. We just want to make sure that all the other initiatives also have the same impact that this one does. So in general, as of now, it’s money that we think is not necessarily additional yet that we’re willing to bank, but we’re feeling pretty optimistic and confident about 2020. And then, I think your second question was on the impact in each area? Was that correct?
Joseph Greff: Right. Reportable segments or geographic segments, right.
Corey Sanders: Yeah. So 60% of it is going to probably impact the Strip, 30% will impact regionals, and 10% will impact corporate.
Joseph Greff: Great. Thank you. And then my follow-up is for Grant, good morning to you. Grant, just trying to get a sense of the ramp in the 2Q at MGM Cotai, the $56 million of EBITDA in the quarter, how much of that was more weighted towards the back half of the quarter just with that The Mansion ramping? And so maybe just trying to get a sense what sort of the exit sort of quarterly run rate was for the coming out of June? And that’s all for me. Thanks.
Grant Bowie: Thanks, Joe. Good question. And yes, obviously, we were actually pretty pleased to see the price of the ramp up increase. So yes, there was an additional enhanced earnings in the second half. The critical point with The Mansion, and as I think we’ve always discussed is, we’re actually building momentum and we’re actually seeing that growing pretty well. So I would – what I would prefer to say is that we’re continuing to see the pace of that growth continuing into the third quarter. And we’re pretty happy with how we’re seeing it. And most importantly we’re seeing really solid return visitation. We’ll have all the villas online by the end of September, which is great, and because we’re now starting to run into demand issues, which is really positive, and then we can start cranking the yield. So the pacing is good, primarily in mass, but also seeing some really solid performance growth from returning reactivated in-house VIP customers as well.
Joseph Greff: Thanks, guys. Good job.
Operator: The next question will be from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: So Jim and Corey, thanks for the detail on the 2020 plan, I think it’s really clear. I guess, as investors start to think out now that you’ve started to hit your stride here. Can you give us, I know, we want to steer clear of any sort of hard guidance? But can you give us your view on sort of just what is kind of the baseline underlying kind of earnings growth or algorithm, you are expecting for the portfolio as we start to think out 12 months and 24 months from today on this kind of new earnings stream? Just how do you think about broad based cost growth that you’re trying to fight? And then how do you think about sort of your – what you would expect this portfolio can do on sort of the top-line basis to sustain or grow margin?
James Murren: So first, at this stage, we’re just going to reiterate that $200 million number. If you recall back in the PGP plan, I think, we’re about 9 to 10 months into that before we revised the number at all. So we’re a little bit early relative to that period to talk through what could happen going forward. But I will say that the institutional memory of that and the horsepower we have here gives us a lot of confidence in how holistically we’re tackling this plan. And I have to say, I have to reiterate this, because it’s not just the cost cutting plan and it’s not oriented the way PGP was, this is literally a reengineering our business from the top down in a way that is very unique to the gaming industry and is more akin to our companies and other industries. And I think probably, Disney would be a good example of that, where we are using the best talent we have organizationally in the company from a corporate perspective and marrying that together with really strong operating people at the properties. And certainly, it gives us more flexibility on a more real time basis to manage our expenses.
Corey Sanders: Yeah. And what I would add, Shaun, is on the inflationary cost of our business, we feel the organic growth should more than offset that and anything that we do here on MGM 2020 phase 1 should all go to the bottom line. And as Jim mentioned, the pure costs we could take out there, not just what we’ve done on the labor, but even on the sourcing side, where we spend approximately $2.6 billion a year in product and services, we think there is opportunities there to also increase the bottom line of the company and achieve our margin goals.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thank you very much. And then just as a follow-up, the other big theme in the quarter was there were some significant consolidation as it relates to Las Vegas and Regional gaming. Maybe it has to do with a lot of the alignment that you’re laying out here, but it also has to do with what you’ve done so far between Northfield Park, Springfield, Borgata et cetera. How are you guys thinking about database and the importance of Regional gaming network and feeding Las Vegas as just overall strategy and how you’re positioned for that? That’s it from me.
James Murren: Sure. Maybe I’ll take the M&A part of that, and then maybe Bill or Corey can take that. Just to be crystal clear here, we like what we own, and I’m not really interested in owning much anything else. We didn’t look at the Caesars assets before the El Dorado trade and we’re certainly not going to look at them now. We’re not looking at other opportunities to own bricks-and-mortar businesses simply to be in a market. As we’ve said, if we don’t believe we could be a market leader and bring an entertainment component to a resort, we’re not interested in investing the shareholders’ money just to be bigger. We do believe that sports betting is going to continue to provide over time, a really strong opportunity for the company, not only in and of itself, but more importantly to enhance the profitability of our existing resorts, and Mississippi is a really good example of that, and more profoundly you’re going to see that in other states as time goes by. But I would say that, that is our strategy from a corporate allocation perspective. And as it relates to the loyalty, I’ll turn it over to you, Bill.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thanks, Jim. A couple of different perspectives to look at, obviously, with our Regional strategy, it’s been a couple of years now, since we took over management of Borgata, and therefore, we now have full access to that database. Obviously, Springfield is ramping and growing, and now with the advent of Northfield Park and Empire, we’ve added over a 1.25 names to our database. And so what’s relevant about that is, what we do with them. Interestingly, Empire City had its best quarter ever, the second quarter, since right before the aqueduct opening. And so we’re encouraged by both of those businesses and we’re also encouraged by our ability to get cross-regional play and cross-traffic in and out of Las Vegas. Park MGM has helped that. We’ve had over a 0.25 million sign ups since that new brand has been launched. And we’ve seen our cross-play go up close to 50% and our room nights about the same from when it was just about a year-ago. So I think the strategy in the Northeast of note is working. Our ability to import people back and forth from Maryland, New Jersey, now from Empire into Springfield, and ultimately to Las Vegas as a price are starting to pay off.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, thank you. Good afternoon. So Jim earlier in your prepared remarks, you talked about your EBITDA goals for MGM 2020, which we all know very well. And you reiterated the drivers of that, which are – which included in there are ramps of your – ramping of your new properties. And in the past, it’s been suggested that the new properties could look something like the following, $350 million to $400 million in Macau, slightly below $100 million in Springfield, and Park MGM around $100 million. So just based on what you know now, are you wondering – I’m wondering if that’s still seems achievable?
James Murren: Yeah. As you know, we haven’t gotten into the property by property building blocks. We have said that those ramps are part of our guidance, but we do know how those properties are doing, all of them. And even with what we know, we are reiterating those cash flow numbers for next year and the free cash flow numbers. And the reason why we’re doing so is that we do see continued growth in those properties, and frankly, a better macro setup here in Las Vegas than we talked about late last year. There is no doubt that Las Vegas is doing better, and we will continue, we believe, to do better here at the back half of 2019 and into 2020. And some of the business we have on the books on multiple channels. And I think it’s encouraging, very encouraging to think about not only that convention mix, right, Corey, but also look at our core properties and how they’re doing here in Las Vegas, look at their margin growth and understand where the leisure businesses right now. This is a very dynamic company. So if we are behind in someplace, like we’re behind in Springfield, we’re ahead in many other places and that is the value of being diversified company. And also, very frankly, we have a very good understanding of this project 2020 initiative, and we dug deeper than we discussed in the first half of this year and that’s going to accrue to the benefit of the back half and into 2020.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. That’s a helpful perspective. I appreciate that. And Grant, hello. I know, you’ve talked a bit on the call about – you’re the ramp of Cotai, but I also know that you’re optimistic about the potential for Peninsula, which slightly outperformed expectations. So just wondering, if you could update us in terms of how you’re thinking about that property in light of the Cotai property ramping, and then just in light of the market in general?
Grant Bowie: Okay. So if we look at the market in general first, we’re still positive, optimistic as we always are in the mass market. And obviously, and that’s the way we positioned ourselves. Junket market I think is going through correction, and I don’t think there is any indicator that we’re going to see any significant change in those growth patterns. On that regard, therefore, focus for Macau is obviously to replace any of the customer traffic that we shifted to Cotai, which has stabilized significantly and we’re starting to see share in that regard. And we are really positive. Now the refurbishment of Cotai and Macau continues, and we’ve been working on the east of the casino in the last three, four months, which is obviously the area, where we – if we were going to see any effect of that, it was going to occur. And we’ve had some, but not significant. We’re accelerating that work to get it done before the October holiday. So we’re really positive on just the momentum, the focus and the intensity [for cut] [ph] from Macau. And so that’s solid, got a good management team and they are dedicated just to that property. Again, I just want to reiterate that the continued performance in Cotai, we’re really starting to see collective momentum in terms of not just in The Mansion, we keep on talking about that, because that’s a step-up for us, but across the premium mass area in that property consistently. Sign-ups’ continues. It looks positive. Our quest to increase market share is undaunting, but obviously with the market as it is, becoming increasingly more difficult, but we’re still really positive that every quarter we’ve been able to just take a little bit more and a little bit more and that’s just something we’re going to keep focusing on. So continued momentum in the mass, that’s where the growth is and obviously in Cotai we’re also now starting to work through to make sure that we can – we right-size the OpEx relative to the performance of the property as well.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you. It’s very helpful. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Harry Curtis with Instinet. Please go ahead.
Harry Curtis: Hello, everyone. I wanted to first follow-up with you, Grant. The roughly 24% margin in the second quarter, it looks like there could be several hundred basis points of eventual upside. Can you talk about that, because at least on the Peninsula in 2017, you achieved 28%? And do you get economies of scale that might get you even beyond 28% depending upon the mix within some reasonable time frame?
Grant Bowie: That’s a related question, Harry. I think, we’ve always continued to give guidance on them, but we see the stabilized margin in that sort of 26% to 27% range. Yes, we really were able to crank out some really significant higher 20s in Macau for a period. I think, we recognize that Cotai is a much bigger property, some of the reinvestment rates in Cotai are higher. Yes, of course, we will always strive for those sorts of numbers, but I’m still giving that guidance that we think it’s – that will be pretty comfortable in the 27%. But – at last, we’re going to continue to strive to get the most that we can.
Harry Curtis: Is it too aggressive to think that you can get there by 2020 or is that probably closer to 2021?
Grant Bowie: Harry, if we were to see some significant market growth, I think all of those things are possible. I think, one of those – margin is also dependent upon the strength of the market and what’s the price you have to pay to generate the revenue. So if you’re getting a lot of organic market growth, yes, that’s possible. But I would suggest that’s probably the trick or the trigger for that.
Harry Curtis: Very good. And then returning to Vegas. Jim, I had just a quick follow-up question that encompasses the size of the Vegas portfolio. And really, the kind of the mix of your third-party booking engines. Is there any thought to actually shrinking the size of the portfolio to match the size of M life? Would that make sense as a means of increasing efficiency and reducing the reliance on third-party booking engines, particularly given the cyclical nature of the group meeting and convention business?
James Murren: So I’ll start, then I’ll turn it over to maybe Corey or Bill to jump in. We look at everything, we view our business as – our leadership in our business as portfolio managers. And we certainly look at all of our properties, not only individually, but what they might be able to do for one another. And in terms of how we manage the business, we do see scale certainly by having more than one property here on the Strip. I think that it’s certainly worth noting that some of our properties do better than others. But most of all of them are in our database in our M life programs. The outlier, of course, is Circus Circus. Circus Circus is not part of M life. And has not been integrated fully within the MGM Resorts portfolio. All of our other properties certainly have. But we do look at how we’re running this company as a portfolio, and we do know, and the Summer League was a very good example, having properties at multiple price points is a great benefit to us. And even the week before that, having Microsoft in-house and having properties at multiple price points is a great benefit to us in the convention side. As it relates to OTAs...
Corey Sanders: Yes. What I would add, Harry, we manage our business and especially who are putting the rooms on a gross profit per segment. And we have a good understanding of all of our segments. And even that OTA segment has profitabilities that drive incremental EBITDA and pretty decent margin business because they don’t have a lot of investment other than the fee associated with OTAs. We used it more stellar and more strategically toggling up and down on those as we need them. And we think that the balance that we have right now is probably the best we’ve had in a few years.
James Murren: And based on what I said about the leisure business, is a good example of that.
Bill Hornbuckle: And I’ll just add, Harry, as a final that our OTA partners, our partners are important to our business. And so on the collective, well, at times, I understand the question and nature of it, it’s important that we’re on balance, and we think we’ve managed that relatively well. They can be demanding at times, but they are great partners in the totality of it all.
Operator: The next question will be from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Jim, I was wondering if you or Corey could kind of opine a little bit as it pertains to the real estate committee. How are you guys are kind of thinking about the balance between opco, propco? Clearly there’s still a healthy amount of EBITDAR that you guys wholly own on the Strip and then own indirectly through MGP. But when you think about balancing the financing that it provides you, as well as kind of the ownership versus opco kind of model, what is your personal view?
James Murren: Well, a few things that are abundantly clear to us here, and we’ve learned an awful lot over the last 6 or 7 months as we’ve really dug into with some of the smartest tax, corporate finance, accounting people that work for our company. And with our advisors, both financial, legal and tax advisors that we have a lot of options in front of us, actually very creative and interesting options in front of us. We also know that our real estate is misvalued in the marketplace. That’s clear just based on traits that are happening all around, vis-à-vis the owned assets that MGM has today, including the one we’re speaking to you from here at Bellagio. Thirdly, the real estate committee is completely aligned with the full Board, which is to say, anything that we do will be enhancing to our financial objectives, particularly because we’re acutely aware that we’re in the later stages of an economic expansion. Anything that we do, anything that we think about going forward will be to improve this company’s financial outlook, both in terms of its balance sheet and its earnings power. And there is a mix between owning assets and operating them. But we do believe that an asset lighter model makes sense with the key privado, which is that the operating company, which is responsible for the CapEx of all the properties under this model, is if anything stronger than before. Because what we won’t do is sell assets and diminish the value of MGM Resorts. So we have a lot of work we have done. We are glad we’ve taken the time. We’re certainly glad we didn’t have any knee-jerk reaction to ideas that were thrust upon us a year ago. And we’re more educated today than we ever before, and that is why I say that we’re coming toward the end of our decision-making process and that you’ll hear from us later this year.
Carlo Santarelli: That’s very helpful. And then just one quick follow-up. You mentioned that you were comfortable with Strip consensus for this year, which I believe on property level, Las Vegas Strip basis is about $1.7 billion give or take a couple million of dollars. Is that the number you were referring to?
James Murren: That is, yes.
Operator: The next person comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling: Two quick follow-ups. First on Park MGM. It looks like, yes, it’s starting to ramp up again here. How should investors be thinking about the cadence? And are you seeing or expecting any cannibalization or even halo benefits in the properties around it?
Bill Hornbuckle: Steve, and this is Bill. I’ll try to tackle that one. Look, our full ramp will be through 2021 to get to, I think, full value, we’ve still got a couple of assets opening what we’ve seen with entertainment has been absolutely spectacular. Italy is performing exceptionally well. NoMad, literally has the second highest MPS score in the company. And so all of those assets are doing well. Where we need some stickiness, frankly and interestingly, is in the casino on unrated play. We’re focused on it; we’re programming against it. Of note, the entertainment component and if you look at – and obviously, we’re situated, you’ve got T-Mobile and Park Theater, which are literally the Top 2 grossing arenas and midsized theaters in the world right now, driving massive amounts of traffic to the property. And so over time, we’re figuring how to take full benefit of that. Obviously, Park Theater is ultimately Aria showroom by way of example. And we leveraged against that if you see the marquee today driving down I-15, you’d understand that relationship. And so we’re pleased with the ramp, we’ve got some work to do, there’s a couple more assets coming on board. But overall, it’s really through to 2021 that you’ll see full benefit of it.
Corey Sanders: And then what I would add is we’ve definitely seen the benefit in the neighborhood. New York-New York had a tremendous month. The second quarter revenues are really close to their top EBITDA. And we’re seeing also the flow-through and even Aria, which is continuing to probably outgrow its peers in REVPAR on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Stephen Grambling: And once the bridge opened....
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes. That’s a good strip. And one of those elements is the pedestrian bridge finishes in October of this year, which will take a great deal of eastbound traffic over to the West side of the Strip, which, obviously, is our sweet spot.
Stephen Grambling: That’s helpful. And I guess, the second follow-up is just on Macau. And I realize Cotai is still ramping, but how are you evaluating and prioritizing reinvestment or even expansion there over the next few years? And how dependent is your thought process on further clarity on the next concession renewal?
James Murren: Grant, do you want to tackle that?
Grant Bowie: Sure. So on the capital front, first. As I think we’ve already announced, we’re deep into the process of design of the additional suites for the completion of what is the top tier at south tower. And at the same time, we’re also starting on a very preliminary Phase 2 expansion strategy. When we built the property, we actually built foundations for expansion. We’re now working through that in terms of product mix, product requirements, et cetera. Not likely to see any investment and not its significance until around 2021, 2022. On the concession renewal, we continue to do exactly the same as we have always done, and that is just continue to be responsive and perform the way we had. Obviously, with Pansy, she’s able to provide us a lot of insights and lot of engagement, and we just continue to work diligently through. There’s no – with the elections coming up, the new Chief Executive onshore will have designed policy position on that. And so right now, we’re all working through those processes, that making sure we continue to do the things that we know we’re focused on, small and medium-sized businesses, the localization strategy, all of those things that came up in the midterm review to make sure we’re well positioned as well as looking for other initiatives to build our business. So we’re still positive, don’t see any reason that we shouldn’t be successful. But what we do – totally understand that this is a decision for the Macau government.
Operator: The next question comes from John DeCree with Union Gaming.
John DeCree: Just I guess two high-level questions for me. One maybe for Corey, it sounds like you’ve picked up some group business in the back half of the year. I was wondering if you can elaborate on that if it was sales-driven or existing groups may be getting bigger? And then Jim, at a high level, it sounds like this quarter versus when we spoke last time on this call, last quarter, a little bit of incremental confidence in the outlook. Maybe because one of the other sides of the labor program of MGM 2020, maybe it’s some of the health we’re seeing in non-gaming in Las Vegas, but are we kind of hearing that right a little bit more optimistic and really, if that’s accurate, kind of what’s driving that and if it sounds broad-based? But just kind of wanted to recap. I think you’ve talked a little bit about it throughout the call, but I think it’s important to kind of get those high-level views again.
James Murren: Sure. Do want to go first, Corey? Or do you want to...
Corey Sanders: Sure. In the back of the year, the majority of the increase is a bit in the year for the year bookings, in particular, at MGM in Mandalay Bay.
James Murren: Yes. And just looking at what we’ve been seeing, yes, we’re in the second half of the year, we’ve a lot more data in front of us than we did even last quarter call, certainly at the beginning of the year. And few of the things that are highly encouraging, what we’re seeing on the non-bac table side, good news, we are seeing in non-gaming very good news. The convention bookings have been stronger than we talked about before. And the leisure business, which of course, was very challenging last year going into the summer, is anything but this year. In a way, that’s a big difference. The entertainment calendar is I think, the best we’ve seen in an awful long time. And the expansions to our facilities, which certainly hadn’t – I’m talking convention now, which certainly hadn’t fully actualized before are certainly helping now. And so there are changes to what we’re seeing here in Las Vegas that provide more tailwinds than we had talked about. And we actually are now – when you get into this part of the year, you start thinking more and getting more information about next year. We had a very constructive point of view for quite some time on the year 2020 here in Las Vegas, and we have more data now to show that I think we’re going to be right. Raiders Stadium is going to open up. AEG now is booking that venue; they’re expecting over 40 events a year coming into that venue. I think there’s just, was it today, Bill, about the Pac-12?
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes, obviously, this morning, they announced ‘20 and ‘21 Pac-12 football tournament here in Las Vegas.
James Murren: In December, which obviously, for the community in the town is in a hole that you would, in otherwise, fill up that scale, so it’s really exciting. And again, reminding everyone literally in our backdoor of Mandalay. And one of the things that Bill and his team are working on is how do we maximize the benefit of having the stadium, which is how do we maximize the foot traffic, footfall into Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Excalibur in creating this pedestrian experience because recall that they’re going to shut down Hacienda to vehicular traffic. So people are going to congregate around our properties, walk across I-15 into the stadium and walk back. The other infrastructure improvements certainly are benefiting on the entire community. So I would say that what we’re seeing on the convention side, the leisure business, our ability on 2020 to yield evermore effectively are all positive signs. And what we’re seeing now on cross marketing because of our regional acceleration, is drawing more business into Las Vegas in the non-rated table play, non-bac table play and in slots. And maybe one other just symbol, I guess, which is going to cause compression in rooms, which is great for the whole town, but notably us. Our friends at AG booked a festival called the Day N Vegas, first weekend in November. It booked 60,000 tickets in 1.5 day. So the appeal on the draw of this community is still pretty incredible. And so, obviously, 60,000 folks will cause a significant amount of compression and that we can. So not only that was he did, we can buy any stretch, but the compression will drive rates and just continued enthusiasm for coming.
Bill Hornbuckle: Imagine, isn’t the Pac-12 tournament during NFR?
James Murren: It’s right after this year.
John DeCree: It depends in the year.
James Murren: Yes. So there’s a lot going on that’s benefiting, and we’re really excited for mentions regarding in this sphere, that’s going to be another incredible draw to town and certainly we’re looking forward to Resorts World opening up. There’s – the amount of infrastructure being invested in Las Vegas by so many different parties is going to benefit the entire town, and that’s good for us.
John DeCree: Congratulations on the quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Thomas Allen of Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: So just talking about Macau. So Grant, one of your peers reported yesterday, and their deck highlighted how premium mass revenues were down year-over-year, and the rest of mass was up. Are you seeing that trend, too? And how do you think it’s going to kind of go going forward?
Grant Bowie: Simply no. We’re still seeing solid premium mass games and building, maybe we’re in a slightly different cycle to others. But I would also acknowledge that mid-mass is also pretty strong coming in the summer, it can be a bit difficult to judge whether the gaming business continues to grow through the summer. But this seems to be pretty positive. So overall for us, we are comfortable that there’s growth there for us, both in the principal segments that we’re running in. So we’re not seeing that effect.
Thomas Allen: Helpful. And then just shifting gears to Vegas. We’re deep in the Q&A, and I’m sure you’re all happy that there has been questions on REVPAR but I’m firstly, going to ruin that. Just on REVPAR, I mean the fact that there has been a shift focus away from REVPAR, is that helping you manage your business better? And any way to quantify that? Or target about how it manifests itself would be helpful?
Bill Hornbuckle: Tom, again, it’s Bill. The answer to your question is yes, it has helped us think about our business. Look, we managed the REVPAR and ultimately, in some instances, particularly looking at casino marketing, and some of the lower quadrants of our M life database, the cash on cash business, we’re looking to make the most money by yielding occupied rooms on the totality of the basis. And so whether we’re up 1, 2, 3 or 4 percentage points in REVPAR, while always meaningful and somewhat of an indicator, the bigger indicator is how we’re doing in the collective. And I think particularly over the last several months in this year, we’ve managed up casino a couple of ticks in marketing, a couple hundred basis points to the expense of leisure, which I think is ultimately been to our betterment.
Operator: The next question will be from David Katz with Jefferies.
David Katz: Congrats on the quarter. I wanted to follow up on one of the earlier topics around opco and propco. And Jim, you used the term asset light, and it’s one that we debate actively from the perspective that asset light in some circles can refer to fee streams, versus what we have seen in gaming where assets are owned by a REIT, but much of the financial servicing of it is still borne by the operator. And I just wonder how you sort of think about that issue since the term came up?
James Murren: Sure. We have studied a lot of the models as you study and analyze, and we’re certainly not a hotel management company that have relationships with different REITs. We are a company that is in the entertainment business that creates specific entertainment experiences for our guests. We also know that we can expand our revenue streams by using our expertise in noncapital-intensive ways. And I think sports betting is a really good example of what will happen over time as we use our brand and our expertise in entertainment to drive revenue and profit without expending a lot of capital. I think also what’s happening here in Las Vegas, finding people to partner with us or encouraging people through partnerships of using our land where they use investments, also through joint ventures will help us. We also are in the non-gaming business. And we feel that there is really no company out there in the hotel space that’s better than we are in developing and managing hotels. We’re doing that in China. We’ll be doing that elsewhere as well, those are capital-light projects where we can deploy some of our expertise and some of our knowledge. We are responsible for the CapEx of the properties that we are operating. And so an asset lighter model that we’re pursuing will be used – will be done through the lens of improving our financial wherewithal with the expectations that there will be a downturn in the future. Fortunately for MGM, we’re far better prepared today than we were before the last downturn. We have no major capital projects underway; we have no major developments that are being built, we know what our CapEx is going to be in ‘19, ‘20, ‘21, ‘22. We know we can manage that CapEx very specifically. We know we’re more diversified now than we were a decade ago. We know that because of MGM 2020, we’re more nimble. We’re more able to react to economic changes or even regional changes, let alone global changes. And so when we think about what do we do with the owned assets, we do with our assets that are part of MGP, our operating units there. We also are really proud of the MGP team. They, too, have been busy, they’ve been very focused, they have been very, I think, disciplined in terms of acquiring assets accretively, but acquiring quality assets because not all assets are equal. And certainly not all assets are equal when you’re in the later stages of a cycle. And certainly all assets are not equal if you’re in a downturn. MGM Growth Properties and MGM Resorts owns only Class A real estate. It doesn’t own Class B classy real estate. And in more mature areas of real estate, that’s well known to investors. And they value real estate in office, in commercial, residential, retail differently depending upon the quality of the asset. In the gaming space, that hasn’t happened yet. But it will. It will happen in our view, because quality counts. We saw that during the last downturn in markets where we had the market leadership position whether it be Borgata in Atlantic City or Detroit where one property went bankrupt in Detroit, but not MGM Grand Detroit. And so we are viewing all of this through the lens of improving our financial wherewithal, our financial stability and we understand fully our obligations as the capital provider to our resorts. We just feel that we’re just getting going in terms of how we can best maximize the value for all the shareholders, MGM Resorts, what we own, including our OP units in MGM Growth Properties.
David Katz: And as my follow up, I just wanted to go back again to one of the other topics since [indiscernible]. I might be close to last. On the subject of M&A, I just wanted to be clear about what the boundaries are. I think the general expectation is that the focus is much more inward and on what you have on your plate. But could there be sets – some set of circumstances or some opportunity that’s too attractive to pass up, where you would meaningfully pursue acquiring a property of some size?
James Murren: It would be hard for me to foresee and certainly not something we’re pursuing. We did look at a property that you’re well aware of earlier this year. We were presented with that as something that we should or would take a look at, and we did. It’s a high quality asset in a major city, where MGM already has a very strong brand affinity. And so we looked at it, and of course, we end up passing on that opportunity. But it wasn’t something, and nor is anything else something we’re actively pursuing. As I said earlier, we like what we have. And we don’t need to own any assets anywhere in the United States to maximize what we believe is our sports betting opportunity. And so therefore, the only reason why we would look at something is whether or not we believe it will have an outsized return on investment and fits within our capital allocation strategies. And I think Empire City is a very good example of that. Certainly, we believe that there is a vast opportunity over time with Empire City as we can diversify that into a broad-based resort. And so I hope that answers the question.
David Katz: The answers are perfectly clear, not just for my questions, but frankly, all of them today.
James Murren: Thank you. And I want to thank you all for joining us today. I hope you found it informative. Just want to recap on a couple of things, one is we are satisfied with the second quarter. We’re really very pleased with how balanced the property performance has been, both throughout the United States and over in Macau. We are incredibly proud of the men and women here at MGM Resorts that have implemented to date our MGM 2020 Plan. It has been a tremendous amount of work which is bearing fruit as we speak. And you’ll see the benefits as that accelerate throughout the balance of this year and into next year. We’re pleased that Las Vegas is doing as well from a macro perspective as it is, and it sets up for really a positive performance for the entire market in 2020. And as I said, now that we have a half year under our belt, we are confident that we’re going to hit our 2020 financial targets, that $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion of consolidated EBITDA, our free cash flow per share of $3.50 while running a conservative capital allocation strategy that targets that leverage between 3 and 4x while we increase our dividend and return shares, buybacks to our shareholders. With that, as always, Cathy, Aaron, Corey, myself, Bill, we’re always around for any questions you have. And thank you very much for joining us.
Operator: And thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the Company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief executive Officer; Corey Sanders, Chief Financial Officer; Bill Hornbuckle, President and Chief Operating Officer; Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are on a listen-only mode. After the Company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. In fairness to all participants, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Please note this conference is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Catherine Park. Please go ahead.
Catherine Park: Thanks Chad, and good afternoon and welcome to the MGM Resorts International's first quarter 2019 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at investors.mgmresorts.com and we've also furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. On this call, we'll make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or otherwise. During the call, we'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find a reconciliation to the GAAP financial measures in our press release. Also, during today's call, we'll be reviewing slides 14 to 18 of our earnings presentation deck which is available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. I'll now turn it over to Jim Murren.
James Murren: Well, thank you, Kathy, and good afternoon, everyone.  We had a very busy and productive quarter here at MGM with a lot of changes happening all with an eye to the future. As you all remember, we announced MGM 2020 back in January and we've been executing on that plan over the past few months. We've made changes to our leadership, announced the addition of a pioneering new digital leader who will oversee growth and revenue, and we are progressing with Phase 1 of MGM 2020, which is expected to deliver $200 million of EBITDA in 2020. This is a time of meaningful transition. We're laying the foundation for a strong future and making a lot of changes that will have a significant impact on how we operate. Corey will discuss 2020 in further detail in a bit. But first, a few key points I'd like to make. The first quarter came in slightly better than our expectations with consolidated net revenues up by 13% and adjusted EBITDA up 5%. The last time we were together we highlighted both low hold and a tough comp in our Las Vegas Baccarat business. This was the primary driver of our year-over-year Strip EBITDA decline in the quarter, and clearly something that the market felt as a whole with Las Vegas Baccarat DGR down 32% year-over-year. Our U.S. Regional properties showed tremendous strength and we are starting to see the fruits of our labor in Macau which had a nice quarter with a continued ramp-up of MGM Cotai. I want to first say right up front that there is no change in our full-year outlook. We expect a strong second half to the year as we begin to drive financial benefits from 2020 as well as a good convention calendar. And lastly, our long-term strategy and our 2020 goals of $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion in consolidated adjusted EBITDA and consolidated free cash flow per share of $3.50 are unchanged. We also continue to work towards reducing our consolidated net leverage to 3 times to 4 times by year-end 2020. And we feel confident that we will meet these goals. Let me get into the quarter a little bit. Here in Las Vegas, revenues were roughly flat year-over-year. Non-gaming revenues increased by 4%. We saw good performance in most areas including hotel with REVPAR up 3.7%. Food and beverage and entertainment were also robust, which we know speaks to the overall strength of the demand of the city at our properties. Gaming revenues declined by 13% solely driven by high-end baccarat business. in fact, slots and non-bac table games had higher volumes and win year-over-year. Along with our non-gaming performance, this of course highlights the healthy environment we witnessed in the quarter. We did mention in the fourth quarter call back in February that our baccarat business faced a very difficult comparison due to the timing of the holidays and a high hold comparison. Recall we had a record first quarter in baccarat last year, both in terms of volumes and win percentage. Our baccarat business was lower this year due to fewer visits from certain Far East players and a much lower hold. The total impact to the quarter was approximately $35 million of EBITDA. This of course therefore was the main driver of our $46 million or 10% year-over-year decrease in Strip EBITDA. Importantly, we're optimistic about the underlying health of Las Vegas. ARIA, which you know is not consolidated, for example, was particularly strong in the quarter with net revenues up 14% and Adjusted Property EBITDA up 29%. And including ARIA, we gained market share in overall table games. We're also excited about the early performance of Park MGM as the property continues to ramp. It has already become a unique culinary destination and is bolstered by the programming at Park Theater and it's got of course a great location. Across the United States, we have many of the premier assets. Our Regional properties continue to perform well in the first quarter with revenues up 21% and EBITDA up 24% benefiting from the inclusion of Springfield and Empire City. On a same-store basis, Regional revenues increased by 3% and Adjusted Property EBITDA was up 9%. Detroit had another great quarter with all-time record revenues and a record first quarter EBITDA. Our Mississippi properties had an excellent quarter with EBITDA up 25%, as sports betting continues to drive visitation. National Harbor's EBITDA was up by 20% due to the strong reception of our expanded gaming floor and a continued focus on expense management. And Springfield ended up the quarter with a strong March and that property continues to ramp. MGM China's revenues grew by 23% to $734 million and Adjusted Property EBITDA was up 26% to $191 million. By property, MGM Macau achieved EBITDA of $129 million, while Cotai continued its ramp with 18% growth quarter-over-quarter to $62 millions of EBITDA. We benefited from above average hold in the quarter of about $16 million in VIP. But nonetheless, we certainly showed good progress and gained market share for the third consecutive quarter. And a big milestone for us was the extension of our sub-concession to June of 2022, which is now aligned with the rest of the market. We're grateful for the support of the Macau government and remain committed to the region's continued evolution into an international leisure and tourist destination. In terms of our outlook for this year, it remains unchanged and we expect a good second half to the year as the benefits of MGM 2020 begin to materialize. Our trends other than baccarat have been positive. Convention bookings for the year remain in very good shape and we continue to benefit from the expansion at the MGM Grand convention center. Our group business in 2020 is also shaping up well and this base on the books increases our confidence in Las Vegas. The entertainment calendar is exciting. T-Mobile will host Paul McCartney this summer and Canelo returns for the Cinco de Mayo fight this coming weekend. Park Theater is currently hosting Aerosmith and Janet Jackson is starting her Residency here in a few weeks. Of course, with the return of Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars later in the year, 2019 is looking outstanding. Non-baccarat gaming trends also remain stable, and with respect to our Far East business, we've seen these dynamics before and we expect these trends to normalize over the coming quarters. We're focused on ramping up our new properties. Late last month, we opened the Mansion villas at MGM Cotai to great response from our top players. This is similar to when we opened the Mansion here in Las Vegas back in 1998. We're seeing premium mass players who had not previously stayed at Cotai and they're staying longer too. With all of our high-end amenities now operational, this will support growth in our VIP and premium mass business. We know we have more work to do there including fine tuning other elements such as F&B, retail and activating the spectacle. And we're also working on plans to build out some of the white space we have in the south tower, which could accommodate an extra 50 suites to 60 suites. We feel real great about Cotai and believe we will hit our ROI targets. We will continue to ramp up Springfield and Park MGM and we have recently welcomed Empire City and Northfield Park into our portfolio. This strengthens our regional footprint and enhances our database and cross marketing strategy. We continue to see the benefit of increased diversification in our business and these highly targeted investments in both sports and technology. We're a more balanced company than in any other time in our history with trophy assets in each of the markets in which we serve across the US and of course a meaningful and growing earnings contribution from Asia. We're excited about this balance and our ability to deliver for our shareholders because of it. To ramp these assets is a key part of our plan to reach our $3.6 billion and $3.9 billion of consolidated adjusted EBITDA. The other major driver is MGM 2020. MGM 2020 is much more than a cost-cutting plan. It truly changes the way we operate and positions us for continued growth and success. One of the first changes we made as we started to implement MGM 2020 was promoting Corey Sanders to CFO. As you all know, Corey has a tremendous history with MGM and in light of his operational expertise notably leading the profit growth plan, he is the right person to lead our efforts on MGM 2020. And so with that, I'll hand it off to Corey to provide more details.
Corey Sanders: Thanks Jim. And if I could turn people's attention to slides 14 through 18 in the earnings deck that has been posted on our website. Starting on Slide 14, we have been working on MGM 2020 for over a year now. When we announced the plan back in January, we set out to create a company that is streamlined and nimble and one that empowers leaders. In order to unleash innovation and support dynamic new ideas, we needed a new way of operating. MGM 2020 is an evolution of our continuous improvement journey which began with the profit growth plan in 2015, now as you know is very successful, we targeted EBITDA enhancements of $300 million and ended up around $500 million. Between PGP and the announcement of MGM 2020, we have been busy standing up key centralized functions, redefining our service standards, training our employees on these standards, and opening four properties. Through PGP, we laid the foundation for MGM 2020 as we installed the more centralized operating model which focused primarily on creating and sharing best practices across the enterprise. We also established our project management office. MGM 2020 has two phases. Phase 1 of MGM 2020 is about scaling the centralized operating model to improve operational efficiency and effectiveness. We are moving certain key functions out of the properties and into corporate centralized groups called centers of excellence. Phase 2 of MGM 2020 is about driving a customer-centric strategy to accelerate revenue growth. This will be accomplished through better leveraging digital technology and capabilities plus an enhanced loyalty program. We will talk more in detail about Phase 2 in upcoming months. Turning to Slide 52, this is a - 15, I'm sorry - this is an earnings call. So let's talk about some numbers. For Phase 1 of MGM 2020, we are targeting $200 million of EBITDA uplift in 2020 and we expect one-third of that this year. We expect $100 million from labor savings, which will be $80 million in fixed labor and $20 million in variable, $50 million from procurement opportunities and another $50 million from revenue optimization. For Phase 2, we're targeting an additional $100 million uplift in 2021, and in total, this gets us $300 million of adjusted EBITDA uplift in 2021 compared to when we launched the program. We feel very confident that we will hit these targets. We have done it before with PGP and we will do it again. For procurement savings, we are exploring opportunities in IT, facilities, marketing, and other areas. We're reducing SKUs in hotel and in food and beverage even beyond what we did during PGP. For revenue optimization, we are dynamically yielding our food and beverage covers and entertainment offerings. This is not a simple exercise just to increase price. We're actually optimizing our inventory utilization by setting the right price to attract the right guest at the right time. This will result in increased covers and slow periods with gradual price increases during high demand periods. For variable labor within our labor initiative, we will enforce the new labor standards set by the COEs to optimize our labor costs and better utilize our existing workforce. We will also leverage technology for greater efficiencies. These are fairly straightforward. So I want to spend more time discussing the profound change in our operating model. So, which brings us to Slide number 16, I mentioned earlier that we are scaling our operating model by moving certain key functions out of the properties and into corporate centers of excellence, which we refer to as COEs. We have 18 COEs including a COE for food and beverage, hotel, entertainment, casino, and marketing and revenue management among others. Effectively leveraging our COEs will be the key to our operating model evolution, as we clearly defined and delineate the responsibilities of the COEs and the properties, to one, eliminate duplicate functions, to allow quicker decision making, to optimize our management spans and layers and to promote greater sharing and implementation of best practices across the company. Under the old model, personnel at each property set and executed their own strategies and standards consistent with the overall company strategy. Under our new model, the COEs will set the strategy and standards. This allows properties to focus more time on execution and service. One of the implications of our new operating model is that we will need fewer managers on property creating labor savings. Let's turn to Slide 17. And this will go more into detail in our new model. Our COEs now set business strategy for casino, hotel, food and beverage and other divisions that align with each property's brand and complements the portfolio. They perform market research and analytics for the portfolio and determine the approach to yielding our offerings. Additionally, COEs working with the properties set standards for labor guidelines, service standards plus forecasting and accountability. The properties of course will have input into these decisions but the COEs will drive them. This structure allows the properties, specifically property leaders, to focus even more on guest service and employee engagement while driving cash flow at the properties. On Slide 18, we thought it would be helpful to go through a few examples. Let's take food and beverage. Under the old model, labor standards, pricing, menu development, wine list were each set at each individual property. We have moved this to the Food and Beverage COE which allow us to continue to consistently execute these initiatives with a smaller team. In addition, the responsibilities at these properties have changed, so the level management running the division, the pay and the infrastructure needed at the properties will all be reduced. On the casino side, decisions around machine and table mix, casino floor layout, minimum bets, labor standards have also moved to the COE. And much like food and beverage, the infrastructure needed at these properties has changed. In addition, overall, we believe there are opportunities at both property and corporate as we look at widening our span and control and reducing layers company-wide. Before I turn it back to Jim, I want to let you know that we've made progress already. MGM 2020 is an extremely complex exercise, as this is not just a cost-cutting program. We are setting up the company to operate in a much more nimble way that will also support us in Phase 2 in the execution of our business transformation led with our digital - through our digital efforts. And with the help of consultants and through the leadership of our COEs, our portfolio presidents and property presidents, we have implemented the first wave of the operating model. Throughout March, we've had approximately 35 of our senior leadership team take a voluntary retirement package. Before the end of the second quarter, we expect a total of nearly a thousand position reductions some of which were announced just last week. These changes will ensure we hit our targets for this portion of MGM 2020. In the first quarter, we incurred $52 million in MGM 2020 cost including $41 million of restructuring charges related to our operating model work and other consultant and technology costs as part of Phase 2. Our consultants are experts in business transformation and we have worked with them before with successful outcomes. While these costs have a short-term impact on our profitability, we believe they are an investment that will pay dividends in the future. These eliminations were identified after a comprehensive process and the impact is being felt across the company. This is a significant change that is meant to be transformative with a goal of minimizing impact on our customer experience and employee engagement. And with any exercise of this nature, we are cognizant of impact to morale. So we have been very mindful with transparent communication and change management programs to guide our leaders, employees through this time. While change is hard, particularly change that involves headcount reductions, we are confident that this will make us a more efficient, nimble and effective enterprise going forward. This is also vitally important as we turn our attention to Phase 2 of MGM 2020 where we will focus on using new technology to target, attract, and retain new customers to grow our competitive advantage. Now I will hand it back to Jim.
James Murren: Thanks Corey. As you've heard, we're committed to our long-term growth strategy and we're fully on track to achieve our stated goals of $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion in consolidated adjusted EBITDA by year-end 2020. Remainder of the key drivers remain the ramp-up of the open properties and the program Corey's talking about, MGM 2020. We're also targeting free cash flow per share, as I said, of $3.50. We have dramatically, as you know, reduced our overall CapEx spend as all our major development projects are behind us. Our properties are all in excellent shape with no deferred CapEx. We will continue to be focused on fortifying our balance sheet. Earlier this month, we raised a $1 billion in senior notes at a very attractive rate and use the proceeds to address our near-term maturities. We remain confident in our goal to get our consolidated net leverage to 3 times to 4 times by year-end 2020. We did not buy stock in the quarter as we were focused on our debt issuance, the bond tenders, and funding our previously announced acquisitions. But our capital allocation strategy has not changed. We have a $1.4 billion remaining authorization of our share repurchase and we intend to use it over time. As always, we're excited about the opportunities in Japan, in sports, and in the digital space. And to that end, we recently hired Atif Rafiq, who will be our President of Commercial and Growth, where he will develop new customer experiences business models and revenue streams. He comes to us from Volvo where he was overseeing the research on the next generation of automobiles and he was previously responsible for the global digital transformation at McDonald's, very experienced digital leader. We're very excited to see the changes he will bring when he arrives mid-May. On Japan, our Company has had a team there for roughly six years. We continued to deploy exceptional resources to that market and we expect to win and get a great return on all of it. Just recently, I've met with both the Mayor and the Governor of Osaka and was honored to inform them that MGM has adopted an Osaka-first strategy focusing our Company's considerable resources on creating a breathtaking resort that will celebrate the entire Kansai region. We've been clear from day one that we believe that it is essential to work in collaboration with Japanese companies to develop a uniquely Japanese integrated resort. And we have found a like-minded and natural partner in ORIX. We're forming a robust consortium that is anchored by but not exclusive to ORIX, who is a leader in consortium building in Japan. ORIX is a leading Osaka-based Japanese company with its roots and a significant asset base in Osaka and Kansai. And it shares with MGM a strong passion to develop a Kansai-focused integrated resort that will deliver a huge boost to the region's economy. Over the past two decades, MGM has developed and assembled our industry's most successful portfolio of premier real estate in the US. During this time we have executed on strategies to highlight this value and have been focused on unlocking long-term value for our shareholders. And to that end, our Ad hoc Real Estate Committee has made progress in evaluating numerous strategies to maximize the value of our assets, and working with outside advisers, has narrowed their analysis to a small handful of options. While there's no fixed timetable for their recommendation to the Board, I expect it will take months, not quarters. We're going to let the committee continue to do its work and present its recommendation we're not going to get ahead of them. So I appreciate you limiting your questions on this topic. And finally, while the industry may be on the cusp of another round of consolidation and change, I want to be clear that our path to creating shareholder value does not depend on M&A. We're undergoing meaningful change ourselves internally with MGM 2020 and we remain committed to our strategy focused on our core operations and maintaining the stability at the top levels of management. We believe that our efforts today will ultimately result in a stronger company with greater competitive positioning in the industry. Thank you. Now we'll turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will be from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joe Greff: My first question relates to the Baccarat segment in Las Vegas. How did that gaming patron and your views and outlook there compare presently to the outlook they had on February 13th when you reported fourth quarter results? As you look ahead, are there any signs to be optimistic given what we're seeing in terms of China macro and the prospects of US-China trade resolutions? And then I have a follow-up.
Bill Hornbuckle: Joe, hi, this is Bill Hornbuckle. Good afternoon. Look, I think we're seeing some of the same signs, but I think it's important to keep it relevant. First and foremost, remembering and go back on Jim's comments, '18 was an exceptional year. Our market share as it relates to Las Vegas has not deterred, I mean in fact we're mid 40s and we lead the marketplace here, and it was tied to a handful of customers. I think as you look at the balance of the year, it's important to understand that as of the first quarter, 30% to 40% of our net baccarat revenues have been had, if you will, given the cycle of how the year works in that marketplace, and if you look at our lineup and things that we have going forward and our ability to continue to attract, they're meaningful. Of note, Jim mentioned we have - in May we have Canelo, in June we have a Tyson Fury fight, in July we have Manny Pacquiao, and we also have Paul McCartney coming in June, all things that attract the Asian business and things we think and we know can motivate folks coming here. I think the other thing to keep in broad perspective given our diversification is that the net impact of all of this is mid single digits in terms of our EBITDA. Fundamentally, the business hasn't changed. We think we're in good shape, we're market leading, we think we've got an event calendar that will be meaningful and continue to drive the business.
James Murren: And Joe, this is Jim, just to answer the question, the baccarat trends are exactly what we had thought we would see when we gave you guidance in February.
Joe Greff: And Corey, you gave us a lot of details and information on 2020. You may have said this or you may have said this and I think Catherine you may have said it in a different way, but can you give us maybe as of, I don't know, the end of March or as of now I guess maybe the kind of year-to-date the tally on labor savings where we stand now and then how do you see that cadence in the 2Q in the back half of the year?
Corey Sanders: Yes, Joe, as I mentioned, we're looking to achieve $80 million in fixed labor savings. Most of that will be done by the end of Q2 and you'll start seeing that starting to flow through in Q3 and Q4.
Operator: The next question will be from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Maybe, Corey, just to stick with the same comments since you gave us so much detail on a 2020 plan, you know, as we get into this, is there - and there is some real big shuffles happening at the management levels, is there any risk of sort of near-term disruption to core operations in your view, anything that might be sort of revenue touching and then on that also we've seen some big systems implementations happen in the past and also create some dislocation out there for some companies that have gone through meaningful transitions. So anything on the systems side that investors should be aware of or could cause any disruption there?
Corey Sanders: So, Shaun, I'll answer the technology stuff and I'll team up with Bill on the operational stuff since we both have a pulse on it, but he's dealing with this real-time every day. On the technology side, we are implementing the ERP in the finance area, we have a very thoughtful plan also through our PMO office that I think will mitigate any type of transformation there. All the other technology that we're investing in I think will only enhance the customer experience and the employee's ability to service the customer. On the operational side, I'll turn it over to Bill to get his comments.
Bill Hornbuckle: Shaun, look, I'm looking in the room. We have three new Group Presidents here with us. Between their exposure and experience, my own, we were - this weekend was the first weekend we were in this new operating mode. We are all over the business. We all went to numerous properties. We have a great deal of faith than when left alone to operate the business and service our customers at the operating levels, at the property levels, we're going to be in great shape. Obviously, change is not easy. We're going to be going through a bunch of change dynamics, but again, we've been looking at this thing since late third quarter of last - excuse me, early third quarter of last year and we've thought through a lot of the opportunities that something like this would create and we think we're really well positioned to take care of them.
Shaun Kelley: And just my follow-up would just be on Park and Springfield. Jim, I think in your comments in the prepared remarks, you said that both are ramping well. Can you just give us a little bit more color on those. I mean we now have some hard numbers for both. Are these you know in line with your underwriting or are they going to ramp to your levels by the second half or when do you think will be at run rates that are consistent with what you're expecting to see there for each?
James Murren: Well, I think I would point to maybe National Harbor is a good example or other new properties that we have developed. Park MGM is really a new property. It certainly probably would have been easier to build a new property. But it is a new property today and we're exceptionally proud of the execution of the delivery of the product and the quality of the product. The financial returns are tracking what we had underwritten as long as they continue to ramp which we expect that they will. Springfield's start off slower than we had predicted, but is still on the trajectory that we had also predicted. So I believe that you're going to see - we expect to see at Springfield a ramp-up along the lines from a trajectory that we saw at National Harbor. But I can turn it over to Bill if you had any more --
Bill Hornbuckle: Maybe a little more color on Springfield to start. Obviously, it's seasonal. Northeast Corridor, particularly spring, will bring more business. It's happened throughout Connecticut and throughout the region, we anticipate that. We're in full leverage mode on entertainment, Sher, A. O. Smith, Steve Martin all come to Springfield in the near future. And so our opportunity to put programming in there to continue to expand it, we feel pretty good about, and March by far, and even if you look back on January, February, and March, March was our best month by far so far in the young history of the property. More on Park, it's beginning already to act like a luxury property, our ability to leverage rooms and particularly entertainment and food and beverage, Corey talked about yielding, but the grosses we're seeing with Gaga and Bruno are unheard of in the industry given the scale. And so we're pretty excited by what all that's going to bring us long term.
Operator: The next question comes from Harry Curtis with Instinet. Please go ahead.
Harry Curtis: First in - in Vegas, there are an awful lot of moving parts, the numbers in Vegas and it includes volumes and hold and also the charges that you've been incurring. So when you try and normalize that, how would you describe your business? Is it on an adjusted basis, do you think that the EBITDA is actually in a growth phase in 2019 or is it just going to take another two or three quarters to see that?
James Murren: You want me to start and then turn over to my colleagues. Hi, Harry. I think what we saw when we talked to you on the fourth quarter is what we're seeing right now. We expect that the market will be up this year in Las Vegas and that we expect at MGM Resorts to maintain if not build our share and we can get into some of the macros around that, you get a lot of information from either the LVCVA or airlines et cetera. And Corey and Bill can speak to that more, but the overall trends on Las Vegas as a market are the same as we saw in February, and 2020 looks really outstanding, which gives us the comfort to build our book, our base of business. Bill mentioned the entertainment side, we are clearly focused on that because we know it drives a lot of business. So that is a positive trend for '19 and then into 2020 because of the Raiders coming and the other activities that are going to have a major impact on visitation. The fact that our slot in non-bac table business is growing is an important data point. That's why we highlighted that it generally does speak to the overall health of the market and the fact that we're able to quickly absorb the capacity of the MGM conference center and actually make it profitable for us also speaks to the overall tone of the market. So from a high level, we feel very constructive on Las Vegas in '19 and '20 and then maybe I'll turn it to you Corey --
Corey Sanders: And what I would say here is, you know, as Jim mentioned, the trends that we're seeing other than the baccarat trends are positive and even that the hold impact from this year to prior year was pretty significant. We were held at the higher range last year and this year we're below the midpoint. But when you look at the first half of the year, we did mention that it would be a little bit more challenging and that the back half would be positive. And with our implementation of the 2020 efforts, it even gives us that much more confidence in growing our cash flow in the back half of the year.
Harry Curtis: And then I wanted to ask a question to Grant. Grant, if you would touch on a couple of topics including the - over the last 3 months to 6 months the direction of your market share, the contribution of the Mansion. And then just the mindset of VIP, the VIP junket and premium mass customers, kind of going back to Joe's question, in Macau, are you seeing any green shoots there in their behavior?
Grant Bowie: So let's go for the first one about market share. So we've continued to increase the share. So we've added about 1%, 100 basis points in the quarter and we continue to look forward to what we saw as a more appropriate level for us. In terms of, if I can now jump to the VIP in the market, I think we need to understand that Macau is maturing into a very defined segments. So the VIP business, which is both in-house and junket, the junket is a little contracted at the moment, they went through a very big growth curve. It seems very flat and I think, as everyone says, that market looks like it's going to be down for the rest of the year. In terms of the mass business and then some of that in-house VIP business, before we opened the Mansion, we were already starting to see a positive uptick, but since we've launched the Mansion and More, and also what we call Mansion One which is the gaming area, which came on stream actually in fourth quarter, we're seeing some really positive signs and re-emergence of customers that we have not had in the property. And frankly, we hadn't overly targeted them for Cotai because until we had the Mansion and we had the products and services that we know the demand, it was somewhat inappropriate for us to invite them and very dangerous. So they are coming back in and I can give you a general indication to this week that demand for the Mansion and the property is looking very strong for the Golden Week which starts here tomorrow. So in terms of our positioning, we're seeing positive indicators, we're seeing new customers, we're seeing existing customers return. In terms of the market, I would - we would see the mass business continuing probably in that upper single digit. I think the rest of the year is going to be challenging for junkets. And I think we also need to put it in context for Macau and for China, there's a lot of issue - a lot of things going on with the 20th anniversary of Macau, there's big celebrations - a big Issue - big meetings and activities going on in China.  So I'd say that at the junket end, it maybe a little challenging, but I'm very confident very positive and most importantly very positive about our product relative to the balance of the share.
Operator: The next question comes from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix: So, Jim, I know you reiterated your outlook for the full year and you gave us some things to think about for the second quarter in the deck, like you say high hold and you're going to have costs, I think it's $11 million in the second quarter. Are you - and then so you gave us that, but I'm wondering, are you facing any headwinds in terms of group business in the second quarter? I think something might have rotated out in June of this year and I know you're not giving particularly guidance, but when you look at Strip consensus EBITDA of almost $450 million in the second quarter and REVPAR of a little more than 2%, is that something you're comfortable with?
Corey Sanders: Yes, I'll answer that Felicia and we're not going to go into the REVPAR, but on the convention business in the second quarter, it's going to be a good quarter for us. We do have a tough comparison because last second quarter - last year second quarter is pretty solid. And in particular, June, we have a little bit of an impact at one of the properties, but we feel confident - comfortable where the rest of the year is and that the following year actually is even in a better place than this year.
James Murren: Yes, June, we had a good convention rotate out. It happens all the time. It happened this June, but overall tone we feel good about and more importantly for the year we haven't seen any change at all year in terms of the fundamentals, they remain very strong.
Felicia Hendrix: And then I think it was today actually Wynn announced that they're no longer going to charge for parking fees. Wondering how you guys are thinking about that?
Bill Hornbuckle: Hi Felicia, this is Bill. Look, we spend a lot of time, energy, money with technology, we think we have the right policy and the right program, their independent decision won't change ours going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Bill, you mentioned earlier, you talked a little bit about I think you said 30% to 40% of the baccarat revs in the first quarter and if you just look at - if I just look at the data from the Nevada Gaming Commission, on average, if I look at the first quarter as a percentage of the year just volumes it's basically 25% to 26% over the last few years and I understand you guys have had hold benefits last year and a little bit of a hold headwind this year, but is it the expectation that that seasonality this year within the baccarat segment will be pretty similar, as that would imply you know kind of like a 15% to 20% decline Strip wide in bac obviously starting from a tough spot here from the first quarter where a lot of that that seasonality gets built up but you guys see this first quarter being emblematic of the rest of the year to any extent?
Bill Hornbuckle: Look, I don't know that we're going to change our overall guidance for the year for sure. The first query is always the biggest quarter coming off the domestic New Years and Chinese New Year's. Our programming, although exciting, I mean, we've consistently had major events going forward, you know, hoping Pacquiao's fight data somebody we all know and love, could change the dynamic, but short of that, we think it's going to fall in line with the rest of history.
Carlo Santarelli: And then just one more if I could follow-up on that. Of the $35 million you guys called out the year-over-year negative EBITDA headwind from the baccarat shortfalls, how much of that do you think stems from just maybe the higher end being a little bit softer relative to the confluence of New Years, Chinese New Years and the Super Bowl dates being less favorable in '19 relative to '18?
James Murren: You know, Carlo, as usual, that's half a dozen customers give or take. As you mentioned, Super Bowl last year was 12 days apart. This year, it was literally two. So the two events fell on top of each other. So that had a lot to do with it. Obviously, looking forward, we think we can continue to drive the kinds of activity we always have. Our marketing groups are as strong as they've ever been in terms of people and positioning. I think Grant's growth and market share there has always been to our benefit here in Las Vegas. We've taken our marketing troops and implemented them more fully into like we've done here in Las Vegas into the Macau environment. And so you know we hope to, A, control our own market share which is you know again in the mid 40s and be continue forward progressively.
Operator: The next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Question for Grant. Your mass market hold increased pretty considerably and that mirrors one of your peers when they reported last week. Anything changing fundamentally with mass market hold?
Grant Bowie: No. But other than - other than it seems to be moving up and it's staying there, which is a positive thing which I think recognizes sort of a broadening and maturation of the market. Obviously, when you start bringing new customers and broadening the base, you seem to see the hold move forward and we're seeing that as a sort of almost like a market trend and holds in Cotai in particular in mass do seem to be a little bit higher. So I think that's just a coincidence of the market and I think it's a positive thing that we're seeing as we move forward.
Thomas Allen: And then just on Japan, the RFC for soccer was launched last week. Any updated thoughts on timing and then potential spend there? Thank you.
Bill Hornbuckle: This is Bill again. So obviously, they've issued it. It will be due in late August. They don't give a specific date. It's open for questions, then over the next couple of weeks, it is a full - they call it RFC but the (technical difficulty)
Operator: This is the Operator. Apparently we have a technical difficulty with our speaker's location, one moment please, stay on the line. Once again, please stay connected. We'll reconnect our presenters here in just one moment. Thank you very much. Thank you. I have reconnected our presenters' location for the call. Thank you very much.
Catherine Park: Hi, everyone. Apologies for that, we're in the middle of a huge thunderstorm here and it looks like we were dropped, but we're back on now.
Bill Hornbuckle: Next question operator.
Operator: Next question will be from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: I guess just one broader question, then I'll have a more specific question. But turning to sports betting as one of your target opportunities, can you talk about the trends you've seen in New Jersey and I think you even alluded to Mississippi. How should we anticipate your share evolving in these markets and maybe how the initial trajectories in these markets instruct your thoughts on future markets and strategy?
Bill Hornbuckle: This is Bill. So look, overall, we're really excited where we are, the GVC platform is just coming into play. We've now put the stadium which is their primary product in Borgata. We are finalizing and we'll open with permanent retail outlets in time for football in New Jersey and in Mississippi, in both those locations. And we've gotten through some of our earlier challenges around getting our mobile apps up. So I intend that we will gain share. We are obviously in this for the long haul. We have a massive partner with GVC. Obviously, our networks with all of the leagues have been and will continue to be very productive force in the long run. And then the interesting thing is, if you looked at Beau and Tunica's results, I think EBITDA in Beau is up 17% and Tunica was up 38% and a goodly portion of that was driven solely by people coming in for sporting events and then the general activity cases around that. So we see significant upside not only in retail but ultimately in mobile. The other affirmative thing is - and look I don't want to jinx this here, but it looks like Mass, Ohio and Michigan are all strong movers for 19 legislation and we like where those bills stand in terms of our ability to exercise on them and get full benefit from them. So overall we're fairly - we're very optimistic. We recognize on mobile in New Jersey even though we got off to a slow start, but I promise you, we will catch steam in a hurry here.
Stephen Grambling: And as an unrelated follow-up, Mandalay Bay revenue looked like it was down year-over-year on what seemed like an easier comparison. How much of that would you attribute to hold versus convention calendar or other factors that we should keep in mind?
James Murren: I can attribute it to the convention calendar. I think we've struggled with a particular group compared to year-over-year, but again, it's cyclical. I think overall Mandalay continues to heal. I'd say you know we're about 90% where we want to be, and we like where we're going, we're pushing forward. And remember, I think the real catalyst for change there is the Raiders. When that opens next August of 2020, the programming is going to change that whole south end of the Strip. It's literally in our backyard overharvesting end and it's a pedestrian walkway that will be converted Game Day and Event Day. And so we think it'll be substantive for the property.
Operator: Our next question comes from John DeCree with Union Gaming. Please go ahead.
John DeCree: Two quick ones for me maybe to start for Jim or Grant. Jim, I think in your prepared remarks, you've talked about maybe tweaking the offering at Cotai and you mentioned an opportunity to maybe add 50 or 60 suites. Is there a more formal thought process there and given some of the demand dynamics in Macau, I mean how quick could you get rooms online? And is that - is that's something you're thinking about now that the Mansions and some of the VIP products are online?
James Murren: Yes, I think I'll turn it over to Grant on the ground there and I can add to it.
Grant Bowie: I think as many of you know we actually held back setting up the top tier of the south tower and that's what the white box is. We're actually in the planning phases where we're appointing architects. It'll probably take us into the end of next year, it's probably 15-month to 16-month, 18 months, 17 months buildout. The critical point for us was to work out exactly what we wanted. And as you hear today, we've clearly defined as to the suite product and that's just working through it. And then on the notion of product and tailoring product, whenever you open a new property, we always know that we do our best to get it right, but we always work out if things have changed during the buildout phase. But our focus is to bring in more food and beverage. And we're working through that process. We're starting work on our another dining space straight after the holiday in the casino space and we're now seeking out and locking down a series of new food and beverage concepts, not large, hopefully smaller. And at the same time, as part of the activation spectacle, we're looking for even pop-up solutions that we can do so simply to animate and develop. And for someone like yourselves in Union Gaming, very focused on the Macau market, you understand that all the properties are now looking at lots of new initiatives, particularly in the food and beverage space. So that's really our focus over the next few months. Jim, anything you want to add.
James Murren: Yes, I would just add Grant that what you've told me several times and how constructive and bullish we are on the market itself and how we've been frustrated at MGM that we haven't been able to deliver the entire suite of products that people expect of us, particularly in the high end. Now with the Mansion open, the Mansion villas as well as the gaming areas, we feel like it's - now we're finally on our footing that we can really grow some significant share in a very strong market. So it's important to us in Asia as of course is our efforts in Japan and I think somebody - we've got cut off on Carlos when we were talking about Japan. Can I turn over to you Bill for a second?
Bill Hornbuckle: I don't know if it was Carlos or Tom, but just to reiterate, the RFC has come out. We have sometime in August. They haven't been exactly definitive for when the RFC is done - due in Osaka. It's robust. It is extensive and it feels like an RFP which I think plays to our favor between ourselves and our partner in ORIX. We've literally spent a half a dozen years on the ground there and we're going to be ready for this thing with a great deal of velocity and programming. But from there, we hope by next spring to be in full-on RFP process with the national government and look forward from there.
Operator: And that question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Thank you for fitting another one in. I know you commented on your M&A strategy or I'm sorry that your growth strategy doesn't depend on M&A and obviously I think you've talked before about how properties with a lot of regional exposure don't make sense, but can you comment on, would a single asset - a single property asset in Vegas makes sense in your portfolio given all the tremendous synergies it seems like it would have especially that what you're doing this year in terms of furthering that. So any comment on that? And then I was just going to as a follow-up also ask about what convention mix you expect in 2019 because you probably have most of it on the books at this point itself. Can you handle all that? Thanks.
James Murren: Sure Robin. So the standard answer is not to comment on M&A, but a couple of thoughts on your question. I think that something is happening in Las Vegas right now, it's very exciting, very good for the home team. There's a tremendous amount of interest in Las Vegas real estate, both non-gaming and gaming real estate and certainly there's a tremendous interest in a luxury property that is being marketed for sale right now. What that is doing is bringing a lot of attention both in terms of operators and in terms of real estate owners and investors to Las Vegas to look at the Valley and of course we own about half of the Valley and so it's good for us from the standpoint of having some good discussions and it'll be interesting to watch what plays out. There hasn't been a significant transaction in about a decade on the Strip. So we love what we own and operate. We look at things all the time. However, as I said, you know we are very focused on what we do have. And I think we can execute and we'll over deliver on our 2020 plans and our free cash flow with the team we have in place and the properties we have. So I would say it's topical. It's valuable. It's actually positive for MGM that there's interest in Las Vegas as a market. But our focus is on executing on these plans because this is within our control. We've done this before with PGP. We're confident that we can do it here. We've got the right team to do it. And if we over deliver on our expectations here, that's the simplest way, the clearest way of increasing shareholder value and we're not going to let anything detract, distract us from that. You had another question, Robin?.
Robin Farley: On the convention mix.
James Murren: Convention, who's going to tackle that.
Corey Sanders: I have in front of me if I did. Robin, we think it just north of 18%.
Robin Farley: And then I imagine you expect that would go up next year just with [ConAg] rotating back in?
Corey Sanders: It arguably it should, yes.
James Murren: And in closing, I just want to thank you all, sorry for that brief drop off with a rare thunderstorm here in Las Vegas we didn't expect, but we're very confident of the Las Vegas market both in terms of this year and moving forward. I hope you can firmly grasp that the baccarat issue is we believe an isolated event, not permanent in nature. We've been around a long time. We've seen this movie before. We have no change in the outlook. We talked about this in February, here we are in April, and we feel very confident on our full-year outlook and what's going to happen in the second half. We're well under way, a lot of progress has been made on the 2020 plan. A lot of momentum has been developed and we're confident that we're going to hit our targets. And I can't emphasize enough our long-term strategy and the goals that are unchanged, the 2020 targets, winning in Japan, dominating in sports betting and continue to allocate capital in a disciplined fashion, now that our major development cycle is behind us and our annual CapEx number is highly known to us which would yield significant and growing free cash flow, which we'll use the way we've described. And with that, I want to thank you all for joining us. And as always, reach out with any questions that you may have.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-13 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Joining from the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer and Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are in listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. In fairness to all participants, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Please note this conference is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo. Sir, you may begin.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Cole, and good afternoon and welcome everyone to the MGM Resorts International fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at investors.mgmresorts.com and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this afternoon as well. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information, updates or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures and talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is also available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll now turn it over to Jim.
James J. Murren: Well, thank you, Dan, and good afternoon, everyone. We had a good fourth quarter and end to the year coming in above our guidance here in Las Vegas. On a consolidated basis, our fourth quarter revenues grew 18% year-over-year and our adjusted EBITDA grew 21% excluding certain one-time benefits. Here in Las Vegas, our strong fourth quarter was driven by selectively leveraging our casino data base and healthy convention business that improved intra-quarter. We delivered revenue growth of 6% and RevPAR growth of over 8%. We grew EBITDA by 15% or 8% if you exclude one-time benefits despite holding at the low end of our table games range. Our fourth quarter margins increased 220 basis points during the quarter or by 50 basis points after that same adjustment. This was the best fourth quarter in Las Vegas since 2007. We’ve many of the premier assets across United States and our regional properties performed well in the fourth quarter with revenues up 18% and EBITDA up by 32%. We set fourth quarter revenue and EBITDA records at MGM Grand Detroit, MGM National Harbor, Beau Rivage, and Gold Strike Tunica. Over Macau, the overall gaming market grew by 9%. MGM China's revenues grew by 33% and EBITDA was up 11% as we gained market share in the fourth quarter. Grant will be available during the Q&A course to answer any questions that you may have. Now I want to spend a few minutes on our MGM 2020 plan, which we announced last month. As you know, couple of years ago, when we implemented our profit growth plan, we underwent an organizational transformation that resulted in key centralized business functions to create best practices across our resort portfolio. This platform is established now and running and we can now leverage the centralized functions. MGM 2020 will be rolled out in phases. We announced Phase 1 on January 3 and with the help of outside consultants, we will implement comprehensive organizational changes as we find more efficient ways to operate. As announced, we expect Phase 1 to realize $200 million in annualized EBITDA uplift by the end of 2020. Half of that will be labor savings, 25% from sourcing and the remaining 25% from revenue optimization. Phase 2 is centered on the company reallocating a portion of our annual CapEx budget to technology investments. We expect these investments to increase our revenues through a customer centric strategy, driven by data, digital and loyalty capabilities. We expect this will yield an additional $100 million in EBITDA by the end of 2021. Through MGM 2020, we are investing in our business to drive long-term growth. As we saw with PGP, we expect to see financial benefits building. And in this case into the back half of 2019. Accordingly, we expect to realize a third of the initial $200 million of EBITDA by the end of this year with approximately two-thirds of that coming from our Las Vegas properties. We spent a lot of time on this. We talked about it last May during our Investor Day. We made it official in January. We have the full internal team focused on this effort. We’ve a strong sense of the numbers. We know how we will achieve those numbers and you will hear more about our progress in the near future. Turning to this year, we believe we are positioned well here in Las Vegas with better citywide convention expectations as well as our own bookings. We are also excited about the entertainment calendar, bolstered by great programming at Park Theater, featuring of course Lady Gaga who sells out every single night. Our business fundamentals are solid. However, we will maintain a level of caution as we navigate through broader market volatility, the rising cost environment, trade tensions and the resulting concerns on global growth. That said, we believe, based on what we're seeing today that the consensus for Las Vegas strip EBITDA for the full-year 2019 seems reasonable. As I mentioned earlier, we're making good progress on MGM 2020. We will incur some costs in the front end before we start to see the financial benefits as I said in the second half of this year. We are excited to have Park MGM and NoMad fully open. We view this property just like a brand-new opening and expect a normal ramp up period over the next couple years. And as you know, we're making important investments in sports and entertainment that we believe will reap future benefits. Our regional properties are off to a solid start this year. The addition of Empire City in New York and the soon-to-be acquired Northfield Park in Ohio, further cements our leadership in the Northeast and enhances our cross marketing efforts across our entire portfolio. Macau is number one gaming market in the world, but we all know it can be volatile. Therefore our focus there is on increasing our market share as now all the amenities in Cotai become fully available. We're pleased that our VIP junket areas are open, the Mansion high-end Casino is now operational, and the mansion which is stunning will soon be receiving guests. And as we look into 2019 and beyond, we are committed to our long-term strategy and our goals remain intact. Our 5-year capital cycle is now complete and we will reap the benefits of these investments in National Harbor, Cotai, Springfield and Park MGM. And today we are reaffirming our consolidated free cash flow per share target of $3.50 in 2020. Our project MGM 20 gives us increased confidence in our ability to hit those targets even in light of a more uncertain macro environment. We continue to be focused on a fortified balance sheet with targeted consolidated net leverage of 3x to 4x by year-end 2020. Over the past two decades, MGM has developed and assembled our industry's most successful portfolio of premier real estate in the United States. And during that time, we've executed on strategies to highlight this value and have been focused on unlocking long-term value for our shareholders. And this will continue. Our management team and the recently announced ad hoc committee remain committed to exploring and executing a real estate strategy that is most optimal for MGM Resorts. One that supports our goals of enhancing free cash flow per share, maximizing the value of our own real estate, preserving the company's financial flexibility and creating sustainable shareholder value. Lastly, while the company is focused on targeted growth opportunities such as sports betting and Japan's IR, we will continue to return any excess cash to shareholders in the form of share buybacks and dividends. In fact, we returned $1.5 billion to shareholders through buybacks in dividends in 2018. In this afternoon, we just announced another increase to our dividend. So now let's turn it back over for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Joe Greff with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Joseph Greff: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Jim, it's great to hear you talk about the momentum and not just on the Strip, but also in regionals and Macau. But my first question or questions are more strategic in nature. My first question relates to the ad hoc committee of Board that was established last month. Can you talk in broad terms about what is being evaluated, i.e. is the committee and the Board looking at things? The Board has looked out before and it passed on because of timing of circumstance. Is it a new willingness to transact real estate that you weren't willing to do before. How important are tax considerations today versus these considerations before? And to what extent is MGP Independent front and center in the committee's evaluation. And then related to this what’s the timeline for when you would expect this to make --this committee to present to the Board, its recommendation and when would the Board booked to act upon such recommendations, I know it's a lot here.
James J. Murren: Yes, thanks. So let me -- I will start and we have -- and you’ve followed us a while, we've always thought about what is in the best interest of the shareholders, how can we strategically create value. We’ve been doing that for a long time. The creation of the UPREIT with MGP was borne partly out of that belief that we can create value, create a new security, in the triple net space and of course it's been very successful brought that public at $21 a share, then, and it's like $30. We've said at the time and we remained very committed to the fact, we expect MGP to continue to grow. In fact, we expect it will outgrow its peer group and the triple net broader sector. And it can because it can transact with MGM unlike many others, and it can make third-party transactions done accretively as they have done since they’ve been public. And through that, through the growth of MGP, we expected MGM Resorts that are interest will decline not because we would like to sell op units, but because we expect MGP to grow. The idea of the ad hoc committee was to accelerate input even greater focus on the opportunities that MGM Resorts board believes it has in assembly the kind of real estate that we uniquely own. We among any other company have the real estate throughout the United States that affords us the opportunity to evaluate on a property by property basis, how to maximize value. In the ad hoc committee which has already met a couple times, as already talking to bankers, is going to be focused on that very effort. With management and the ad hoc committee consisting of real estate and shareholder experts are going to be working with management and the full board to deliver their findings. And of course they’re board members, the board members have helped us as management craft our entire strategic goal. And this is very, very exciting, but complicated and we are going to make sure we get it right not for tomorrow, but for the many tomorrows in the future. I’m not going to get ahead of the ad hoc committee and give you a timetable considering it was only formed on 24 January. But I will say they’re focused, they’re expert, they will be professionally advised and that be working with a full board and management and we're excited about the opportunities that it seems to us we have more than any other company in our space. There will be a lot more to speak to this in the coming months and quarters.
Joseph Greff: Thank you for your thoughts. I think my follow-up question was already taken.
James J. Murren: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: And our next question comes from Harry Curtis with Instinet. Please go ahead.
Harry Curtis: Hi, everyone. So Jim you talked about the probable strength in the group outlook for Las Vegas in 2019. And according to the LVCVA data, it looks like first quarter is strong, second quarter's growth is even stronger. How to use -- how do you compare that to what you see on your books so far by? And if you could give us some color by quarter.
James J. Murren: I will turn that over to Corey on the convention side.
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. I think -- hey, Harry. Throughout the year our convention business is pretty solid. We have a lot of it. Most of its on the books already, but on a cadence by quarter, we' re seeing improvement in every quarter compared to last year. Obviously, the first quarter is going to be our strongest as it always has, but all the other quarters look pretty good for us also.
Harry Curtis: Okay. And Jim, just a follow-up on that. The question in inquiring minds want to know is that do you have any bid for giving some indication of what RevPAR in the first quarter might look like?
James J. Murren: Nice try Harry. Dan, you want to give a view on what we think about in terms of that kind of guidance?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well sir, I will. Thanks, Harry for the question. Clearly we've been, Aaron, Cathy, and myself, the whole team here have been talking to a lot of you all, both on the buy side and the sell side and really as you all know we’ve been seeking that counsel and that guidance and that input for quite some time. There is one real common thread that really came through in most of those conversations, which was really getting to the longer-term vision story and goals that we're trying to achieve and attain here from a company standpoint. So we're going to continue to give you a lot of color. Obviously, Corey just gave you a lot of color around the convention business. We're going to continue to give you a lot of insight into the baseline business and what we're seeing. But getting into kind of quarterly specifics, has not worked out too well for us. So we are going to continue to focus on the long-term, as you will get a chance to go through the deck that we posted, which has a lot of information in it. You will see that we are reaffirming our 2020 $3.50 per share free cash flow guidance as well as some of our EBITDA targets in 2020. Obviously, Jim, commented on the consensus numbers for the year and we feel like it's the investment community a lot of good data points to be aligned with management and what we’re trying to achieve here.
Harry Curtis: Thank you for that. And my second question I wanted to shift to Macau, a real quick question for Grant. Grant you had very strong revenue growth up 33%. EBITDA growth was shy of that. Would that do more to mix, more VIP mix? And as we look ahead, how would you expect that flow through to look as we get into the back half of this year, particularly when the Mansion opens?
Grant R. Bowie: Yes. The margin actually is about where we were expected. But you are correct there was obviously mix effect, particularly with the introduction of the junkets into Cotai. And clearly now that we are stabilizing the Cotai operation that focus we had to put on cost management [indiscernible] and critical to us. So in terms of the go forward, we are in that phase of just locking everything down. In terms of the mansion, clearly we're excited that we are bringing that all on board and getting all of those assets generating. And so as a result of that, we are -- well, I’m very positive in terms of how we are now building that momentum. Also excited that we're starting to see stabilization and business opportunities reemerging in Macau, because as I’ve already -- always indicated we see this as a two property strategy and we want to drive the importance by property. So, yes, we are confident that we can improve margin. We still give the guidance. We look to the mid to upper 20s in terms of margin performance.
Harry Curtis: Okay, Grant. Terrific. Thanks very much, guys.
Grant R. Bowie: Thanks, Harry.
Operator: And our next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Just going to the slide deck and some of the longer-term goals that you guys provided, I believe, you did mention that for the Las Vegas trip on the -- on an adjusted property basis, you're now expecting to see 32% to 33% margin in 2020. Could you maybe at a high-level give us what your sort of backdrop or assumptions would be to necessarily attain that? I know a piece of it clearly has to be the 2020 plan where a lot of those savings will come from the Las Vegas operations. But so what you need maybe from a top line perspective to actually achieve that or do you think you can get there in even a fairly kind of low or benign top line environment?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Hey, Shaun, it's Dan here. I will start and if anybody else has anything -- I think when you kind of look at it, obviously MGM 2020 is an important component of that strategy and how we get to those targeted numbers. It gives us definitely a higher level of confidence in getting there, in terms of that margin in EBITDA target. When you look at what we're assuming, we're assuming kind of more or less the market is kind of status quo. That low kind of single-digit top line growth and really kind of honing in on what we can control in terms of margin, continuing to use the tools that we've used in the past. From a cost standpoint as well as the team as you saw in the fourth quarter did a great job in terms of yielding our rates up, filling the buildings with the most profitable customers we can put into the rooms and we’re going to continue to deploy that strategy going forward. And so it's from the top line standpoint were not looking at a Herculean lift, but it's pretty much status quo.
Shaun Kelley: That's perfect and helpful Dan. Thanks. And then my follow-up would just be on the 2020 plan. With the kind of the one-third of the contribution you are expecting to occur this year, is that -- is the total contribution going to be net of the investments in the first half? And then as we move into, I guess 2020, would we expect some of these upfront investments, which I am primarily thinking in my head are consulting type costs, will those burn off at some point, meaning these are things that you have to -- they're not necessarily run rate expenses, just help us understand those two dynamics.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, sure. So the two goals, both Phase 1 and Phase 2 are net of the expenses that we need to kind of get the ball rolling on -- in both of those phases. As we look at it, there obviously will be both operational and capital. As you go through the deck, you will see there's probably in our capital number this year, there's about $75 million of incremental spend for these projects that we are looking at on the technology side. And those will come with a return ascribed to them as well. So it is net, and we will be as transparent as possible in going through this over the upcoming quarters. So you make sure you have all the numbers for your analysis.
James J. Murren: And you are right, it will burn off, as we go throughout the year into next year.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thanks very much everyone.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Thanks, Shaun.
Operator: And our question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Good afternoon and thanks. So, Jim and Dan, in the past you guys have said, as you were over the past few quarters reflecting upon your guidance conundrum, you’ve said that you guys don’t get -- do such a great job with guiding out past one quarter, the quarter that you're in. So can you just help us understand the confidence in the full-year EBITDA guidance you gave us in your prepared remarks?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, I think, a couple of things. I think one is, I necessarily wouldn't hang my head on that being official guidance. What we are looking at is obviously the current estimates that are out there. And again, they seem reasonable from that perspective in looking at the 2019 period.
James J. Murren: And also, instead of not a good job, we’ve half of the baccarat business in this market. We are bigger than our top two competitors combined. We have over 42,000 hotel rooms, but it is a market that's very dynamic. And so we are trying to give color, but recognizing the fact that this is not a global company in the sense of spreading all of our assets all around the world, we are giving you very specific color as to Las Vegas, and I don't think anyone does a better job than us. I think it's been a dynamic market.
Felicia Hendrix: I'm just using words you guys have used …
James J. Murren: Yes.
Felicia Hendrix: … in the past. And then I wanted to circle back to the committee to evaluate your real estate portfolio. I know it's really early stages and perhaps just in this release and the way that it's out there, this could evolve over time. But I’m just trying to wrap my arms around the whole process of evaluating your real estate portfolio, because when you think about your real estate portfolio, it's really three wholly-owned assets on the Strip and your JV in CityCenter right, because Springfield is already kind of called for. And so, I'm just trying to -- from my own analytical purposes, trying to see what benefit you might get from selling those assets beyond potentially issuing a special dividend, or maybe holding that cash to use for CapEx for Japan, because your balance sheet -- even without that, will get to your optimal levels. I think everyone would -- based on the guidance that you have for the next few years. So I’m just -- can you help us understand what evaluate your real estate portfolio really means, because you don't really have a lot of real estate left?
James J. Murren: Sure. Well we don’t have a lot of assets left, but we've a tremendous amount of real estate value. I'm sitting in a building that's worth billions right now.
Felicia Hendrix: Oh yes, you have those two, right? And that’s -- that could generate -- exactly, but it's just kind of -- I guess, what I'm really trying to get at is, how could that be strategically benefit -- beneficial for your valuation and the longer-term shareholders, beyond perhaps special dividend or something like that?
James J. Murren: Right. Thank you. I mean that's the question that we are working on here at management and the full board. And the reason why we created this committee, is really to create some real focus on evaluating what our very complex decisions that get into our balance sheet, get into our -- the tax basis of assets, get into our growth forecasts. And because we’ve the talent on our board, specific around real estate and because they've been willing to give their time, I felt as part of management and as part of the board, that it would be beneficial to all of us to accelerate our thinking, and our knowledge accumulation, as to what we should do. But I don't want to -- I want to be very clear on this. The ad hoc committee as part of the board is focused on the same strategic goals as the entire board and management to reduce our leverage, to drive our free cash flow, to create the quantum of cash that we believe we're going to use, because we believe we're going to win in Japan to be able to allocate the cash to the shareholders, while concurring with our leverage targets. And so, you are absolutely right, we only have a few assets that are wholly-owned today by MGM Resorts. We have a joint venture that is very valuable, that we've said, we would like to strategically rationalize in the future. And we’ve the ROFO asset in Springfield. And they’re going to look at all those properties and those ideas with outside advisers and I feel really good about it frankly, because it will allow management to work with a very expert group of people, and our shareholders want to know, and we want to let them know, what is in the best interest of the shareholders from a standpoint of maximizing value. And I thought this will be a great way that identify the seriousness, the focus that the company has on our unmatched portfolio, both in terms of what we own outright, and what we own through MGP, and how it is that we look at those two entities and our joint ventures to maximize value. And that's really why we setup the committee. And as I said, they've already met, they've even been bankers. They're very focused, and I've been really happy with the output so far.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you. That’s super helpful. And Grant, just quickly, any early comments on Chinese New Year?
Grant R. Bowie: Well for us, the most pleasing is the Chinese New Year. This year is actually our second. We had our anniversary, so we are through our first year. It was solid for us. Lot of traffic in the city. It looks like the bridge has driven a lot of traffic. Probably hasn't -- as we see across [indiscernible] converted into gaming revenue. But we are also seeing indications that the play is extending longer. So we are well into the 10th day now and play -- and particularly in the upper end of the market that is pretty positive. So I would expect that, definitely for us, it has been a good holiday period continuing on from the fourth quarter for us, but from the city, I think it's probably solid. Lots of traffic, but I’m not expecting that there's significant spikes in GGR. I would just reiterate comments I've made in the past. I think we are now starting to find that from a gaming play, when we get into these big holiday seasons, we are -- clearly we are getting a lot of footfall and a lot of traffic into the city. It's not necessarily -- it's probably more likely to be leisure visitors, as opposed to strictly, say, more gaming leisure.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Thank you.
James J. Murren: And maybe I should bring up Chinese New Year's over here in Las Vegas, anticipating the question. I think we highlighted this, didn't we, in the deck? We had a very high hold percentage last year. And we are not holding to that level right now, number one. And secondly, there are a few players that just did not come to the United States, partly due to the government shutdown, some other logistical issues. We lost some groups to places like Sydney and London. So we can thank our total government for that, but we have still a good play in town. And as I said earlier -- as of last year at least, we're 49% of the entire baccarat business in Las Vegas. And so, I feel like we have a good feel for what's going on here, but I would say for -- at this point in time, we're going to be below what we earned last year for Chinese New Year, as a result of the whole delta and fewer customers in town.
Felicia Hendrix: Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey everybody, good afternoon. If I could -- and may be Corey is best with this. With respect to the mix for 2019; I know last year or I should say 2018, you guys made a concerted effort to kind of expand your casino occupied room nights. As you think about 2019 and acknowledging, it sounds like your in-house and obviously citywide group is going to be a little bit better, so I would expect that to increase a little bit. Is the objective to continue to grow what I think is like a mid-to higher teens casino base at present?
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. I think -- look we constantly look at the market and look at what our competition is doing. I think there's opportunities to grow that base, from a customer gross profit per room night, they’re definitely higher than some of our other segments. In particular, our focus is not just on the convention, but also improving the transient side of it, and as you mentioned the casino side. The one challenge we are having now that we see in the market is on the leisure side, and especially on the land only. And we're seeing customers potentially going to Europe and other areas. But I think by increasing our casino database, it will help us offset some of loss in those areas. But in general, we think there's still opportunities to move this a few percent, and be much more profitable as a company.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. And Corey, just to kind of follow-up on what you said. One of your competitors earlier this earnings season referred to Las Vegas as a marketers market, and I’m assuming that that’s kind of dovetails with what you just noted on, on the leisure business. Are you guys seeing any kind of heightened promotional activity in Las Vegas around that leisure business?
Corey I. Sanders: Look, I don't think it's any different than what it has been. When you don’t have a base of convention or other events happening in town, that segment has always been very competitive. I don’t see much of a difference in the offers going out there. They are always pretty rich, and the amount of I’m seeing actually they seem a little lower this year, than what was happening in the third quarter.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. That’s helpful. Thank you guys.
Corey I. Sanders: Thanks, Carlo.
Operator: And our next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas Allen: Hi. So there's a lot of focus from investors on your Strip margins, and seeing progress there. Considering that your margin is up every quarter in 2019, does that make sense or based on your previous comments, should they more hockey-stick in the second half '19 and into 2020? Thanks.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Hey, Tom, it's Dan. I think, obviously, factoring the comments we made around Chinese New Year's and hold, we did hold pretty high in the first few quarters last year, more towards the high-end of that range, so that always impacts. And when we do our modeling, we are using kind of midpoint of our range kind of numbers. So that’s going to impact a part of that margin. But you're correct in that, as MGM 2020 begins to ramp up in the back half of the year, that’s going to help the margins in terms of a third and fourth quarter from that perspective, as well as some of the burning off of some of the expenses of the upfront cost for the initiatives.
James J. Murren: And the ramp up of Park MGM and our convention business.
Thomas Allen: Helpful. And then just on the topic of ramping, can you talk about -- give any incremental color on how you see Springfield performing today, and how do you think that probably is going to ramp, and the other properties that are ramping right now? Thank you.
James J. Murren: Sure. Do you want to go with that? We both know. I was just there. Oh gosh, it's a beautiful property and great. Unbelievable feedback we get from customers, from the gaming commission in Massachusetts, from the elected officials and our food and beverage operations are ahead of target. Our hotel business is ahead of target. Our gaming business is slower, but ramping. We actually saw the almost exact same thing at National Harbor, as we built into a brand new market for us. So we expect that, given the quality of the assets and the people working there and the word-of-mouth marketing, we are going to be a little bit more tactical in marketing and reminding people that we are there, particularly, leading up to a competitor in Everett, that's opening up in the second half of this year. But we view its operating future very much the same as what we’ve seen in a different scale, with a smaller investment up there than at National Harbor, but what we are seeing in our other new properties.
Thomas Allen: Helpful. Thank you.
James J. Murren: Thanks.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: And our next question comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, I guess first a follow-up on the real estate and ad hoc committee. You mentioned reducing leverage in the response to another question as a first kind of priority, and thinking about monetizing real estate. How would you think about the appropriate leverage ratio for an asset light OpCo relative to one with underlying real estate?
James J. Murren: I think that’s going to be part of what the committee does. As we evaluate the asset intensity of MGM Resorts and understanding the fact that MGP is a triple net and MGM Resorts is and always will be responsible for the capital that we continue to invest into those properties, which has been very successful. We are going to make sure that MGM Resorts' balance sheet meets the objectives that we’ve laid out and is as durable as possible. And I think we've made this very clear before, we are not going to be in a situation we found ourselves back in '08 on the eve of a global recession. We are going to be more conservatively postured. We are increasingly aware of what’s going on around the world. Global trade tensions, slowdown, RevPAR declines and reductions of RevPAR guidance at hotel companies. And so, we are going to take all that on board with an eye toward making sure that we have that [indiscernible] balance sheet that we are delivering on the beacon, that is $3.50 of free cash flow in 2020, and anything that we do with our real estate portfolio or what we own of MGP, will have to fit very squarely within those strategies.
Stephen Grambling: That’s clear. And maybe changing directions a little bit, we are seeing more news drilling out of Japan on the integrated resort side. Can you just provide whatever color you can on how you are thinking about the opportunity, including the next key milestones and any evolution on your expectations?
James J. Murren: Sure, I will. We’ve had -- so a lot of progress in Japan. We’ve been there, as you know longer than anyone else. The government is literally still traveling around the world, learning best practices in terms of how to implement a proper RFP process, as well as the regulatory framework. We have a large team there in both Tokyo and Osaka. We just recently opened up a office in Osaka. We’ve committed now to the Mayor and to the Governor of Osaka, that MGM has adopted in Osaka first strategy, we are focusing our considerable resources on Osaka. The government itself has said that they likely come out with rules and policies this year, July August of '19. Osaka as a prefecture, we believe its RFP will come out soon thereafter. And we think at this point in time, our guess is that an operator will be selected by Osaka by early 2020. The next step for Osaka or any other jurisdiction is to go to the central government. We know we think Osaka will be one of the three concessions that will likely be granted, but we know the central government has to select Osaka and its operator. That probably happens maybe 12, 18 months after Osaka itself picks its operator. And remember that Osaka's goal is to have an IR opened by 2025, that's when the World Expo is in Osaka. So we’ve been very active. That's why you don't hear Bill Hornbuckle on this call, because he is in Japan right now. And we are focusing our energies there. We have been developing consortium partners, exciting programming, getting ready for RFP submission. We have no illusions to the fact, that it will not be competitive, it will be highly competitive. But I think the cards are stacked in the favor of those who are prepared, who have been working hard, who will have the best program, best strategy, the best understanding of the country, of the prefecture, and I like a lot, MGM's chances.
Stephen Grambling: That’s great. One last quick one, if I could. Just can you give us any sense for how forward trends are unfolding at Park MGM as we get past the renovations? And has anything changed in your expectations for how this property returns will ultimately shake out? Thanks.
James J. Murren: Yes, I mean we had a -- it was a busy fourth quarter at Park MGM. Multiple, multiple elements opened up throughout the quarter, both in terms of the food and beverage venues, in terms of the nightclub, in terms of the residency for Lady Gaga, all that is right on track. And we've been building in the early days, of course, only couple -- month and a half into it, right on track from what we've talked about in terms of our return on investment goals. We are highly confident we are going to achieve them. The property is completed now. Eataly has been opened and is doing extraordinary revenue on a daily basis. The other restaurants are very successful. The shows are selling out every single show. The ADR is moving up quite rapidly, both at Park MGM and at NoMad. We are still transitioning the customers from the old Monte Carlo customer to a Park MGM and a NoMad customer. So that is the ramp component of it, but our GEM scores or customer scores are through roof, in terms of the attractiveness of the property and Corey do you have anything to add?
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. The other thing, getting that front door has been a big plus and we are seeing the casino numbers we were hoping to see at this stage in the game. As Jim mentioned, the food and beverage numbers are where we expected, as are the hotel numbers. Just transitioning that customer, which we think will take some time, but the acceptance of the property has been amazing and all you have to do is walk through there on any event night and just see what potential for that property is.
James J. Murren: Here is an amazing thing. I don't know if we've talked about this. But before we built the Park, before we built the plaza in T-Mobile, the traffic counts on the east side of the Strip were profoundly higher than they were on the west side of the Strip. Now it's completely the opposite to the point that the county is building a bridge, so that people stop trying to run across from the east side to the west side. I don't know when that bridge is going to be done, but it's underway right now. That's really the last element. It's not in our control, that's a county project. But to give you a sense of the traffic flow is now on the west side of the Strip, as a result of T-Mobile, the Park, the improvements to New York and obviously the improvements to Park MGM.
Grant R. Bowie: The Bridge is supposed to be done around summer.
James J. Murren: Summer?
Grant R. Bowie: Yes.
James J. Murren: The Bridge this summer.
Stephen Grambling: That’s helpful. Thanks. Best of luck this year.
James J. Murren: Thank you.
Corey I. Sanders: Thank you, Stephen.
Operator: And our question comes from John Decree with Union Gaming. Please go ahead.
John DeCree: Good afternoon everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Just one for me, Jim. Wanted to get your thoughts on sports betting industry. You’ve been very deliberate and quick in choosing your partners' sports league, your technology partner and GVC, and seems like we had a little bit of a roadblock with the latest opinion from the DoJ, that seems aimed at inhibiting the industry. I was wondering if you had an initial view on the path forward? And I guess more specifically, has it changed MGM's thinking at all in the near-term or is it still full throttle on the interactive and sports betting side for your company?
James J. Murren: Yes first on the second part, the latest missive from the DOJ is perplexing is an understatement. And if read as words, it would mean that Powerball as it exists in 44 states in the United States, isn't legal anymore. And so it's just -- we think an absurdly, poorly written and unenforceable opinion. And I don't think anyone in the industry, the gaming industry, the sports betting industry, feels any differently. As it relates to our strategy, we have -- we are really excited. We are proud of what we've done. I think we've talked about this before, but we felt the pillars of success would be the following. We wanted to make sure that we had the right technology, in-house, scalable, evolving technology and we knew we didn't have it and we didn't want to buy it off the shelf and we did not want to buy a company, and that led us to the robust negotiations and the conclusion of joint venture with GVC, and that is working out extremely well, certainly from an MGM perspective, but I think GVC would say the same. We have a leader there. They are scaling up their operations. They are sourcing the headquarters. They are building staff. So we feel that, that was the right decision, not only from a technology perspective, but to get the in-game betting analytics, which are really vital to real success. That’s one. Secondly, we wanted to develop an extraordinarily robust trusted relationship with customers, which is why -- before we did almost anything else, we started reaching out to targeted number of the leagues. Those league partnerships which we’ve announced, have resulted in manifest opportunities for us. The NBA, as an example, because of that partnership, you are going to see a far more exciting, longer lived summer league activity out here this year, what I think tremendous more attendance, viewership, interest, as one example. The MLB partnership, in addition to working with MLB and their advanced analytics, through their dotcom channels, has also resulted in some exciting Japan opportunities for us, as MGM is hosting a number of the roadshow events that MLB is doing in Japan, leading up to some games that teams like the A's and the Mariners are playing against themselves and against Japanese teams. The NHL, with their puck and play, and of course with our proud ownership of -- at least as a town of the Golden Knights, has led to other relationships outside of that. So these league relationships at the bigger league level, and even at a -- right now a micro level, with the alliance of American Football, which just launched last weekend has resulted in interesting technology play, which is how we view that involvement with AAF. That’s working out I think extremely well, but early days. The rollout state-by-state is as expected frustratingly slow, tortured, unclear, not transparent. Some states we believe have done it well, some states have done it very poorly. And there is a mix everywhere in between, and there are several major market states right now, that are exploring that right now. Our sports betting app is doing well. Our sports books, young as they are, and in some cases only temporary, as in the case of Mississippi are at/or above what we thought they would do. So I think I would call this very competitive. Some really smart companies in this space competing against us. They too have made progress. The Ceasar's transaction with Turner, I think is a clever and smart one. I think you will find our company going down other paths or may be similar paths, but everyone has a view this as a good opportunity. But I think I'd have to say, from our perspective at MGM, we view sports betting as a larger opportunity than simply betting on sports. We look at it as a total interactive experience, which is why you will see us talking more about social games, digital ventures, and a big part of bringing in an outside consultant that we talked about in our digital strategies around 2020, that second phase that we’ve talked about is going to be in -- not only the interactive space, but around sports.
John DeCree: That’s really helpful. Thanks for all that color, Jim. I appreciate that. And just one smaller tailed question on sports, if I could. You gave a little commentary about Chinese New Year. I think we are pretty close to overlapping with Super Bowl. But wondering if you had some comments on how your properties felt during that event this year?
James J. Murren: Yes, that’s a good -- thanks for bringing that up. I should have brought that up. We had a good Super Bowl at MGM Resorts. We could add -- we could have made more money with different outcomes, but I guess it shows the power of having a lot of liquidity and a lot of handle on the game and we did better this year than we did last year on the game itself, profitability on the game. The challenge for us this year for everybody is, the Super Bowl on Chinese New Year is almost right on top of each other, as opposed to last year, where they were almost two weeks apart like a week and a half apart. So we had challenges around high-end room product. We had challenges around activity and then exacerbating that in the case of Chinese New Year, is a fact that some folks just didn't feel like coming to the United States, because of any number of reasons, but it was a good Super Bowl, and we made more money than we did last year.
John DeCree: Thanks, Jim. I appreciate the questions and color, and congratulations again on the fourth quarter.
James J. Murren: Thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: And Cole, can we please have the last question?
Operator: Sure thing. And that will come from Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. Most of my questions have been answered or at least asked. So just a couple of quick ones. One is, where did convention mix end up coming in for 2018? And I know you made some general comments about 2019, but I don't if you have a [indiscernible] convention mix will be? And then, also had a question on -- last year at your Analyst Day, you talked about kind of some future potential capital projects, one of which was kind of reorienting the MGM Grand property, kind of opening it out to the Strip a little bit more. Just wondering if you have any time frame around that or are capital projects like that kind of on hold, while the -- your Board committee looks at different options for real estate? Thanks.
Corey I. Sanders: So -- hi, Robin. It's Corey. On convention, we -- for '18, we ended up a little under 18%, and for this year, we expect to be above that amount. On the project at MGM, those projects usually take a long time to get them right and figure out. So we think there's an opportunity there with the West Wing, planning it, getting the right product, the right mix in, seeing what’s happening at Park MGM, also seeing some of the other investment income. We think it gives us time to really figure out what to put in there that could be successful. And so, we keep planning and when we’ve more news to announce, we will get it to you.
James J. Murren: And I guess I would add too Robin, that our overall annualized CapEx number hasn't changed. Anything that we’ve talked about in terms of potential projects are in that number. There aren't any incremental additional capital spends that will come. In the case of the Grand, it's illustrative of the levers that we have to pull. We don’t have to do anything. We can evaluate -- sometimes, we evaluate for quarters and years, and do nothing, because the market moved away, or we’ve different capital ideas. We are not very close as to what we are going to do there at this point in time. What we did say, which I think we should focus on over the next couple of quarters is, capital that we will spend within that limit that we’ve set for ourselves, will be allocated more than it has in the past to technology, and the combination of the capital and the OpEx around our digital ventures area in 2020, will be taken in priority, and if we do that properly, and we think the money is there, our outside consultants think it's absolutely there. It's like opening up a new property, without all the attendant responsibilities and future capital needs that a new property represents. So we see more opportunity on the capital side, now that we are very happy with our portfolio, given our leading position here in Las Vegas, given the fact that we are now done with those major projects that add more engines for free cash flow, to really evaluate everything through the lens of ROI, but also through the lens of do we spend capital on technology that can drive business in a much higher-margin way, and the answer is yes.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
James J. Murren: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to the MGM management for any closing remarks. Well, thank you. First I want to -- on behalf of the whole team here, thank you for joining us today. Obviously, we had a clear beat in the fourth quarter. But a strong finish to a challenging year, but a year that was not without a lot of rewarding achievements. We opened Cotai, we opened Springfield, we opened Park MGM, lot of our regionals hit profit records. We talked about PGP today, because it provides the framework to think about 2020, laid the foundation for it, and that centralized expertise is going to -- we are confident, allow us to achieve these profit targets that we’ve talked about. And the investments we talked about today in sports and technology, we are also confident it's going to achieve really exciting long-term growth for the company. The whole interactive space is going to be large and we expect to be dominant. Our development cycle is over. Our new resorts give us more free cash flow engines and we're going to use that free cash flow and harvest it, to hit the net leverage targets and return it to the shareholders. And most importantly, that free cash flow target that we set out quite a while ago, that $3.50 a share in 2020 is the beacon that drives all of our tactics here at the company. And that’s the goal we absolutely intend to achieve. And in the meantime, as I said, I don't think there's any company in the world better positioned to win in Japan, and we intend to do that. And with that, thank you very much for joining us and we will always be around for your questions.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited
Analysts: Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. David Katz - Jefferies LLC Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Cameron McKnight - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer and Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are in listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. In fairness to all participants, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Please note this conference is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo. Please go ahead.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Thank you, Phil, and good afternoon and welcome everyone to the MGM Resorts International Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at investors.mgmresorts.com and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this afternoon. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information, updates or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures and talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is also available on our website. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mr. Jim Murren.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, thank you, Dan, and good afternoon, everyone. We're pleased to announce that our third quarter results came in ahead of expectations with solid overall performance, despite of course the year-over-year challenging comparisons that we faced here in Las Vegas. Company continues to generate strong cash flows and we're focused on appropriately allocating the capital as it aligns with our overall strategic objective. In the third quarter, we distributed $64 million in quarterly dividends and we've repurchased $176 million of stock, demonstrating our commitment to returning capital to the shareholder. We remain focused on bringing our consolidated net leverage down to between three to four times by 2020 as we grow our cash flows including the benefit of all of our new properties and as well as we manage all of our debt level. We're all well aware that the third quarter was challenging in Las Vegas given the strong comparisons in the prior year, which of course benefited from two fights, strong table games volume, high hold and a favorable convention calendar mix. In the third quarter this year, there were 120,000 fewer large-scale convention attendees citywide. This resulted in of course heavy reliance on leisure channels and the summer months ended up acting more like the traditional summer months that we've seen historically. While our Las Vegas Strip RevPAR was down year-over-year, it was ahead of our guidance and we still achieved our second best third quarter RevPAR on record. By the way, our convention mix in the third quarter was also our third best. Our regional properties continued the strong growth we've seen over the last three years. We delivered a 5% increase in EBITDA to $207 million. And in fact our Mississippi properties, MGM Detroit and MGM National Harbor, all had record third quarter. Our regional strategy to operate the premier assets in key markets continues to prove successful and we're maximizing the value of these assets. We're also continuing to strengthen our position internationally. Over in Macau, we experienced revenue growth of 37% to over $600 million. Adjusted property EBITDA increased over 7% to $130 million. MGM Cotai started out slowly, continues to ramp in the third quarter and the property though experienced a pretty low hold, which impacted its adjusted EBITDA by about $16 million in the quarter. On August 24, we successfully opened MGM Springfield and the property is already off to a good start. We've received great feedback from our guests who have enjoyed the unique environment and our fellow community members who have welcomed the fresh wave of energy and the local opportunity to the town of Springfield and Western Mass. more broadly. While it's still in its early days, we're encouraged that the resort is performing in line with our expectations on both the gaming and non-gaming side. Here at home in Las Vegas, we're reaching the final stages of the Park MGM transformation. Earlier this month, in fact on October 12, we officially opened the NoMad on the top four floors of the building. MGM and the Sydell Group headed by Andrew Zobler has truly created something special here and it is a unique destination in Las Vegas. Looking ahead in the coming weeks, we'll open up a couple new restaurants and a nightlife concept. We open Eataly at the end of the year and our front entrance, all of which will be done in December. Looking ahead, the current quarter is shaping up nicely as we're already seeing the benefits from the expected increase of over 800,000 large-scale convention citywide attendees. We expect this improving convention-based business to ease some of the competitive pressures that we've seen in the leisure channel and that we anticipate our Las Vegas Strip RevPAR will be up 1% to 2% and overall revenues will be up slightly. We also expect our Las Vegas margins to be flat to up slightly as well. We're maintaining our full-year guidance of our Las Vegas Strip revenue and EBITDA declines in the low single digits and adjusted profit EBITDA margins of around 29% or 30% excluding Park MGM. And so if we look ahead to next year in the group business, we're pacing ahead of previous years. And we expect MGM's group room nights be up again and we expect to gain market share, driven by the expansion of MGM Grand's convention space and of course Park MGM. We're also already having success placing groups in shoulder periods, which we believe will allow us to better yield the rest of our portfolio. And by the way, Las Vegas was recently selected the number one North American destination in 2019 by Carlson Wagonlit Travel, up from number 10 a year ago. The reason cited in that survey is the strength of the U.S. economy and the ability of Las Vegas as a market to provide high-value experiences for the larger meeting planners, specifically in the higher-end corporate segment, which bodes well for us. And before we turn it over to Q&A, I want to reiterate some of our financial and operational priorities and our strategy to creating shareholder value. Number one, we're going to continue to maximize the performance of our businesses across our entire domestic resorts portfolio. We expect moderate revenue growth through our continuous improvement effort and an ongoing disciplined approach to both top line and cost control that we believe will drive margin improvement and organic profit growth. Secondly, we're continuing to invest in our business to maintain and grow our competitive advantages. And by ramping up our newly opened properties like MGM Cotai, MGM Springfield, Park MGM, we expect to accelerate cash flow and free cash flow. We're continuing down our path to a more asset-light model. And with respect to MGP, we intend to work on our target of reducing our economic ownership stake to below 50% over the next three years. We're singularly focused on the goal of generating consolidated adjusted free cash flow of $3.50 per share in 2020. And ensuring a stringent and disciplined approach to capital allocation, this will include being very targeted in growth opportunity. And in Japan in particular, our sports initiatives and our interactive business and in digital, achieving and maintaining a fortified balance sheet and of course returning capital to our shareholders. And so with that, I'd like to turn it back over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. I was going to say good morning, but old habits die hard, good afternoon.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Hi, Joe.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Hi, Joe.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Jim, hearing your comments and going through your earnings release and the slide deck tonight, I see and I hear the language on your capital allocation priorities and they're unchanged from a quarter ago. I just want to make sure that's the case, particularly with regard to maybe opportunistic large-scale M&A? Under what scenario or scenarios would larger scale M&A make sense for MGM, Jim?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure. And Dan just told me, I said 800,000 instead of 80,000. So 80,000 is pretty good. 800,000 would be off the rails, so clarification there. So in answer to your question, I would refer everyone back to our deck. I think it's slides like 5, 6, 7. And that would guide I think the thinking that you should have around M&A. Our focus here is to maximize profitability of our businesses and our cash flows. And we are going to be very prudent now and in the future in how we allocate capital around all of our growth strategies. The board feels this way and management does that it's incumbent upon us to consider any deployment of capital, whether it's new growth opportunities, M&A or otherwise, through the lens of being acutely focused on weighing on whether or not we can return a very high return in excess of our cost of capital. Absent any clear strategic or financial rationale that would be through that lens, we're going to continue to return capital to our shareholders. In sum, we like the hand that we're dealt right now. We like our assets. We like the condition of our assets. We like the fact that we've moved out of a development phase into a harvesting or free cash phase. We like our management teams here running these properties. We like our opportunity of winning in Japan and doing well interactive and nationally here in sports and that is the focus of the board and the company.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thanks. And then my second question and this is likely for Corey. As it relates to the Las Vegas Strip, I'm looking at next year and I'm guessing your visibility on group and events is stronger in the first half than the second half. So maybe you can answer it, what happened in 2H? Corey, can you share with us group room nights and revs on the book now versus year ago. Jim, you mentioned the pace is up. And then can you talk about the number of events that you have on the book versus what you had a year ago? And then specifically, can you talk about Mandalay Bay's 2019 group room nights position and maybe to get a sense of that recovery, how that compares relative to this time two years ago? Thank you.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Sure. On group room nights for 2019, and I think you're right, Joe, I'm looking at it in first half and second half, but as we look at the entire year and as we look at also what's out there from a citywide perspective, we expect to be up. What we have on the books right now is pacing extremely well and we believe that we'll gain some market share in the group room night area. And in particular, LVCVA, I think, came out and said that they're going to be up 1%, 1.25%. We believe we will do much better than that on what we see on the books. And the comfort there is we have about 80% of what we think is going to be on the books already on the books. And that's probably the highest we've been in the last, ever since we've really started our budgeting process. From an event perspective, it's – that's also really hard, because we know where hockey's on the books and what other sporting events are on the books and there will be more events there, but that is also looking pretty positive. With regards to Mandalay Bay, Mandalay Bay will be up next year on convention book room nights. It's still not quite where we'd like to see them, but they definitely will have a nice increase compared to this year.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you, guys.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: The next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you. Jim, just wanted to talk about your fourth quarter RevPAR guidance for a second, the up 1% to 2%. I'm just wondering you have a lot kind of going on still because you had calendar issues in October, you still have Park MGM and obviously Mandalay, which is still ramping. So if you adjust for all of that, what would RevPAR guidance have looked like?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well I think what we're focused on are two things. One I would I – I reread my transcript from last quarter and I think everyone should reread it as well. We have factored everything into this and we feel that this is appropriate guidance to give. There are gives and takes in every quarter and we took all that into account. We like how this is setting up, I will say that, given all the factors that you just mentioned and given what we've seen early days at Park MGM and what we know about the Mandalay month-to-month-to-month calendar in the fourth quarter. But I think we're going to stick with a very specific, but without too much color, RevPAR guidance.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. I mean you understand that I was asking kind of what impact those items had on your outlook, right.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. So, Felicia, just to add to Jim's comment, I mean when you look at last year and obviously the events on 1 October impacted a lot of things, but it mostly impacted occupancy. And so when you look at rates, rates were pretty healthy, convention room nights in the fourth quarter last year despite what happened in this city were up 30% plus in the quarter. So – despite what happened, there's still some positive things that occurred in the fourth quarter and a little bit of what kind of transpired in the third quarter had to shake itself out and has done so here in October. So that's all been, to Jim's point, kind of taken into consideration with respect to the guidance.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And I think that probably gets to my next question, which is asking it in a bit of a different way because if you look at the two-year RevPAR stack in the third quarter, you were up slightly, right, like 30 basis points and then the fourth quarter, it implied too your stack is negative. So I think just looking at the fourth quarter last year, which was bad in terms of RevPAR, I think that deceleration might be surprising to folks.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I think and I'm going from memory and you're testing because I'm getting old. But in the fourth quarter 2016, we had a few shows in there that actually rotated out and were very profitable shows for us, particularly at the MGM Grand, if I recall. So again, I think we're looking at this on a micro level within our portfolio and taking all these factors into consideration.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. But if we look at it on an absolute basis, I mean given everything that you said, it does not sound like you are seeing kind of slowing trends, it sounds like actually you guys are kind of on the move forward and up and recovering, correct?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yes. And I mean I think we've talked about this three months ago. What we thought we would see in the fourth quarter and what we said three months ago we're seeing.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. And the pace in all channels look really good for the fourth quarter.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Harry Curtis with Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Hi, good afternoon. Wanted to start with CapEx on the wind-down of your bigger projects. It looks like there's roughly $300 million left to spend in China and about $80 million in Massachusetts. How long do you expect that to wind – take to wind down?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Typically, Harry, those sometimes take longer, but typically it's about a six to nine-month process. The pieces in Macau, little bit on the close-up on the original construction, but also include the completion of the VIP rooms as well as The Mansion and the President's Club. But I would say that typically it's a six- to nine-month process post the opening assuming everybody's working together.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: All right. And is Grant on the call?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yes.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Grant, are you awake?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: Harry, I am. Good morning.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: And good morning to you. Just testing, I was – I wonder if you could give us your perspective on the growth that you're seeing in the mass versus VIP – there's clearly concerns that the VIP is slowing. And do you get a sense that it's taking – that the VIP is taking a breather or do you think that it's more likely that there's some shrinkage in that business and what does that mean and if you would address the mass as well for the kind of ramp of the property over the next six months?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: Okay. So on market conditions first. I think it's been pretty consistent from all the people who have come out and we're saying the same thing that yes, it seems like after what has been a relatively good period of growth of junket, they have slowed. I think there is probably some impact from a whole series of conditions, they've been opening a lot of rooms. Clearly market conditions in China are a little more volatile. Critical point I'll make on the junket though is that there still seems to be a lot of liquidity. And what this seems to be is much more of a controlled pause rather than the effect of running out of liquidity which, as I think you understand, is really critical in that segment. So I think what we're all expecting is a little softness for a little while until we can get – we stabilize. For us though, we're still pretty confident because we're opening our other rooms and that's going to be a positive for us. Clearly, we'd like more growth in the market because that will help us increase our share and that leads us to the mass. Mass business continues to be more robust and more resilient than the VIP simply because of the nature of the business and obviously it's much for debate. Like always, the mass business is just not one element, there is a series of components. And while the mid to lower mass is still very strong, there is, similar to the VIP, a little bit of a slowdown in the growth in some sectors at the top end. But again, talking specifically on the property and the ramp up, once we get the President's Club done and the Mansion done and all those construction things out of the way, we're very, very positive that that will allow us to build our base and we'll continue to see that. As you will see in the quarter, Harry, we had a decent sort of luck effect and some of that was actually a result of the ramping up because you tend to get a bit more volatility and that volatility is just part of that process. If you didn't get it, then you probably weren't going to get the business. So in summary, market growth, I think we're all consistent around that high single, early double digit, probably flat for junket going through and obviously it was a better performance than mass. But it's going to be slightly different over the range of mass customers. For our property, positive signs, traffic improvement for Cotai. But I also just want to lay the point that we're also very focused on driving business into Macau. The cannibalization there has stabilized at about 12%, 13% and so we've got great opportunities to continue to grow and establish that. So we're getting through the difficult phase of the ramp and now we want to see some momentum from that.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: And just as a housekeeping, Mansion and President's Club timing of completion please?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: President's will be before the end of the year, December. And we're working really hard to get some of the Mansion villas available for Chinese New Year. And we have good grounds to think that's going to happen. So that's a big positive for us.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Okay, very good. Thanks, everyone.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Harry.
Operator: The next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good afternoon, everyone. I was just wondering if we could go back to Las Vegas for a minute. Last quarter, it felt like we were seeing some signs of promotional activity as it sort of acted over the summer and people were, as I think you guys mentioned, forced to kind of react to lighter convention business. As we move into Q4, are you seeing any signs that some of that, I guess, deeply discounted package tour and promotional activity has abated and that that was sort of just kind of a one-off necessary to bridge that weak period or just how would you characterize the promotional environment in Vegas?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Hey Shaun, it's Corey. In general, I think whenever you have the base of convention in FIT, there is less promotional activity. So, there's peaks and valleys almost every quarter. I think obviously the fourth quarter, there will be a lot less of that with the citywides coming in. But in general, it's pretty similar to the way it's always been and probably got a little deeper in the third quarter. It's probably coming back to some normalcy in some periods of the fourth quarter, but there are still periods like right before the holidays where there is softness, just general softness that usually occurs that people are going to get the rooms filled.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you. And then just one sort of bigger picture strategic question, Jim, in some of your earlier comments, I think you alluded to large-scale M&A and how that might fit into your strategic framework. I was sort of wondering if you could address maybe some of the more smaller, tactical, regional strategy you've taken on, I mean, as you've basically now got the operations of both Empire City and Hard Rock Rocksino, how do those, broadly speaking, kind of fit into the portfolio and is there appetite to do more tactical things that build out the regional network even if maybe something larger scale didn't fit those guardrails and how are you considering those types of opportunities out there?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure. Well, I think that MGP is going to be very opportunistic and aggressive and I'm sure James Stewart will speak to that on his call. And I would, just from our perspective at MGM Resorts, we see a lot of interesting M&A activity for the triple-nets in general in the space, which we're rooting on James there. As it relates to MGM Resorts, we viewed the Yonkers and the Ohio opportunities as unique and distinctive and in exception to a rule. We are very optimistic about the future of New York City as a broad-based gaming market in the future and we're incredibly impressed with the operational performance and the free cash flow generation of the Rocksino in Ohio. Those are very few and far between opportunities. I would view them both very opportunistically. Our market access deal with Boyd really answers the question for us as to whether or not we need to own a physical asset to maximize the opportunity in sports betting and the answer is we do not. We do not need to own or operate physical assets in order to maximize that opportunity. And so M&A, any M&A, whether it's large or small, would have to be scrutinized against those strategic objectives that I talked about earlier and they have a big hill to climb because we really like what we got. As I said, we really like our assets. It's not lost on us that we have the most profitable assets in every regional market, in Mississippi, in Michigan, in New Jersey and of course we're the largest profit generator here in Nevada and of course in Maryland as well. And so it would be inconsistent with our strategy to look at opportunities that are second tier relative to what we already operate at a premier fashion and it would have to fit the lens of those goals that I mentioned and the free cash flow of $3.50 a share in 2020 and the leverage target that I talked about of three to four times during that same period of time. And all of that would be measured against increasing the dividend in MGM Resorts and buying back stock at what we believe, to be very attractive level.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good afternoon. Just to clarify something on the Las Vegas Strip. So, you highlighted that third quarter performance exceeded your expectations. And then you reiterated your full-year guidance. Should we imply that you're more cautious about the fourth quarter or is it you're giving broad based comments? Thanks.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Hey Thomas, this is Dan. I don't think there's anything to imply there. I think when you look at the guidance that we had given for the third quarter, obviously a pretty wide range. We've narrowed the range in the fourth quarter to compensate for that as well as the fact that we came in and did a little bit better. We said we are going to be up in the fourth quarter and our guidance reflects that for Q4. And I think other than that, I think we beat this horse pretty well earlier in the call, so I don't think there is anything to read into it other than it all ties together from how we're thinking about and left the guidance vis-à-vis our prior comments.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Perfect. And then just talking about Park MGM, can you talk a little bit about the cadence of the ramp, if there's any changes to that? I saw that you signed up Britney for another residency there. How should we think about the costs and then kind of the revenue ramp there? Thanks.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Are you fishing for tickets there, is that the...
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Exactly.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Got a few things on the ramp, and really, I hope you all get to see this soon. It's really quite remarkable in our view and we've done a lot here. As I mentioned, the NoMad opened on the 12th of this month. The NoMad bar is open. The High Limit area is open. The lobby is open now, and it's been really positively received. All the Park MGM rooms are done and the rest of the NoMad rooms, because we opened up with two floors, will be completed and operational by November 10. The NoMad restaurant, which is a stunner, it's in the old Race & Sports Book, so you can imagine the volume of the space, that opens on the 14th of November. We open up the entire Strip in early December. We open a noodle shop that Corey named La La Noodle on December 12 for some reason. Roy Choi opens a restaurant called Best Friend, that opens on the 15 of December. Eataly opens on the 27th of December, the nightclub venue opens on the 28th of December, that's the day Lady Gaga starts her extended shows at Park Theater, which you can imagine the response to that, particularly post her great movie. Britney starts in February, Aerosmith in April. We've never had a line-up of performers that we've had ever as it relates to Park MGM. So, the ramp should be nice going into the Western New Year's period, certainly a hot spot during Knights home games and going into next year, literally everything will be done. And so it's been painful. It's been a long, arduous process, but it's worth the effort. And I think you'll see pretty rapid ramp up of cash flows as all those elements come into place for 2019.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: And what I would add is, sort of the first half of 2019, even with those events, I think it will be very positive. We still have some rooms that are coming in under the current trends, but by the second half, we'll start seeing that price to where we will – closer to where we'd like to be. I would say 2020 is more focusing on even making that mix even more productive and focusing on our margins. And then I think around 2021 is when we should see the full ramp at the property.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I think that's fair, Corey. This is a new property basically and so new brand, new property, it's going to – we expect it to go through a ramp up like MGM National Harbor did to where it's doing extraordinarily well now and the way MGM Springfield is right now, we expect that to ramp up from an absolute cash flow perspective in a determined fashion. We expect the same kind of focus at Park MGM.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Perfect. Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Thomas.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, everybody, good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. So for starters, Corey, you talked a little bit earlier about the 2019 pace and obviously having the base on the books has been something that obviously over time has shown a nice ability – you've shown a nice ability to kind of better yield-manage or better price, I should say, some of the leisure rooms. When you think about having that better base for 2019, as well as some of the competitive pressures that you mentioned from peers on the leisure side, is part of the strategy there to maybe keep the group rate a little bit more enticing to get that business on the book so that you are able to flex on the leisure and transient side in 2019?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: The way we've always approached the convention is we really do price to market and there are times in softer periods we'll adjust the rates. Obviously, we'd much rather have a higher convention rate than a lower-end leisure package rate. So, yeah, we do that flexibility quite a bit. Another thing we've learned especially in this third quarter in particular is flexing our database and we think there is still an opportunity there. We know our competitor outmuscles us, especially in Las Vegas and how they fill in particular some of their core rooms. So we think there is an opportunity there also to help once again build that base to yield up to a higher level where we don't necessarily have that dependency on the OTA that we experienced in the third quarter.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you. And then just if I could touch quickly on the 4Q RevPAR guidance as well as kind of the moving parts, you talked a little bit about Strip net revenue being flat to up slightly. Is there anything in there on the gaming side that would kind of – if you just think about the three components obviously with RevPAR up and you guys obviously surpassed your expectation for this quarter. So, if we assume the 1% to 2% in the fourth quarter, on the gaming side, the comparison is fairly easy. I think you guys last year had fairly normal hold, but obviously saw some of the impacts from the events of 10/1 on slot handle and some of the other gaming metrics. Is there anything in there that maybe you're being particularly conservative about or were there some one-off events later in the fourth quarter that might have been a little more additive?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Well, I think, Carlo, I think we were relatively in a, I'd say our norm – our current normal range last year on the casino side in terms of table games hold, although I think it was north of 25% last year. So, we typically forecast the kind of the midpoint and from that standpoint, so there's a little bit on the casino side when you look at where the hold is coming into play there. And then it really comes down to, December comes down to the last week of the month and who shows up, particularly on the casino side, on the high end for Western New Years. And so that's usually where fourth quarters are made or broken is really over that Western New Years kind of last four or five days of a month kind of comes into play. So, we're using the data we have to kind of run that – run those counts and those forecasts and I think that's kind of where we're landing at on those two fronts.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. And then just Dan, since you mentioned just on that fourth or sorry, somebody?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, I was just going to say that I think you have mentioned about the event calendar, there's really no change this year versus last year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: We have two more hockey games on that.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. But I mean in terms of tent-pole events, concerts, fights, et cetera, we're pro forma-ing a pretty similar quarter.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. And just around the holidays this year, is there anything with the way that especially December the way New Year's will fall and stuff, it looks like it could be slightly beneficial. Is that the way you guys are interpreting it?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: It could be, just the way the holidays are falling kind of early in Monday, Tuesday kind of combo. So you could see kind of a double weekend effect, so to speak, with the folks coming in Friday, Saturday, leaving on Sunday and a new group coming in for the New Year's. But that's the traffic pattern that we've got to kind of wait and see how that starts to fill in, in November and December.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot guys. I appreciate it.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Carlo.
Operator: The next question comes from David Katz with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Katz - Jefferies LLC: Hi, afternoon everyone. I wanted to ask two questions. One is that I know you've indicated previously that MGP is the stake that you would sell down over the next three years. I wonder if you could shed some light or provide some color around why three years, why not one, two or five or how did we arrive at that pace?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure. Maybe I'll tackle then Dan you could go on.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Sure.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: My expectation is that MGM Resorts' economic interest in MGP will decline. I don't know whether we'll sell any shares. I expect that MGP is going to grow, grow I think as rapidly as it has grown since it's gone public, and grow with other operators. And in doing so, our economic interest will go down. It's a target of ours that we think is a reasonable target. When we articulated last quarter, we have expectations that MGP is going to continue to grow rapidly and in the meantime, we're rooting them on.
David Katz - Jefferies LLC: Understood. And if I can ask a second question, just I know you've given some data points and some insight around 2019. But given that we've spent – we've talked quite a bit about guidance and the structure of guidance this year, are there any thoughts that you can share about what the structure of next year's guidance might look like?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, sure, David. This is Dan. I'll take that one. We've been obviously talking to a lot of you all on this call, both from sell side and buy side and we've been working through this quite a bit. So, as we get into 2019, our approach is we're not going to eliminate guidance. We're going to modify it and speak to kind of one quarter out, both in terms of our overall net revenues here in Las Vegas as well as a subset of that being continue to give you one quarter out guidance around RevPAR and EBITDA margins from that standpoint, and help you model out both from the sell side and the buy side each one quarter out from that perspective, we think that's more prudent and more useful to the investment community.
David Katz - Jefferies LLC: Perfect. Thanks very much. Thanks for taking my question.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Thank you, David.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. I actually originally had a different question, but then just a follow up on a comment you made in answer to kind of talking about getting – making sure that you get your fair share or more of group nights next year. Can you give us a little bit of color around if group rate is down slightly and I understand that's probably still a significant percentage higher than those rooms going to the tour and travel distribution? So maybe if you could just kind of talk a little bit about what the sort of the rate – group rate down still gives you what advantage over the leisure package mix?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I'll answer that, Robin. If group rates are down a little, it's not going to have not much of an impact at all. It's a lower percent of our room mix than any other segment we have. What it allows us to do is yield up the other segments and pick and choose some of the okay segments that we want to focus on and center on. So more importantly than the rate, it's the base that it provides us to be able to drive the additional yield out of our rooms.
Unknown Speaker: Yeah, and Robin, if I can add to that a little bit. Sometimes there's a little more nuance in that as well, it's not just a mix, it's a phase mix within the calendar throughout the year. So sometimes if we can play through in typically shoulder periods, after Labor Day, things like that, after holiday periods, that certainly helps the overall portfolio and helps us to hold the portfolio as a whole.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks. And on your 2020 goals, maybe if you could just – you mentioned that you were happy with your assets and things like that, didn't necessarily need to do a large-scale transaction. Does your 2020 goal include potentially though some M&A activity or is that a 2020 goal without any additional M&A, small or large?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Robin, that's just what we've known at the time, which was essentially MGP's acquisition of Rocksino and nothing more than that. We didn't bake in any future deals on the acquisition front into that goal. That's status quo new development projects that obviously come online and MGP's purchase of Rocksino.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you. And I don't know if you would take one last one, which is actually just switching back to Macau. Just given the concession expiration in 2020 and I guess the language of the contract says that a new concession would have to be in place six months ahead of time, which would be September of next year, so now kind of less than 12 months away. I wonder if you could tell us about how you're thinking about approaching kind of what your approach is over these next 10 months and whether you're expecting to be asked to make a commitment to, a financial commitment to infrastructure build or what types of things you're kind of doing in preparation for these next few months?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Grant, could we give you that one or do you want me to tackle it?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: Thank you, or maybe we both do it. And I think Robin, what we've always said is we continue to be in dialogue with the government and we are obviously specifically working through it and we're quietly confident, probably more than that, that we'll be in a position to do that. We obviously do expect that there may be some expectations that we need to work through, but those discussions are still ongoing with government and it's really going to be up to the government to make that final decision. Anything more to add, Jim, on that?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, the only thing I'd add, Grant, is that I don't think the government has any expectations. They're going to go right up into the last moment here. The discussions are ongoing and prompt and timely.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. And just so that free cash flow goal for 2020 includes anything over and above what you would have to do as part of that process. Is that fair to assume?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: In terms of what, in terms of additional capital expenditures or?
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Exactly, like in other words, your free cash flow over and above any additional capital commitments that you'd be making for that process.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: That's right, yeah, no, we would measure it in terms of us achieving that. And looking at whatever investment we would consider, it would have to significantly enhance that. Otherwise it's just, as Jim said earlier, sticking to our strategy and what we have on our plate right now and staying focused on that and returning capital to shareholders if that's the best use of that capital.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. And I think what Robin was asking is, are we anticipating whatever it is we might have to do, is it within that free cash flow per share. And we are comfortable with that free cash flow per share target of $3.50 given everything that we know including our hope and expectation and our license is extended in Macau.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Thanks very much.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from John DeCree with Union Gaming. Please go ahead.
John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for taking my question. We've gotten a few questions over the last couple of weeks from investors about outbound Chinese visitation to the U.S. and any potential impact that we might see on Las Vegas. I think I remember some prior estimates is that that business is kind of a low single-digit composition of your Las Vegas business. So was wondering if you could kind of put some parameters on that and if you had any comments about what you're seeing in your business perhaps from Chinese visitors to your properties in the U.S. or maybe just more broadly, international trends that you're seeing in Las Vegas.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Sure. John, it's Corey. On the high-end side, it's actually the business has been pretty good and pretty strong still. We've seen very little impact at all on the ultra high-end customers and that level play. On the low end or the just the normal consumer, it is a very small percentage and many of them come in tour buses and tour groups and are mainly at the lower rate. So there's been maybe a slight impact, but not enough material to impact our business. It's just not a big enough piece of our business.
John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC: Okay. That's fair enough. Thanks, Corey. And I had one separate question, follow-up, perhaps Jim, not sure we got through an hour here without talking about sports betting in much detail. Recent partnership with the NHL, I think there was a new CEO appointed to your JV with GVC and I was wondering if you could spend a minute or two kind of high-level updating us on the progress of the JV at GVC and I guess your thoughts on some of the early days of sports betting we've seen in New Jersey and Mississippi so far?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure. Yes, I was with Commissioner Bettman yesterday inking the NHL deal which we're very proud of. And that you add to that one the NBA deal we did about three months ago and of course, the JV with GVC. First, we'll maybe start with the JV. Board has met several times. We have hired a terrific CEO that has deep experience came from GVC. The infrastructure has been put into place in terms of the governance. Hiring is underway, office sites are being scouted as we speak. Partnerships for the JV and other forms of technology, sports content, et cetera is underway. We know we picked the right company in GVC. They are relentless, they're aggressive, they're smart. They feel the way we do about the opportunity in the United States, not only in sports betting, but in the whole interactive platform. They're rooting us on as relates to our league relationships that we're forming. And between the two of us, we've been reaching out in a targeted way to a variety of sports teams, not only within the four major sports, but more broadly globally in other sports as well. As it relates to early days, we're already doing as much business in Borgata as any of our luxury properties do out here from almost a standing start and we're doing equally well in Mississippi. I think our playMGM app is finally now into the Apple Store.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: In New Jersey.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: In New Jersey, which is a big positive development. And we're working literally on a state-by-state basis with the appropriate state agencies to help those states craft the best legislation for the respective states. I can't overemphasize how exciting we think this is going to be over time for the bricks and mortar business of MGM Resorts as we develop global partnerships, global relationships with customers and cross market to our existing resorts. And I could say that the early days are – given us great confidence of that, both in terms of New Jersey, of course, but here in Las Vegas. And we expect the states to roll out in kind of a predictable fashion over the next few years and we expect to have a very large percentage of the total interactive market here.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: And what I would add also is we've heard comments like it's going to ruin Las Vegas business. Our Las Vegas business is up actually tremendously important both in – we mainly look at the major sport of football pro and college is up over 50%. Our mobile is up over 60%. So I think the whole thing is beginning to take off with the legalization of it.
John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC: Very helpful, thanks.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: I think the last point I'd make on it that the approach that I have – I've very much admired the approach the leagues are taking, which is an evolving philosophy as it relates to sports betting here in the United States and the aligned values that we have with the leagues and the teams in terms of the integrity of the product, the importance of data getting the greatest in-game betting experiences, it's going to be a very competitive marketplace. There are a lot of fine companies globally that are already participating in sport spending and interactive in general and we just intend to be the leader in it, that's all.
John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC: Thanks, Jim. Appreciate the update.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, thanks for sneaking me in. Two quick questions, I guess, first, as you execute along a path to asset-light, how does your thinking about leverage levels change? And then second, looks like MGM Grand was a bit of an outlier in the quarter with solid growth year-over-year and I think even outperforming Bellagio for really the first time in looks like almost a decade. Were there any specific benefits in the quarter that we should think about as we model that going forward? Thanks.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Sure, Stephen, I'll try to tackle those for you. Corey will probably chime in on the Grand. The Grand had its best third quarter ever and it benefited on the casino side. And that's the great thing about the portfolio we have. They benefit on the casino side, which obviously positively impacted their results to the detriment of some of our other properties that they hold as well. But that's the power of the portfolio. As far as leverage on the asset-light model, we still have our goal of three to four times leverage by 2020. And I don't see us changing from that perspective. Whether it be current state or whether it be more asset-light going forward, it's probably just not a good use of – I believe not a good use of our capital to be anywhere lower in terms of that leverage.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Correct. And not a good use of my sleeping hours to be any higher. So we like the zone. It's a fortressed balance sheet. We have – certainly we have a lot of opportunities within our control to become asset-lighter over time and we intend to evaluate all those. But the board and management talks a lot about that leverage zone. It's been a goal of ours since 2009 and we're approaching that and we intend to stay in that zone and return anything to shareholders in excess of our free cash as long as we're staying in that zone. Corey, did you have something on the Grand versus Bellagio?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. It did hold extremely well, yeah.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Maybe – just had one quick follow-up to John's last question on sports betting. How do you generally evaluate the value of partnering with national leagues versus the individual team?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: They're not mutually exclusive and I think you'll find us being strategic on individual teams as well. It starts, I think, with a shared philosophy which we have and a shared trust and familiarity and a common purpose. We just can't afford to have anything go awry here in sports betting and I think what has attracted the leagues that we've transacted with to MGM is our single-minded focus on the propriety of the product. And so I think we felt it was important to establish a couple of tent-poles, which we expect to continue to evolve over time. As it relates to individual teams, we're in a vast number of discussions with teams across the country and in fact around the world. And I think it comes down to the same core principles I just mentioned with the leagues, to have a shared vision of what sports betting in the interactive experience could mean to the players of those teams, the teams' values themselves, the fan experience and engagement within the venue, the broader fan engagement outside of the venue. And some teams have a more constructive view on this than others. And I think it's just going to be a matter of going through all that. The key to all of this and why GVC is so important, but why the league relationships are so important is the technology, the product and the data that we can utilize. And I think that's why we looked at the interactive business in a holistic way. We know we have great brands, but so do our competitors, some of them – not many, but some of them. We needed to have great technology. We have found that in a great partner. We have very strong government relationships, which are a strength here. We're noted as a company in problem gaming, in responsible gaming and from an integrity perspective, which bodes well in talking to teams and to leagues. And of course we've established a vast advantage in sports by our history of whether it's the MGM Resorts Summer League here with the NBA or the Las Vegas Aces. We're helping house the Vegas Golden Knights, of course, helping bring the soon-to-be Las Vegas Raiders to Las Vegas. It's a matter of making sure that we utilize these in a holistic way and using the leagues and their content to help our properties, which is why we are hosting multiple events at, say, Mandalay Bay, multiple venues here at Bellagio, Aria, et cetera.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks. That's all. Super helpful color.
Unknown Speaker: Very last quick question please.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from Cameron McKnight with Credit Suisse.
Cameron McKnight - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks very much. A question for Corey or Jim. What percentage of room nights in the quarter were allocated to your casino block and how does that compare to the ordinary mix of casino room nights?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, it's something we usually don't share, that we were definitely up in that area and we used that as a strategic component. But in general, it's usually bigger than the convention block, but smaller than our FIT block and we think there's opportunities to really move that up a few percent.
Cameron McKnight - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, got it. Thanks. And then a question for Jim, I mean there's been a lot that's been spoken and written about resort fees, paid parking and other initiatives that have been taken over the last couple of years. Are you seeing any pushback from customers on the Strip?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: We, I think one of the data points I just pointed to in that large-scale convention booker is the value proposition that Las Vegas represents. The U.S. economy, as it has grown has made Las Vegas on a relative basis even a more attractive destination from a price perspective. And we monitor this against all of our major competitive cities around the country and in fact around the world. So, it has been something that we always focus on. We don't think it has been an issue. We always evaluate these market conditions. And we look at not only the data we have, but the data that the LVCVA puts out and we know that from an ADR perspective, we're still much lower than cities like Orlando or Chicago or Hawaii, and – but we continue to tweak it and we always will.
Cameron McKnight - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Perfect. Thanks very much.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thank you. And I guess I just want to thank everyone for joining. I know we ran a couple of minutes over. But I appreciate your interest today. Obviously, we had a challenging quarter, but did a little bit better than we expected. We're setting up nicely here in the fourth quarter next year. And we are absolutely utterly focused on delivering on our strategic objectives, which we reiterated in the investor deck, including that $3.50 a share of free cash flow in 2020 and without it. Thank you very much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited
Analysts: Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are in listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. In fairness to all participants, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Please note this event is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Well, thank you, Kate, and good morning and welcome to the MGM Resorts International second quarter earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On the call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information, updates or otherwise. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation of GAAP financial measures in the press release, which is also available on our website. I'd now turn the call over to Mr. Jim Murren.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. Well, first, I want to say we obviously reported solid second quarter results. The strip revenues are up 2%, RevPAR up 2.8%, and that was both consistent with our guidance. Our Las Vegas EBITDA, excluding Park MGM, increased 3% year-over-year and our margins came in a little bit better than expected. They were down 82 basis points. Excluding Park MGM, margins were just about flat at 31%. We continue to see strong performance at our luxury properties, Bellagio and Aria each produced over $120 million of EBITDA in the quarter and margins were 37% and 38%, respectively, in fact, already had an all-time record EBITDA quarter in the second quarter. Our regionals again had a solid performance and the star there was our newest property, MGM National Harbor. Over in Macau, MGM China's EBITDA was $120 million in the quarter. Unfortunately, there, we held low in both the main floor and VIP, which negatively impacted results by almost $40 million. We just ended our month of July. Fortunately, we've seen a strong pickup after the World Cup. MGM Macau gross gaming revenues in July were up nearly 20% year-over-year and up over 40% on a month-to-month basis. And since we opened our beautiful new property in Cotai, our team in Macau has been capturing opportunities in the marketplace. And at the same time, we're fine-tuning our offerings across the whole property portfolio, implementing those new initiatives and strategies to grow and yield our business, which brings us to what's happening soon there. New amenities are coming online in the coming weeks and months to come. MGM Cotai's VIP junket rooms will be opened before October's Golden Week. The Mansion, our high-end room product, is going to open up along with the President's Club, which is an exclusive gaming area for our premium mass customers. They're both expected to debut in the fourth quarter. And then, of course, we have a resident theater show. It's called Destiny and it's going to also be launched later this year. As always, Grant's on the phone, and he can answer any of your questions. So, that's a good look of the second quarter. Obviously, there's a lot of disclosure. If you have any questions on that, please let us know. Looking into the third quarter, first, here in Las Vegas, we highlighted, as you recall that – last call – that we had some specifically difficult comparisons in the third quarter. That's, of course, due to the fact that citywides and MGM in particular had a very strong convention calendar mix in the third quarter last year. Of course, we had the two fights that we hosted. We also held above our normal range. But we also preview that we're seeing some discrete pockets of rate pressure. That's driven by the lower citywide convention mix. In May, when we saw you in Investor Day, we knew a lot. We knew that citywide conventions in the market looked what they were going to look like. We knew the third quarter was going to be down over 100,000 room nights in the third quarter. We knew the fourth quarter, however, was going to be up around 77,000 room nights. The idea then or the thought we had was to fill those gaps in the year for the year with some convention business, more so than we had done the prior year. That did not come to fruition. As you know, summer months are tough, particularly on the convention side, the booking windows are short, and that's the quarter, the third quarter, where we generally have to rely more on leisure channels. And these channels became very competitive over the last couple of months. So, MGM adjusted prices whenever it made sense, and we didn't whenever it did not. We did forego occupancy and have foregone occupancy in properties where we're not going to get our minimum pricing. I have to say, though, in the other channels we're seeing in this current quarter, the longer-term convention block, our FIT and casino blocks all came in or are coming in as expected. The combination of the comparison and the less than expected in the year for the quarter, small group business means that we believe that our RevPAR in the third quarter will be down here in Las Vegas between 5% and 7%. That would mean our revenues would be down between 8% and 10%. That would mean that our margins in the third quarter here would come in around 28%. And if you exclude Park MGM, which is dragging our margins, the margins would be around 29%. So, let's size that. About half the EBITDA decrease is simply driven by the tough table games comparison and Park MGM, the rest is mainly driven by the hotel mix shift of this near-term dynamic we're talking about. Based on what we've been seeing and based on a strong level of conservatism for the balance of the year, we now expect that our strip revenues and EBITDA to be both down low-single-digits and our margins to be around 29% or 30% if you exclude Park MGM. Now, it's early but we're starting to see much better pace trends later part of the fourth quarter, which we can get into, particularly on the group side. And as we look out into 2019, we have been building a very solid base of convention business. In fact, our production in the second quarter for future periods was up double digits looking now, and we also see a very healthy backdrop in driving some of our group destination demand. As many of you likely know, we've been recently back from New York where we've been busy on sports. And we've made some, I think, very significant advancements. We went into this proposition understanding that MGM Resorts has an opportunity to dominate sports betting in the United States. We have the brands, we have the people, we have the market. What we're looking for in this race to market share was how to best provide the best experience for the gaming customer. We knew we needed to have the best technology, proprietary, scalable. We knew we needed to have outstanding in-game betting experience, which does not exist here in the United States but, of course, it does throughout the world and we needed to have a partner that could help us build this business with a speed to market and we found that partner in GVC. We were proud to announce that joint venture. We also know that we need to be in every market in which a consumer can gamble on sports in the United States and so we turned to our friends and partners at Boyd Gaming. This provides our platform the opportunity to go in every state that MGM and Boyd operates in. And in states where we do not operate in today, we'll simply do other market access deals with the people that have been calling us. We also knew that data is everything, and integrity and trust in the data is tantamount to success, which is why we're particularly proud of the unique partnership we just forged with the NBA, where we are now the data receiver and the official gaming sponsor of the NBA and the WNBA. Just launched I think in Mississippi yesterday. Mobile is coming in New Jersey in days, if not hours. And we believe that this market is going to be large going forward and it is a vehicle for a total interactive experience of not only sports betting, poker, casino, social, as it is around the world, and that will help our bricks-and-mortar business. Before I turn it over to questions, I wanted to just clarify, crystallize the strategies that guide us here at MGM Resorts which, I think, are particularly important to remember in times of short-term market turbulence. Number one, we have and we will continue to do everything we can to maximize the operating efficiency of all of our existing resorts, regardless of what's going on in the markets. We have the market share leadership everywhere we operate that leads to higher margins than our regional competitors and we're going to maintain that. We're going to continue to drive innovation and transform the guest experience by leveraging what we own – the best assets in the industry with digital, technology and interactive businesses. Obviously, our activities this week speak to that. Because our properties are in outstanding condition and better than their peer group, we're going to be able to allocate an increasing mix of our future CapEx to technology over the next few years without changing our overall CapEx spending by $1. The technology investments, we believe, will yield more or higher margin, less capital-intensive cash flows for the portfolio. MGM Resorts will continue its path to be asset-light, continue the path to be an operating management company. And that means we will opportunistically look to sell the real estate of the owned assets of MGM Resorts. We're very proud of MGM Growth Properties. We expect to see healthy growth out of that enterprise and we're going to help through the ROFO assets and most likely from future transactions with MGP. We want at MGM Resorts to reduce our ownership of MGP and we want to be under 50% of an economic interest of MGP within the next three years. We are going to successfully conclude all of our capital projects that we have been working on so hard and that have worked so well like T-Mobile and National Harbor. The ones that have yet to be finished will be finished this year. We are going to achieve and then maintain a net leverage target of between three to four times, and that is through cash flow growth. And we're setting a goal today: we expect to generate $3.50 of consolidated free cash flow per share in 2020, which means we're affirming our 2020 guidance of cash flow we gave you on Investor Day. We're going to use that free cash flow to the benefit of the shareholders. We repurchased $595 million during the second quarter and we have $1.7 billion remaining under the current authorization. We have a target to get under 500 million diluted shares by 2020. And we are going to opportunistically access new markets for sports and interactive by leveraging our brands and our relationships and our partnerships and our expertise. We are not pursuing any regional gaming acquisitions in order to do it. We'll look for market access deals if we want to be there. And, in fact, the only development opportunity we remain laser-focused on is Japan. And I believe like in the arena of sports, we've made great progress since we talked to you last quarter. And so, with that, I'd like to turn it over to the operator so we can get to questions.
Operator: The first question is from Harry Curtis of Instinet. Please go ahead.
Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just wanted to start in Las Vegas. And Jim, as you sit in Vegas now and look at the balance of this year and the softness in group demand, if you could give us your perspective of what's behind that. Do you think that that Vegas has become somewhat less competitive given the greater attention being given to a group meeting by other cities? What can you and Caesars collectively do on bringing in more entertainment consistently so that we don't have these air pockets?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure, Harry. You're about the only one that's as old as I am, so you know that the third quarter is always volatile in Las Vegas. It hasn't been over the last couple of years. The all-time record citywide in conventions was 2016. The second record was last year. The third record, since I can remember, will be this year. This year, it's not a bad convention quarter. It's just up against these two incredible comps in the last couple of years. But in the context of the last several years, it's pretty decent. The challenge has been that we did not get, as we hoped, an acceleration of small group business to fill in the holes that we fully understood were there for the third quarter. And because of that, the whole market started scrambling around to mix their rooms differently. Now, the higher-end properties have little trouble in doing that – Bellagio, Aria, our luxury properties. But when people are shifting around their decisions on stay, it does impact the mid-market properties, and it did in the third quarter. We don't see that happening in the fourth quarter because of the base of business that we expect to see. But given the fact that this was unusually slow over the last couple months, we've taken a very conservative approach to the balance of the year. We think there's no reason to do anything otherwise. And so what I would say, and then I'll turn it over to Corey, is we saw a deterioration in some of the – in the year for the year. We moved business around where it made sense. The marketplace has been in that place. And now, we're starting to see a little bit of strength.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. And, Harry, on the overall shape of the convention market, we've come off two record third quarters and even this quarter's mix that we're expecting, four years ago, we would have taken that mix any day of the year. We understand where a lot of those conventions went. And some of them are rotational, especially the citywides. We also had a few big rotational ones. But as we look especially in 2019 and 2020, what's on the books now, we don't see this softness in the convention market coming to Las Vegas. Is there more competition out there with the other cities? Absolutely, but we're geared up for it. And I think that Las Vegas, us, Caesars and even Wynn could create an experience that no other city can and can house conventions that no other city can because of our scale.
Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC: I guess, my question, though, is with these air pockets, is there any way to – for the city and the two leaders in the city to become more proactive so that you have a more consistent base and don't have to rely on the OTA channels that really are killing pricing at least in the near term?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: I think it's something we have to work on and think about. Usually, the event calendar has a tiny bit to do with that. We had a little bit unfavorable third quarter, but in general it's just creating – we, here at MGM, we create our own events for our customers and components like that. But traditionally, even – I've been around 23 years, 24 years and summers have always been a challenge. This one is probably a little bit more challenging than others, but it's always been reliant on the transient leisure market. And we will constantly look at ways to get less reliant on that. But, in general, we're definitely going to strategize on how to try to address that.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And I would just say, again, this is a third quarter phenomenon. It has been a third quarter phenomena. And the way we're going to address and we have been addressing it is to continue to bring content to Las Vegas. We brought the Las Vegas Aces, the game last night. We are sponsoring the Summer League, which was last month. That is going to be much bigger as an event next year than it even was this year. We're going to bring more content to T-Mobile. The Raiders are going to finish the stadium in 2020. There's an awful lot going on and there is no cause to change the strategy when it has been working. What we need to do is when we have these pockets, do the best we can without degrading the customer experience because if we do that, then people won't come back.
Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC: Very good. I just wanted to ask a quick question to Grant then related to the ramping up of junkets on Cotai. Can you give us some outlook on or expectations on how that ramp should look?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: So, as we stand right now, it's on the agreements with the operators that will be opening. And it looks like we're going to be opening them in two tranches to try and balance – just to balance it up, starting as we currently sit in early September to give them a few operating – an operating period prior to October. So, as we speak here, we're probably only four weeks away from seeing those operators open up and they're the bigger operators. So, everything is going positively for us at the moment.
Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC: Okay. That's it for me. Thanks, everyone.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thank you, Harry.
Operator: The next question is from Joe Greff of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, guys. Just, Jim, on the comments about discrete pockets of rate pressure in the 3Q in Las Vegas and you kind of talked about what that means exactly. But can you talk about it, is it persistent to what you're planning or anticipating seeing in both August and September? I'm presuming, certainly, July, do you have a sense of? And then how broad is it? Is it at the higher-end properties versus the lower-end properties, how broad-based? And then when did these discrete pockets of rate pressure, when did you first see that emerge? And then like why would you buy that $600 million worth of stock in front of an outlook that perhaps would give you a better opportunity to buy stock?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: For God's sake, you guys get so worked up about a few weeks. It's just unreal. Let's start with the quarter again. In May, we talked about what we saw happening. We wanted to fill some of those holes with smaller group business. We thought we would. We did not. We bought back stock and we will continue to buy back stock because we think our stock is ridiculously undervalued. And it is a good allocation of our free cash flow. Do we think that there's anything going on in Las Vegas structurally that would cause us concern? The answer is no, because we see what's going to happen in the fourth quarter, which starts in about a month. So I appreciate the concern, I guess, around a couple month period of time. If I share that concern, I would tell you, but we have the benefit of having the data in front of us knowing that we're going to be stronger in the fourth quarter and going into 2019. So what we did know, what we do know is there was pressure around the city everywhere, not just to companies everywhere. And we see that pressure abating going into September and October.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: And what I would say, Joe, is the biggest pressure, really, is on really that short-term booking window. So, the other channels that we're seeing are booking the way we like to see them book, actually they're pretty healthy, are our FIT channels and our casino channels. It's that real short-term booking window that has been very challenging. To answer the question, the Bellagios of the world, they're seeing less of an impact. People are trading up and we've seen that before in the past also. So, probably the biggest impact when you get into these pricing pressures are the core properties and probably the lower end of the core properties like the Excaliburs and the Circuses.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Shaun Kelley of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning, guys. It's hard not to just sort of stay with this topic. I don't know how to position it to help everyone, but here's the way I look at it, right? When we look at the guidance and the pricing environment for Q3, like, this is the worst RevPAR number on a growth rate basis that you guys are going to have imprinted since 2009. It's the worst margin number you guys have imprinted since 2009. And that includes quarterly seasonality and convention shifts and CON/AGG moving in and out. So, I guess, the question we look at is, is there something bigger in the competitive landscape now maybe with Caesars coming out of bankruptcy, with more competition there, or something else that may have been exacerbating the issues that we're seeing in this period? And how can people gain confidence that it's not given kind of the very short-term visibility that we really do seem to have in the business?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, we're going to look at your margin assumption which – but on RevPAR, yes, it's the lowest year-over-year against the comps that we're talking about. Our margins have gone up dramatically over the last several years. So it can't possibly be...
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: The year-over-year performance, Jim. Just down 450 basis points would be – again, minor tweaks aside – would be the lowest number we've seen since 2Q 2009.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Okay. But the margin itself is, what, much higher.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Of course.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Right. So, I mean, we're running the company on margin and on profit. So what we've seen is that short-term pressure we talked about. What we are seeing in the fourth quarter is not that. So, yes, against the comps that we had last year because RevPAR is almost all profit, when the RevPAR declines, your margins are going to go down, unless you want to dramatically reduce your cost structure to a point where it's going to affect service and we did not do that.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Understood. And just to completely shift gears, I mean, you gave a lot of strategic updates that were very important, Jim, in your prepared remarks, one of those being on reducing the ownership in MGP to under 50% within three years. Could you just talk, I mean, obviously, at a high level that can involve probably M&A that's hard for you to talk about, but could you just give us a sense of what kind of things would be along the path to being able to make that reduction and would you consider potentially distributing or selling additional shares in MGP?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: We consider everything. We believe we've said, but we now have put a perimeter around it that we should own less of MGP. We think MGP is going to grow. We know it's the premier triple-net in the space. We know we have the best management team. We know they have the best prospects for acquisitions with third-party operators and they're working on several of them. So, that will happen. Secondly, we would be more than willing, at the right price, to reduce our equity ownership in MGP through the sale of OP units. And thirdly, MGP has the opportunity to transact with MGM in ways that would probably further, if done properly, reduce our equity ownership in MGP. So I think everything's on the table. But the goal is to reduce our equity ownership because we believe that, number one, there's great value, very valued arbitrage there; and number two, we think MGP would benefit from an expanded shareholding base.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, there. So, Jim, on your guidance, your RevPAR guidance for the full year down low-single-digits kind of implies a wide range for the fourth quarter. You do sound more optimistic for the fourth quarter. So I was just wondering, fourth quarter RevPAR given the guidance, it could be negative, it could be positive. Will it be positive?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: It'll be positive.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And just getting to guidance, I think what a lot of people are so frustrated by is – and this is what I'm wondering, is how you – and you explained very clearly. You gave a guidance in April, what happened in May, what happened since then. But, I think, what's frustrating is how could you previously base second half guidance based on convention business or group business you were trying to get, but didn't have yet knowing that summer would be a challenge. So, maybe you can address the thought process there.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I'll answer, Felicia. I mean, the way we always forecast is we work with our sales team and we plan on not only what's on the books, but what we think we can because we want to make sure we're filling the rooms the right way. It just didn't come up to fruition this year. And so what you're seeing in our latest guidance is we have been probably more on the conservative side and pulled out most of that just because it didn't come to fruition this year.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. And I think that that's helpful and appreciate the conservatism, and hopefully, that practice continues because it just seems to give – to not kind of put in that kind of probability of uncertainty into your guidance I think gets you into these sorts of situations.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: It will and we are as frustrated as you because we were getting very weary of talking about RevPAR, which is not the metric we measure ourselves on here. I know it's what everyone wants to talk about, but we measure ourselves on cash flow and profitability. And yes, we're down in those metrics because of the factors we talked about. But we hear the message loud and clear from the Street. We're getting a little weary of talking about specific RevPAR guidance, but we're going to use tremendous conservatism in the future.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And, Corey, are there – I mean, I know – I understand adding amenities, attractions, different things to bring people in during the quieter times of the year is helpful and hopefully in the future will be very additive. But I'm also wondering if there's any kind of systems or improvement internally you can employ to help the company be less reactive to the ebbs and flows of demand in the slower periods?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Well, the way we forecast our labor and everything is very much tied to our forecast, our seven-day forecast, so we're able to adjust our labor and expenses for that. But as long as I've been here and especially before the convention business was here in the summer, these ebbs and flows, especially for that three-month period, when it's 120 degrees outside, it's a challenge that we just get – fight our way through for that short-term period. We are looking at creatively how we may repackage certain things in the summer, looking at some of the competition for summer travel. As you look at, whether it's different industries or different cities, we constantly are looking at that and looking for better ways to maybe package how we do our business.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Carlo Santarelli of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. When you guys think about the business more broadly, if I recall, convention mix is – for this year – is roughly close to flat, I believe, despite having some holes to fill. But what it seems is that that leisure, FIT, is just not firming up the way that it should. And when you think about bigger picture, U.S. macro, domestic lodging, performance, et cetera, what is it that you think is kind of keeping that business a little bit more subdued? As I would imagine that with the forward visibility that you do have and seeing some of the guidance revisions, a lot of this has to relate to that shorter booking window businesses, as Corey just mentioned. So, what is it that you think some of that domestic kind of core customer softness is stemming from?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Hi, Carlo. Our FIT channels are actually hanging in pretty well. It's really the OTA channels that are probably a little more challenging. But I also think if you look at the macro components here, the city had its 6.6 million convention attendees last year, which was a record by over 300,000. If everyone's trends are similar to us, we'll be down a little bit in mix. So, you're probably looking at 400,000, 500,000 extra rooms that have to be sold in that channel. You add in the room supply, which has increased slightly, I think probably because of rooms being put on the market that were out of order, and you're probably looking about 600,000 extra rooms that are trying to get sold just for this year. I think that's this year experience because what we're seeing for next year with what's on the books and what we're hearing from our competitors that are having similar trends of convention rooms on the books, there will be less reliance on that channel.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you. And then, Jim, if I could just follow up? You mentioned earlier in response to a question about potentially purchasing or selling, sorry, OP units to kind of net down that MGP ownership. My recollection is that there are some tax consequences related to that. Has anything changed in terms of the ability to do that in a tax-efficient manner?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: We have a lot of options available to us. I brought it up as one of the many options that we have in order to reduce our ownership. Do you want to take them, Dan?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: I mean, Carlo, there's still a low basis in some of those units and a higher basis in others depending on the assets and when they were contributed into the venture. Obviously, things like National Harbor and Borgata will have a higher basis for us in terms of the OP units during those transactions versus the lower basis of some of the original Strip assets that went in upon formation. So there is some tax issues to kind of work through, but we learned a long ago from Mr. Kerkorian that we don't let kind of the tax tail wag the dog too much from that perspective. And if it makes sense to do in maximizing shareholder value, then we will look at it and take the tax into consideration.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right. Great. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: The next question is from Thomas Allen of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning. So, we're coming up to the anniversary of the terrible shooting on October 1. Is that having a disproportionate impact on that time of year just given it is the anniversary and maybe some experiences from last year? Thanks.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: You want to tackle that first, Corey, or do you want to...?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Hey, Thomas, it's Dan. Mandalay is still recovering as a property and is not fully back yet. We do see in kind of September, October, some of which is calendar-driven, but some of it is probably around the event timetable. We do see a little bit of softness around the event timetable in group, but we do have a pretty strong loyal base at Mandalay as well that is being very supportive and will continue to be supportive. So, we do see a little bit of weakness around that time period – later summer into the fall – but Mandalay as a property itself for 2019 is up quite nicely in terms of its pace. And that's good to see for the property longer term.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, Dan.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I would say the...
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Sorry.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: ...the rest of the portfolio is pretty much back and Mandalay is probably about 80% back.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Helpful. Thank you. And then just on the Borgata, there's obviously new competition coming into the market. Can you just frame how you're thinking about – or there has been new competition? Can you frame how it's gone so far and how you're modeling the impact to that property? Thank you.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. There has been a little bit of impact. Borgata, obviously, has clearly been the market leader by a mile for a long time in that market, maybe a few miles. And we did expect, obviously, some increased competition with the two new properties and just the new capacity coming online. But it's early days right now, but I can tell you that we saw some initial impact in the first couple of weeks. Their business has recovered, but we do think just because of the capacity in the market that Borgata will be down a little bit, and we think that's probably in the kind of 10%, 15% range roughly. But thus far, the property's been performing well. We're watching and looking at the covers, looking at a lot of the volume metrics. And after first couple of weeks, we're actually seeing those start to come back. So, looks like people are kind of testing out the new product, but realizing Borgata is still a great property and has all the amenities that it needs. So we do expect some impact just because of the capacity in the market, but Borgata is holding up well.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: The one thing we'll want to really watch – July, the first month, and actually I was over there, there's a lot of activity with a lot of concerts both at Hard Rock and Borgata had their 15-year anniversary. So, as a lot of that activity goes away, we'll have to see where the ship works out, but Borgata is very well-positioned to maintain its market share there.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Robin Farley of UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks. Just to understand a little bit better and you talked about the Q3 phenomenon you called it as the fewer group events, but it looks like Q4 RevPAR guidance sort of implied is down at least sort of 500 basis points as well. So it seems like it's something beyond just this comping and the difficult seasonality of Q3. I mean, you mentioned that you took out the assumption about smaller group business coming in closer to the time. Is that responsible for like a 500 basis point swing in the RevPAR outlook in Q4?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: I don't know. I'm not sure where you get the 500 basis point, but we have been very conservative on our Q4 forecast to put in the trends that we're seeing now. Do we think those will continue? No, but that's how we forecasted Q4.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. And our numbers don't show that level of decline. We're actually showing our RevPAR to be up in the fourth quarter.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: I meant the 500 basis point decline versus what your previous guidance had suggested. So, in other words, previous guidance would have implied something of maybe mid-single-digits and now sort of closer to flat again and you're saying still positive. So I just meant that delta, the change in your outlook being that couple hundred basis points. So, is that driven by that smaller group business that that level of change in the outlook?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Our group business in the fourth quarter looks pretty good. But as Corey said, we're just being a little bit more conservative, given the current trends and the environment we're in right now. And as we get into and deeper into the fourth quarter, we see those trends changing. Our event calendar is stronger in the fourth quarter, particularly at our Arenas. So, hopefully, there's upside to the number. But right now, we just built in a little bit of conservatism from the standpoint of what that growth will look like.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. And I'll just add to that, Robin. Over many years, we've been trying to be very granular on what our RevPAR is going to be every quarter. And when we meet it or exceed it, everyone says that's fine, big deal. And when we miss it, it's like a big disaster. And we're just not going to take that type of forecasting hit anymore. So, we are going to, including right now, be very conservative with a lot of cushion in our RevPAR guidance. And it is what it is. And we give more information than others. We're going to continue to do that. We're going to do that with the idea that we're going to be conservative. We're not going to predict what we cannot predict. We're going to predict what we see happening in the marketplace right now. Do we expect that we'll be able to add business in the fourth quarter that would improve this guidance? Yes, we do. But we're guiding to this number because that's what we've seen coming off of this very tough pricing environment in the summer, and that's reflected in the fourth quarter. And that's what we're going with right now.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: And I appreciate the color. Maybe just one follow-up. You were talking about kind of the convention outlook in 2019 and 2020 that it's – you said it's not soft, but it's – I don't know if you used the word stronger, up or something. But it sounds like you're implying that 2019 and 2020 were better in terms of convention on the books. I guess, given the delta here that can be caused by maybe the small group meetings, like kind of on the margin, it seems like those small group in the year for the year make a pretty significant difference and, I guess, have much less visibility on a forward outlook. What does this sort of early view that you are implying about 2019 and 2020? Were you thinking that the convention mix will grow again in 2019? Because I would think at least for the large conventions that would be on the books already, you'd have some visibility on that?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: So, I'll take that. I think everyone's focused on the convention base and that's where the biggest miss was. The actual biggest adjustment to the RevPAR is in that land package. And 80% of it was in that land package. However, in looking at what's on the books, like I mentioned, we are up pretty good in 2019, almost 15%. But even more so, we don't talk a lot about this, but the convention calendar and how dates fall and how holidays fall are pretty favorable in 2019. For example, Thanksgiving is at the end of November, on 28. That gives us one extra week to book. The holidays are a little bit more favorable. Some of them are on weekends, the Jewish holidays. So, that gives us a few more days to book. So, all of those things are positive. CES, which floated out a week last year, is going back right after New Year's. All of that will help as we try to drive our RevPAR.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. And I would just add to that. So, one, convention business has been strong. Two, as we said, we tried to fill in the third quarter some small group business, which we weren't getting. So we went to the land package and the land package was where the pricing impacted our RevPAR. It was in the land package. Looking into the fourth quarter, obviously, as we said, we see a better convention mix of business and the pace for our conventions of whether they're large or small are up in 2019 versus 2018. And so, that's what we were trying to suggest as what was happening in the third quarter when we veered out of the small group business when it wasn't coming in to the land business, that's where we had the rate compression. But going into the fourth quarter, we've lowered all that small business down because we don't know if we're going to get it. And we took a cut on 2019 and even with that, as Corey says, we expect to be up next year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: And Robin, I just want to clarify something. Our in the year for the year is actually flat year-over-year. We were just forecasting it to be up, but it's flat. So, our mix overall will be down a little bit year-on-year. Obviously, CON/AGG in last year kind of plays a big part in that. But just to be clear, our in the year for the year is pacing exactly as it was last year. We were just anticipating to kind of grow that part of the business a little bit. And that's the piece that we just fell a little short on.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from John DeCree of Union Gaming. Please go ahead.
John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to kind of shift gears a little bit. Jim, you had made two pretty big announcements over the last week as it relates to sports and sports betting. And I think I have two questions. One, in markets where we're spending is not quite authorized yet or you don't have legislation. Is there an opportunity or initiative with your partner to get up and running on some type of interactive communication with your customer, whether it's kind of free play gaming or something of that nature that you could start to engage folks before even sports betting legislation is passed?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yes. That's a good question. So, first, as the states are going to roll out and you probably – everyone is probably doing their own modeling of this, but we would expect some very active legislative activity next year in high-population states like Massachusetts and New York and a couple others. And, of course, we'll be at the forefront of that with our Springfield property and when we close on Empire. From a standpoint of states that we cannot access because the legislative process will be slower, there's a social gaming opportunity that we're working on with GVC. So, we'll be able to – because they're a omni-channel provider, very different than simply a B2B supplier, we're going to be able to, we believe, talk to customers more robustly in more states than we otherwise could.
John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC: If I could follow up on that, Jim, as it relates to an earlier question, I think early in the call, about kind of filling demand in Las Vegas on off-peak or shoulder season. With Yonkers coming to the portfolio, Springfield opening in a high-population dense state like Massachusetts and then the digital channel that's now on the horizon for you, if I think about the M life Loyalty Program and the expansion that you should see in that database over the next 12-plus months, how important is that to generating incremental demand in Las Vegas and how do you think about that opportunity going forward?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: I think it will help. I think it's certainly incremental to what we otherwise have seen. But as I've said, I think that we are going to be – we are well-positioned for next year anyway. Bringing more content to the town will benefit our competitors and, of course, ourselves, but being able to bring more opportunities to town on the interactive side will, I think, on an outside basis help us. So, whether it's on e-sports or on interactive. We're working with the NBA leading into the Summer League and the activities we can generate throughout the year with that league working with other professional leagues, working in other areas of the interactive space. The idea here is to: number one, maximize the profitability of our existing resorts, managing our expenses, and going for the higher margins that we put into our deck, the 32% EBITDA margin goal we have in our deck; number two, amplifying the existing buildings through the interactive and sports space; and three, becoming more asset-light as we can opportunistically sell some of our physical assets and continue to operate them. The interactive space is going to be very large in the United States and I don't think we all fully grasp what the potential can be over the next several years, not just in sports itself, but what that will do as a vehicle for the other digital channels.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: And, John, also as I mentioned, our casino blocks are actually pretty healthy right now. Still below our competitors and I think that has to do a lot with Borgata going on to M life National Harbor. And it's not just going to be Yonkers, but Springfield is also going to open. So I think all of those are healthy. And as Jim mentioned on the interactive side, our deals with our partners are to expand our database and to convert the interactive customer into our brick-and-mortar buildings.
John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC: Thanks for the color, Corey. Thanks, Jim.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Stephen Grambling of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, thanks. Just to follow up on that line of questions and answers. As you dissect all of your customer data across the Strip and the regional markets, how is the softer leisure trend during the downtimes manifesting itself in locals markets? In other words, can you see if leisure consumers are just reallocating dollars to local markets? And then perhaps tie that into your response how that frames your strategy and perspective on sports and online betting longer term?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: So, in the regionals, the things that we look at in particular, slot volumes and everything just to see the health of the customer, Detroit had – just literally had their second best quarter – the best second quarter they had ever. Borgata slot revenue, which is one of the big drivers, was a record second quarter. National Harbor, obviously, has market share. And as we look at the markets and the market share, those are pretty healthy. I think what we're seeing here in Vegas is consumers are looking for alternative places for entertainment. And so, it's not necessarily that there's a weaker consumer, but there's – look, there's alternative options for them. So we have to replace some of that option. Let's say, they went to Europe, which we understand there's been a lot of travel to Europe this year, that's where we're trying to adjust there. But, in general, the regionals are doing good. We believe – just to give you an idea – Borgata sports book is about 20% of our total company's volume in about a month. And so, we think that we're not seeing anything there that would indicate that it would impact sports.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. And, in fact – I mean, adding to that, the regional properties are going to be big online gaming customer properties. And we're days away from New Jersey, so we'll be able to see that data pretty quickly in other states that we operate or through Boyd's market access, we will operate in very quickly. I think also what's important – and that's why I know we're all frustrated on RevPAR – but we are a gaming hotel company, our market share in the second quarter on the Strip was up in every metric: our slot market share, table market share, Baccarat market share. And going into next year, we expect it to continue to grow, which is a big driver of our cash flows and profitability. And so, as we are going through this period where we had the knowns that we've discussed at length and then we had the strategy of trying to fill those holes, which we did not, could not and put it into the land-based model, which was at lower prices than we hoped, we're seeing that starting to improve in the fourth quarter; and we expect it to improve. But because of what we've seen the last couple of months, we just took a very conservative approach, which we will do forever more, because I don't like calls like this. And so, we are going to continue to be conservative on the RevPAR guidance because there's really no upside in us for doing anything other than that. It's not how we run our business. It's not what we see is going to happen in the fourth quarter in Las Vegas where we dominate. It's not what we see on the books for next year. We had foreshadowed a tough third quarter three months ago. It came in worse than we thought, but at least we saw what was happening in the citywides. So, you can take that information into the fourth quarter where we see the citywides up and we see what we see in our books in the fourth quarter has been up. And since we have over 40,000 hotel rooms here, it's probably going to be the case for Las Vegas. And going into 2019, we've seen no unusual cancellations at all. We're seeing bookings coming on. We see our pace being up in every channel. We're not going to forecast as much in the year for the year in our RevPAR forecasting in the future because there is no merit in that for us. We're going to continue to drive revenues everywhere, not just in the hotel business, which is but one of our many cash registers, but in all of our businesses – in our entertainment, our food and beverage, our gaming. We're going to drive more gaming revenue and we take more profit because of our leadership position in technology, interactive and digital. And we're almost done with CapEx. We're going to open up Springfield this month. We're opening up all the products that Grant talked about in Macau this year. And as we go into 2019, the free cash flow that we're already generating is going to, we believe, dramatically accelerate to a point where we think we're going to be generating $3.50 of free cash flow in 2020. We're going to harvest that free cash flow to the benefit of the shareholders. And yes, we will continue to buy back stock. We think our stock is a tremendous opportunity for us and far better use of our capital than any acquisition on the global gaming horizon. We're going to continue to get to that leverage goal through driving our cash flow. And we're going to continue to work to build the foundation to win in Japan, the single greatest potential growth opportunity this industry has seen in a decade. And so, I understand where we are. I'm particularly proud of the people that work here, the leadership of the properties, the men and women of MGM Resorts. We've dealt with a business situation that we're resolving in the marketplace. And we're seeing improvements going into the balance of this year. And we are confident of what's happening in 2019 and beyond. And we're putting our money where our mouth is in the form of returning the value to the shareholders, continuing to be the shareholder-oriented company that we are, continuing to use the levers that we have in front of us, to allow MGP to continue to grow, grow rapidly with a good balance sheet, and see MGM Resorts' ownership of that enterprise decline. We continue to see what we can do in our existing portfolio and we continue the goal of becoming less capital-intensive and asset-light. And fortunately for MGM, because we have an outstanding balance sheet at 4.5 times leverage, with one of the simplest capital structures you can have, we have an awful lot, almost a vast amount of financial flexibility to not only deal with the choppiness of a month or two, but also to take advantage of market opportunities where we have that choppiness. And you're going to see that when we finish Park MGM. And you're going to see a very different resort by the time the Golden Knights hit the ice again this coming season. And that's going to drive a lot of incremental cash. And to be clear, looking at our cash flows over the next couple of years in the ramp-up of it, all we need to do is do what we have done, finish projects and have them perform well, like we have done with MGM National Harbor, which obviously immediately became the market leader. All we have to do is continue to do that. Open up MGM Springfield and have it shine, and it will. It'll be very profitable and it's going to be there when sports betting is approved in the Commonwealth. All we have to do is finish all the amenities that will drive cash flows in Cotai. And all we have to do is finish Monte Carlo's conversion to Park MGM, and then we sit back and reap the rewards of many years of development and a large capital spending that will set the foundation for much more rapid growth of cash flow in the future. And finally, to be also clear, we have a very clear idea of our capital spending. It is going to remain in a very tight range for the next several years. And so, that free cash flow that will come from improving the operational efficiencies of the buildings that we have, battling out when we do have market softness like we had, and driving our additional free cash flow through these new properties, that's going to go toward the shareholder, as it has been and as it will in the future. And finally and I think this is an important point, in our CapEx guidance that we have given and we'll continue to give, because we were ahead of the pack in terms of improving all of our buildings and we undoubtedly have the highest quality assets by a mile in every market in which we operate and all you need to do is go to any place in the United States to understand that, we're going to be able to without spending any more CapEx on those properties than what we normally do from a maintenance perspective, put money into exciting technology-related areas that we believe will drive incremental cash flow, greater productivity and result in less capital intensity in the complex in the future.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: So I appreciate you spending the time with us today. We look forward to taking all your questions. Look forward to seeing you out here as the summer months thankfully are coming to an end. And as we get into the fall and football season, playMGM because that sports betting app will be the dominant leader. Thank you, all, very much. And we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International Grant R. Bowie - MGM Grand Paradise Ltd. Catherine Park - MGM Resorts International
Analysts: Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Chad Beynon - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the MGM Resorts International First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Bill Hornbuckle, President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; and Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are in listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please note this event is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo. Please go ahead.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Thank you, Steve and good morning and welcome everyone to the MGM Resorts first quarter 2018 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those forward-looking statements are contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is also available on our website. Please note that during the first quarter, the new revenue recognition accounting rules have taken effect. We've restated the prior year to be consistent with the current year and to help you navigate through some of those changes due to revenue recognition, we've included preliminary recasted quarterly 2017 stats and revenues as part of our supplemental earnings deck, which is posted on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim Murren.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well. Thank you, Dan. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. We started out the new year delivering on results better than guidance in Las Vegas, in fact Bellagio had its best first quarter on record. This of course was despite heading into the quarter facing some challenging comp comparisons with the first quarter of last year. Importantly, we continue to execute on our strategy of accelerating our free cash flow generation. I think it's worth noting that we entered into agreements to sell both Grand Victoria and the Mandarin Oriental, and we'll be able to allocate those proceeds to higher return opportunities and to the shareholders. In fact, we returned over $430 million to the shareholders, both through an increased dividend and share buybacks. And since early 2017, we've returned over $1 billion to shareholders. Of course we've opened MGM Cotai in February, we just announced today we're opening up MGM Springfield in a few short months, and that marks the end of our current development cycle, which puts us into the exciting period of generating significant free cash flow. As I mentioned, we announced MGM Springfield's opening today, it's going to open on August 24. It's a very unique asset, we're very, very excited about the role it has already played in Springfield and the economic opportunity for Springfield and MGM Springfield. It's going to drive tremendous traffic to that property and of course to our portfolio of MGM properties in the region and we believe it's going to have a very solid return on investment. Here in Las Vegas, we're very energized about what's happening in this market broadly and our competitive advantages here. We know what's happening in terms of the long term growth in tourism and the convention business and entertainment and of course in sports, all of which we are both a meaningful contributor to and a beneficiary of. From a day-to-day perspective, we're very focused on executing on the strategies we've talked to you about, optimizing our customer mix, leveraging our casino database in a targeted way, driving more profitable business into our portfolio. And those strategies work to our favor in the first quarter despite lapping that major citywide convention that we talked about. In fact on the casino business, the high end remains especially strong and of course you've seen that with the luxury properties that we and others own in Las Vegas. We all benefited in the first quarter from a later than usual Chinese New Year and that allowed the market to separately host the Super Bowl events, as well as the Chinese New Year's events. And because of that, our first quarter Strip revenues were only down 2% better than what we had said on our last call, we thought it would be down 3% to 5%. Our margins were down 125 basis points in the first quarter. We had predicted margins being down 250 basis points. And our RevPAR decline of 4.3% was at the tight end of the range we had given of 4% to 6%. Over at Monte Carlo or soon to be Park MGM that repositioning with the Sydell Group continues to progress and those that have seen the public spaces, you could see it's looking now more like the intended final product. We are finally coming to the completion of that at the end of this year. It's worth noting we've never undertaken anything like this before, and when it's all said and done, we will have literally changed every square inch of the property, while keeping it open. And the disruption that we've seen there is fairly obvious and we completely underestimated the financial impact that that would cause. We're going to continue to see that through the balance of this year until we finish the project and it will be finished at the end of this year as we finish off The Strip part. So, with that on Monte Carlo that will remain a challenge. And I also have to cite Mandalay Bay, it's in a recovery mode, it is not recovered as rapidly as we had hoped. Again, this is a property that is undertaking a tremendous challenge, unprecedented and we're getting our arms around what that has meant, but that has lagged behind what we had predicted in terms of its performance. So, taking Monte Carlo and Mandalay Bay into account specifically and looking at the second quarter, we can say that April so far has been strong in many respects except on the casino side where we've had a very rugged table games hold percentage in April, lower than our normal range. We also are not going to have a fight that we all were very highly anticipating in May. Those are the factors that lead us to lower our RevPAR expectations and our margin expectations for the second quarter. To be clear, it's isolated to those factors. Lower than expected results out of Mandalay Bay, lower than expected results out of Monte Carlo, not having a fight that we had predicted the last time we talked to you, and so far in April, a lower table games hold percentage. So, let's look as you've asked us and we continue to provide as much information as we can into the back half of the year. We know that it's important as the proxy for Las Vegas for MGM to do that. Also knowing that outside of 45 days, our perspectives are less clear than they are in the year, for the year and in the quarter, for the quarter. But given that into account, we can say that we see a strong second half, but a mix of the citywide convention business that all of us in Las Vegas will experience in the third quarter will likely be down. The citywide conventions are projected to be down in the third quarter, but they're projected to be up nicely in the fourth quarter against obviously a very easy comparison. If you were to take that into account, it looks like the second half of 2018 in Las Vegas for the market should be up mid-to-high single digits. As a result of that, we expect our own Strip revenues to be up slightly and our margins still burdened by the recovery at Mandalay Bay and in the results of Monte Carlo. We expect for the year, our RevPAR will be up 1% to 3%, but again this reflects the slower than expected ramp up at Mandalay Bay and the Monte Carlo points that I've mentioned. It would also be worth bearing mention the rest of our portfolio is doing extremely well. And of course what's not reflected here is the great strength of ARIA, which is not in these numbers because we're talking about the wholly-owned properties. In terms of 2019, I think you've heard this already with other companies and we can confirm that the lead volumes for 2019 are strong, the booking base for 2019 is also strong. We are pacing at MGM above in 2019 versus 2018. And from a citywide perspective, getting back to the citywide conventions, 2019 is looking better than 2018 as well. How are we capitalizing on this? We're seeing that at ARIA with the expanded convention space, which opened a couple of months ago, it's been extremely well occupied and we've been able to book larger groups there, which have higher catering margins. We expect to also see that when we finish the expansion to MGM Grand. As you know, we're adding 250,000 square feet to our convention center there and that will be operational in the very early part of 2019 and the pre-bookings for that has been very positive. And of course, there's a lot going on here in Las Vegas, we got the Golden Knights tonight, we have WNBA starting soon, we have construction well underway for the Raiders. We have significant amount of money being invested in the Las Vegas Convention Center. We're seeing a strong growth in local population, all of that is accruing to in general better macro trends in Las Vegas in 2018 than we saw in 2017. And of course that's against the backdrop of a U.S. economy that seems to be positive for discretionary companies like MGM. Over in Macau, Grant will speak to this in a moment, but we're very, very pleased that MGM Cotai is open, it opened in February. It has been very well-received and I think it exactly reflects the type of property that the Macau customer is looking for today. It's been obviously very early days, but we've been very encouraged by several things. Number one, MGM, Macau has experienced almost no cannibalization, and that proves the stickiness of that particular property and in fact the Peninsular customer and the loyalty of that customer. Secondly, it's clear that though we're going to have a ramp up at MGM Cotai as others have had in that market, because particularly we don't have the VIP operations coming online until later this year. Our mass volumes and our production levels are running better than we had expected and we're seeing very healthy player sign ups. And finally, all of our non-gaming amenities have been incredibly well-received. The spectacle is – I was going to say spectacular, it's been extraordinarily well-occupied, all the F&B has been tremendously strong and our first resident show is opening soon. I think you know, but I think it's incredibly important to mention the progress going on in Japan by the government. The LDP approved the IR bill two days ago, it goes to the cabinet tomorrow on Friday where our experts are saying it will likely be approved. This is a very important milestone for the gaming industry. And as you know, MGM has been very committed to this market. We believe that we are a frontrunner to participate in an IR should that they be ultimately approved by the Diet. We think that because we've developed the right relationships, we have the right reputation. We have been there a long time. We have the right brands and we're developing and have developed a very strong consortium. It also bears repeating that the company is very near the end of its development cycle. And of course with Cotai already opened, with National Harbor already opened and Springfield opening in a couple of months that turbocharges our free cash flow which we intend to return to the shareholders in a more meaningful way than we've been able to do already. And that brings us to the strategies of the company. One, maximizing the operating performance in whatever business environment that we're in, we have highly expert people in operations, in analytics, on digital, to maximize whatever the dynamic marketplace has both here in Las Vegas and in our regional properties which are all doing well. We're going to continue to reinvest in our assets where we believe we could take assets and make them higher returning assets, as I believe we're doing at Monte Carlo converting to Park MGM and we will cull the portfolio and sell assets where we believe we cannot have either a competitive advantage or where the return on invested capital does not meet our standard. And that of course is reflected of the Grand Victoria sale and the Mandarin sale, which would generate a tremendous amount of money for us and the shareholders. We will continue to have a very strong credit profile, so that we can withstand any macroeconomic volatility. And we will pursue the few high growth opportunities that may exist, and of course, Japan being top of the list. But overarching all of that is our continued desire to continue to return this accelerating free cash flow to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchase. And so with that, I will turn it over to Steve. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, thanks for taking the question. I guess the first one, just you mentioned a number of factors that brought down the guidance. It seems like there are some reasons to be more excited about the backdrop, both based on your results this quarter and some of your peer results. Are you embedding any of this in your guidance or is it simply changing for the few things that you mentioned lower?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: I'll start that and then I'll turn it over to my left and right. First off, we try and I think we failed here because looking at the stock price, we have failed and I apologize for that, but we've tried to balance what we see on the near-term basis with the questions we get in terms of a longer term forecast. On a near-term basis we are consistently highly confident and how we can do in the current quarter. And in fact we've been pretty accurate in terms of our RevPAR guidance for many years in terms of how we're doing in the current quarter. The three factors that made us bring the guidance down in the current quarter are, one, we just did not anticipate not getting the fight. I didn't know about tainted meat in Mexico. We didn't know and this is on us. We didn't know how impactful the Monte Carlo disruption would be. We felt that we could manage around it and we haven't been able to. And we didn't know exactly what it would take to basically re-launch Mandalay Bay. Those are on us. And that's on me, I know better. As it relates to going out beyond the current quarter, there's some of these dynamics that are very still unclear. The citywides could be refilled very easily. We just don't know what September is going to look like in the city specifically. And in the city specifically what happens there will impact how MGM yields its own portfolio of 42,000 rooms. We do know that the fourth quarter is going to be very strong. We also know that there is good events in the second half of the year. We will unless there is more meat on the horizon have a really good fight in September, but we had two great fights in the third quarter of last year. There's some things we do know about the second half of the year, there's some we don't, but I feel like we probably should've done a better job of explaining the level of confidence we have in the current quarter versus answering the questions of what we see going out 6 to 12 months, which obviously has less data.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Fair enough. I guess as a follow-up, can you elaborate a little bit more going on with the Monte Carlo disruption? Is that delayed construction? Is that just a greater disruption from what is going on and what's the latest timeline or sequencing between kind of the base layer of renovations versus NoMad?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. So, I'll start and I'll turn it over to maybe Dan or I mean to Corey or Bill Hornbuckle who just got back. But, one of the challenges that Monte Carlo's had is for the last several months, is it does not have a porte cochere. It's kind of a tough thing when you go to a resort and you can't drive up to the front door. This is something we've always wrestled with at MGM Grand, for example. We'd always would like to improve the porte cochere at MGM, but we just haven't figured out how to do that without massively disrupting traffic. Over at Monte Carlo, we knew we had to do it, we've done it and that we completely underestimated the negativity to that. Secondly, all the walk-in traffic from The Strip is closed because The Strip access is closed. It was intended to be and will be the last element of the expansion when we add Eataly there on the corner at the end of this year. So, we underestimated what the impact would be there. The good news is that 90% of the rooms are done at Park MGM, the NoMad floors and the top Park MGM floors are closed right now for its remodel. The restaurants that are open are doing very well. The Sports Book bar that's open is doing very well. So, when we do release things to the public, we're getting very high returns, it's just been brutal in this process.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Stephen, what I would add, the challenge on the room side in particular is we're in a transition of changing the name to Park MGM, which will happen here fairly soon. So, our websites are changing, everything is changing, there's confusion with the consumer. The ratings for the property and all the channels are negative because of all the construction that we've had. So, what we've elected to do is we want to make sure that people, especially our most loyal customers are able to experience the product. So, we've been in opaque channels at lower rates filling that hotel in the interim period, but we feel really comfortable with our strategy. The other transition that will happen is our advertising campaign will go out later in the fall as we get closer to NoMad being complete and Eataly being complete. Now at that time, I think it will be really the first time we'll be able to market that property in the way that it needs to be marketed.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's all helpful. And one last follow-up if I can sneak it in, is just on capital allocation, I guess what are your thoughts as CapEx comes down, but then you're thinking about some of these big chunky potential requirements from something like Japan as well as just broader thoughts on some of the consolidation we're seeing in the broader industry? Thanks.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure. I'll tackle that. We have no plans on the horizon at all in terms of a major new project here in Las Vegas. The only major growth opportunity that would require a significant amount of capital would be if we're fortunate enough to win Japan, which is three to four years away before we would even know. And even there, we would be part of a large consortium and therefore have only our share to contribute over some long period of construction time. We feel, at this point in time, that we're in a position to be very, very surgical in our capital investments where we will continue to put money to work to make the buildings that we own, that we feel have a future more profitable. We will continue to look for higher return on investment opportunities within the buildings we have, and we have a few ideas around that in the non-gaming space particularly because of our belief that Las Vegas is really emerging as a dominant sports town. And we will continue to cull the portfolio, probably I think it's illustrative that we're selling with our joint venture partner a beautiful hotel for over $200 million. It's not that it's not a beautiful hotel, it's just that we believe that the return on that invested capital, that asset is not high enough to warrant the continued ownership, and we could deploy that cash either back to the shareholders or in far higher ROI projects. We have no interest in embarking upon a major growth plan through M&A. We have no interest in branching into markets that we're unfamiliar with. We have a keen interest in continue to maximizing the advantages that we have in our key markets where we are literally the number one market share property in almost every market in which we operate. And there are a few strategic opportunities that may come our way because of our relationship with MGM Growth Properties, which is out there sourcing deals that could be very profitable for MGM Resorts shareholders. But beyond that, the focus is returning the cash to the shareholders.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's all very helpful. Thanks so much. I'll jump back in the queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, everybody. I have two buckets of questions. The first one is with regard to your Las Vegas Strip outlook. If we piece together your different comments and guidance items for The Strip today versus the last quarter, 2Q through 4Q of this year EBITDA is down about $100 million versus what was implied in the prior guidance. And you cited those four things: Mandalay, Monte Carlo, the fight or a lack of fight with Canelo, and now holds, how much of that $100 million do you apportion to each of those four items?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure, Joe. I'll take it, and maybe turn it over to Dan. I looked at this the last several days where the consensus is for Strip, we're talking about wholly owned here, because...
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Correct.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: ...excluding ARIA but, we were up until today within $50 million. We're a company that generates $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion of EBITDA a year. And we were within $50 million of consensus as of this morning. So the factors that whatever the range is, whether it's $50 million that we see or $100 million that you see, the factors of the delta is almost exclusively isolated to the ones that we just talked about. Mandalay Bay, Monte Carlo, no fight, and so far in one month in the second quarter lower hold.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. If we were to exclude – maybe I'll follow offline then, but if we were to exclude the impact from Mandalay Bay and Monte Carlo from your full year RevPAR guidance, that 1% to 3% would look more like what, Jim?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: From RevPAR guidance I think Mandalay, Joe – this is Dan. I think Mandalay is at least 50 basis points and could be as high as 100 basis points on that RevPAR guidance at Mandalay alone in that calculation.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And the fight alone was 50 basis points just in the quarter. The mix shift and because of the citywide show, what we don't know yet is how the city in general will be able to refill the citywides in the third quarter. The mix shift in the third quarter is also a factor to lowering our second half of the year forecast. But as I've said earlier here we are still in April. We could easily and have in the past refilled those rooms profitably. We just don't know exactly where that's going to be at this time.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: And maybe Joe, just to follow-up on that point, really to Jim's point on the convention side, what we've seen for the past 30 to 45 days is an environment that has looked as it has over the past several quarters, but more recently we've seen rate get cut in these lower periods. So we're seeing people be a little bit more aggressive on rate in the market during these lower convention based periods. And we are taking that into consideration in these forecasts and that's real-time over the last three, four weeks of activity that we're seeing. And we've tried to maintain rate and hold it, but that's affected our forward pace. And so we have had to react a little bit to that, and we're taking that into consideration throughout the remainder of this year as well. Now, if that subsides and changes, then we'll let you know and we'll be kind of coming back to you with that color. But this current guidance reflects this current last 30 to 45 day environment that we're seeing right now in the marketplace, in those periods where the convention base is not as strong as it was last year.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then the second topic is on capital return. You've bought back stock a couple of times since the authorization, but I would characterize it as more kind of special situations with Tracinda versus open market. Can you talk about your view on open market repurchases and maybe how that compares to anything in terms of acquisition of existing development and how you think that would be viewed by equity investors?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Well, we think it's far more likely that share repurchase will be done in the open market rather than in individual transactions going forward, just based on what we're thinking right now, so that's number one. Number two, equity investors, we seem to get about a split between people that like us to buy back stock and people that want us to more rapidly increase the dividend. So we're going to do both.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And what is your view, Jim, on buying the existing development that's out there, maybe in markets that you're currently building it?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: I think that it's a balance, but if we find something that's opportunistic, that we think is enduring that could either be done particularly with MGP, because we believe in the future of MGP as well, if it's something that has a very high return for the MGM Resorts OpCo and the MGM Resorts shareholders, we would take a hard look at it. And we have been looking at situations with MGP. But that is, I would call it, opportunistic and episodic, whereas returning capital to the shareholders in the form of buying back stock and dividends is normal course of business now for us.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Harry Curtis with Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Good morning. I wanted to delve a little bit more into the issues at Mandalay Bay. Can you give us a little bit more detail? Have you been seeing more cancellations? What are your group managers telling you about their struggles in marketing Mandalay Bay and what changes that?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Hi, Harry, it's Corey. With regards to Mandalay Bay, we had the one cancellation in February, another one moved actually to one of our sister properties, and then we've had a few small cancellations. What we're seeing in particular as we get near the later in the year where this property would book within the year for the year, it's a little bit challenged especially near that anniversary date. So I think what we're seeing is that meeting planner still wants to go to the property probably is going to take off a little bit on 2018, especially in the back half of the year. What we're seeing in 2019 though is that meeting base is pretty good. Also at Mandalay Bay, when that meeting base is not there, the transient leisure customer is – some are electing to stay away. And for us to run that property, we need to run that at north of 90% to make some money. And so we are filling some of that with our lower package business, which is putting a drain on the RevPAR also.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And, Harry, what I would point out to add on to Corey's comment is when we look at the entirety of our Vegas portfolio here in terms of in the year, for the year, when you exclude Mandalay Bay, we're either at or better than where we were last year in terms of in the year, for the year. So this is an isolated Mandalay Bay...
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: ...issue we're dealing with when we look at the entirety of the portfolio.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: And then shifting gears over to Cotai. Grant, can you give us some sense of the timing of junkets and the Mansion? And then overall what do you think is working well so far and what do you think needs to work better?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM Grand Paradise Ltd.: Thanks, Harry. On the timing, we will have the junkets ready by the next Golden Week. We're obviously aiming for August-September, but that's our target. Mansions will come on after that, but the critical point is to get the junkets up and running as you know. In terms of the business itself, what I think worked well was the property and that's always a challenge when you open. And I guess, where we're focused now is building momentum. And so we were very clear that we didn't want to move business from Macau, as Jim indicated, and that hasn't happened. But there's some really fascinating and positive things that's happened from our existing customer base, without seeing any diminution in value of customer spend in Macau, we've seen increased spend from most customers in Cotai. And at the same time, we're actually seeing significant reactivation of customers that we hadn't seen for some time, which appears that they went to Cotai, and as soon as we put a property into Cotai, they came and play with us and that's been some very positive things. The other thing that's positive is that we went from basically zero occupancy to 90% occupancy straight out of the gate, and I don't think any other properties have seen such demand, and some of that was we created trial because to get momentum, you've got to get trial. So that's another facet that's been very positive. And as again (36:28), Jim indicated, the acceptance of the food and beverage, it is acknowledged that we've put in a food and beverage program that is very different, that's new, and has actually created a lot of opportunity. So what's next? Well, the key is this traffic flow. And so now we're just getting back down into these simple things of blocking and tackling and making sure we get visibility out there, prepare ourselves for the next holiday period which is coming up next week, bookings are looking strong, and the tail looks very strong, both in Macau and in Cotai. So I guess simplistically, Harry, the critical point for us is the property is well received, the brand recognition is well received. So our (37:17) job is now getting into the trenches where that simple, hard effort, tactical execution to drive traffic because we've been positive and being able to avoid any cannibalization to making sure the business moves forward. So, drive traffic, drive traffic, build up more of that database. We've got twice as many signups in Cotai as we have in Macau, and we have one of the higher signup rates. And the quality of the customer on the mezz floor now is continuing to tick up steadily and positively. Like to see it grow faster. That momentum will come.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Very good. Thanks, Grant.
Grant R. Bowie - MGM Grand Paradise Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Just to go back and I'm going to try and tackle the question slightly differently, but the key question we've gotten from investors this morning remains on sort of the margin inflection here, right. So if we look at it this way and thought about RevPAR was down close to 4% in Q1. It's still going to be positive in Q2, but you're sort of arriving at the same type of margin degradation in both quarters. Is it really all explained by – there's obviously going be very big flow-through on hold, and then just significant mix shift between Monte Carlo and Mandalay. It would seem like the Mandalay drag would already be there in Q1. So that's why I'm kind of pushing on this point a little bit?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: That's a fair question. I would say the two factors would be no fight, which has a big impact on drop, on win percentage, on our luxury properties. I think that would be the biggest one for the margin, and in April, so far, are lower than expected hold.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks. And then I guess to hit on the strategy point then. I think you were pretty clear on the big merger side, Jim, but like another question and one that's been bounced around in kind of press out there a lot is speculation around kind of medium-term opportunity in Massachusetts just given what's going on in that market. So could you specifically address that one or comment on that? And within the context of to the extent if you were going to take on a new or you know bigger property there, it could have a very material impact on the kind of free cash flow profile of the company if it was an uncompleted project.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Right. Well, of course, the answer I have to give is we don't comment on rumors, but I would again reinforce a couple things to be as helpful as I can. Number one, we're opening up in Springfield in a couple months. I think people will be incredibly positively surprised on not only the execution of that resort and its returns. And we've committed to that city. We've been there for many years. We believe in it, and we think we're going to make a lot of money there. And we think that the people of Springfield are going to be very happy. The other general point I would make is we have been very clear in terms of our free cash flow strategy, very clear. We embarked upon a couple very strong projects: Cotai, MGM National Harbor, and Springfield. Collectively that was a tremendous amount of capital expenditures that we have deployed, and we're pleased that we did that. We think that grows the company going forward. But during that period of time, we have always mapped out the inflection point of free cash flow and why that is important to the owners of the company, many of which are on the phone, including many of which are in this room, including me. We are going to run this company for free cash flow, cash flow margin, and it would have to be an extraordinary opportunity to take a step back and start burdening this company with more construction in progress. I just don't see it. I don't think it's likely. It would have to be an extremely unique situation. And as I said earlier, opportunistic and episodic but not daily course of business, like we believe the free cash flow story should play out as.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for both.
Operator: Our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So, Jim, I want to go back to something you said earlier on the call, and just you were talking about the challenges of forecasting your business. Just given the lack of visibility, it's easier to forecast in the quarter, but then it gets harder as you look forward. And I'm just wondering if internally you guys have explored going back to your old methodology of not giving out your guidance. I know you've been working really hard to improve transparency and we all appreciate that, but honestly given the track record over the past few quarters, I'm just wondering if you've thought about that?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: We have. We're trying to do our best. And again, that's why I said in the onset, this is on me. I've been around a long time. This is now my 81st conference call with this company over 20 years of being here. And what we have been trying to do is we're trying to provide information, Felicia, but we also understand that we're a proxy for Las Vegas. It would be easy to brag about Bellagio and the fact that it has higher margins than its competitors. It'd be easy just to talk about one property like our competitors do. It would be easy to combine results together like another large competitor does, so you don't have any idea what's going on in each individual property, nor what's going on in the market. But that's not our nature. Our nature is to try to provide as much information as possible. I think where we have fallen down is not being very clear on the level of information we have in the current quarter versus two, three, four quarters away. And that's again on me. We'll talk about it. We started this journey a while ago because we were getting overwhelming questions from the sell and buy side about Las Vegas. And we feel as the dominant player here, we need to provide as much information as we can. But clearly it has hurt us; it hurt us today as an example. And it hurts our credibility, which impacts our margins, which impacts the morale at this company, and the 78,000 men and women that are working their ass off to produce the kind of results that we've been producing over the last several years. So it's a time of reflection for sure. I'm highly confident in the guidance we have given today in the current quarter and as I have been in many quarters over many years. I am more confident about the year now that we're over four months into it than we were when we gave the annual guidance last quarter. I regret giving the guidance for the year last quarter, that was a mistake that I made, and as a CEO. But we will continue to provide information, and I think what we're also going to do and we'll get to this is we're going to provide a lot of color around what we're seeing over the next couple of years on our Investor Day, which we hope you guys are all going to be out for.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So well, I'll look forward to that, and thank you for that color. Just moving on to Vegas, you also mentioned or maybe Dan did that, in periods where there weren't any convention based business, you're seeing lower demand and pricing accordingly come down. So in line with that comment, I was just wondering if you could talk as a whole about what you're seeing in terms of domestic demand in the market. We heard from Las Vegas Sands and Wynn, that they benefited from international visitation, and I'm assuming that some of that drove the record in Bellagio this quarter, but as you look at the rest of the portfolio, are you seeing a change in demand at all? And then just this might be nitpicky, but I was just wondering if you could tell us what happened at Mirage in the quarter, it really underperformed our estimate. Thanks.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure. A couple of macros, Corey is going to pull them out. But the air traffic, domestic traffic is up. We obviously have good relationship, great relationship, probably the best with Southwest, we talk to them daily, that looks good on the domestic side for this year. LVCVA reporting outside of the citywides, their visitation numbers domestically are up. In terms of the Mirage, there's three customers that beat the pants off of us. And then I'll turn it back to Corey on other macros domestically.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Sure. On domestic seats, they are up, Felicia and so are international. And we're also seeing that in the next four months into the town we expect it to be up about 3.5%. The hole in the first quarter was really convention room nights, and what we're doing is we're replacing those convention room nights with that lower base of business, which I'm sure most of the town is. So we're all fighting for the same type of business, but there's actually – my feeling is, there's more of that business. It just isn't at the rate that the convention business is at.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. So to summarize really no change, just kind of a mix issue?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yes.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: And no change in 2019 as well.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning. So look, I mean your longer term margin guidance for the Strip has been up 50 basis points to 100 basis points. One, are you sticking with that? And when we think about 2019, if you're guiding to down 50 basis points to 100 basis points this year, do you expect to recover that full amount in 2019? Thanks.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: So do you want me to do it or do you want to do it?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Go ahead.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. That is still our long-term guidance, absolutely.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: And Thomas as far as making up ground, I think the important factor here is to look at the past performance. We've actually outperformed and been ahead of our previous guidance. I think when you look at the cumulative effect of what we've been able to accomplish and how we've been able to drive margins even with a down year, we're still ahead by the end of 2018 where we thought we would be, when we look at the last three years of margin improvement and we're going to continue to stay focused on driving margins and improving the profitability of the business for sure.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And, I guess just looking at it, you all have this but just to remind ourselves, our margins were 26.3% in 2015, 29.6% in 2016, 31% in 2017, and obviously we talked about what the challenges are here in 2018. But we're not standing still; our FTEs are down 3% year-on-year right now. We see a lot more opportunity in procurement. We have a lot more going on in the digital space which is going to we believe have very high margin returns, very little capital intensity. We're going to get into that a lot on the Investor Day. But this is a company that we believe has mid-30s margin capacity and we intend to get there.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Helpful. Thank you. And then can I just understand, you talked about how there are budget of non-gaming investments you want to make and I expect that we'll get more elaboration on that at the Investor Day, but then you've also been talking about how there's been more disruption at Monte Carlo than expected. So, how are you going to balance that going forward? I mean what have you learned from Monte Carlo for future Strip investments? Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure. One example of a non-gaming investment is we owned Mandalay Place between Mandalay Bay and Luxor. If we did anything there, that's where the monorail by the way is going to land. That's where people are going to go on the monorail when they're going to a Raiders game, that's where they're going to pre-game when they walk across the bridge into a $2 billion stadium and that's where they're going to come back after the Raiders win. And whatever we do there is completely isolated to that area, would have no disruption to Mandalay Bay or Luxor, that's an example. What we have learned is that it is painful, but I don't regret doing it because – I'm back to Monte Carlo, that is the center of the Strip. We think we're going to get very high returns next year on that capital. We couldn't be in a better position with The Park, The Plaza, T-Mobile, New York-New York, and I don't envision a complete redo of a property. Remember how unique Monte Carlo was, it had the worst brand identity in our portfolio. We knew that a simple remodel there would not be the right long-term strategy. All of our other properties have very high brand awareness and identity, even all the other core properties. So, I look at refreshes, I look at incremental CapEx, but I don't look at a rebranding, a complete redo of a property like we did at Monte Carlo.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All helpful. Thank you.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Thomas.
Operator: The next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. As you think about your outlook for the rest of this year, you guys had talked a little bit about or a lot about kind of the disruption at Monte Carlo as well as some lingering softness at Mandalay Bay being both a function of the lower RevPAR guidance as well as some of the margin revisions. When you think about your portfolio as a whole do you see yourselves just kind of losing those customers as they come through mgm.com or whatever it may be or are the other properties not kind of seeing any pickup from maybe some of the demand disruption at those assets?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Hey, Carlo. This is Dan. We do see a pickup at some of the other assets, obviously with the disruption at Monte, I think New York-New York has benefited, some of our other core properties and mid-tier properties have benefited. And as Corey pointed out earlier, with one of the conventions moving from Mandalay to one of our sister properties, they obviously benefited. So we are keeping some of that business within the portfolio, but it is kind of dragging on some of the RevPAR and margin metrics from those two properties.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I'm sorry, I was just going to say at Monte Carlo, Monte Carlo was a complete value customer. They would shop, they had little to no loyalty to Monte Carlo. So some of them did, I agree with Dan, go over to New York-New York, but a lot of them walked across the street, or they are going to some of the other very underwhelming inventory that is in Las Vegas right now. So I would say we've lost a lot of those traditional Monte Carlo customers not to our own company, but to some of our competitors. As it relates to Mandalay Bay, we did get that shipped on a convention or two, but again I think also at Mandalay, we lost some of that to competitors as well.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That makes sense. And that's helpful. And if I could just one follow-up. Obviously some of your competitors have talked about new strength in the high end on the gaming floor and obviously we're seeing that in your results at Bellagio and in your higher end assets, barring the hold issues that you talked about in April, could you talk a little bit about kind of where you're seeing that customer, is it largely on the baccarat side, Far East play, et cetera?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. Far East was actually up almost 26% for the first quarter so it's very strong and it continues to be strong as we see players come in constantly. Even National which had a tough first quarter challenge was actually up in drop and handle, so the whole high end segment feels pretty good.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I know that we don't focus on it because it's a non-consolidated affiliate but you're really – looking at ARIA's volumes, I mean again another data point that the luxury properties – the hold wasn't there, but the volumes are incredible in the luxury properties, all of them, ours and our competitors certainly so far this year.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Carlo.
Catherine Park - MGM Resorts International: Maybe the last question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Beynon with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Chad Beynon - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: ...for taking my question. Just one more on Vegas, I think we've exhausted a lot of questions, but with the fight moving out of the second quarter and obviously the Knights making a run in the playoffs, you had a couple of home games in the first series against kind of a local competitor, and the next round starting. I guess, first question, are you seeing any incremental business on those Knights, and could that kind of help the second quarter if the Knights continued to make a run in the playoffs or is it just not meaningful enough particularly compared against like a big fight weekend? Thank you.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I think what we are seeing is that mid-tier player, we are seeing pickup there, and it won't be enough to make up some of the whales that come in for a fight, but it is pretty solid. If they advanced further into the playoffs and into the Stanley Cup area, I think it has potential to get some high-end customers, especially people that are traditional hockey fans. What we're hearing a lot of is the Knights are the second favorite team of almost everyone in hockey. So, most of these Canadian cities have adopted that team and we think that there's probably potentially good pick up there if they continue to advance.
Chad Beynon - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And then one point of clarification on the RevPAR guidance, does that include the higher resort fees, I believe there were some increases after January 1, does that 1% to 3% include the higher resort fees and then maybe also some extra early check-in fees that have been added to the system as well?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: It does include, yeah, resort fees.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, it always does. Yeah.
Chad Beynon - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, thank you. Clearly, we had a lot to talk about today. I believe in what we're doing here in Las Vegas. If you added up the billions of dollars that are being invested in stadiums and the convention center and otherwise, it bodes well for the market. We just talked about sports. It does have an impact, and I think on that point, I think there should be great emphasis on what might happen at the Supreme Court. Our legal experts seem very confident that PASPA will be overturned. And having spent decades building trust with regulators, with sports books here in Nevada. With really our singular dominance in sports so far, we believe and we intend to be the biggest beneficiary of commercial sports betting, should the Supreme Court overturn PASPA as early as June. We also believe and we'll talk to that in great detail at our Investor Day. And as it relates to the broad concept of sports, not just in this sense but in terms of e-sports relationships that we have globally with leagues and teams. We also believe in Japan. We think that that has not been fully understood. This is a seminal event that has occurred this week alone, and we intend to fight for a right to be in that country. And thirdly, we believe in Las Vegas. We know that it's been choppy this year as it relates to what we've talked about and certainly in terms of our guidance being lowered today. But we do believe in 2018, 2019, 2020 and in macro backdrop and our friends in the industry and our competitors support that view. And finally, we believe in the strategy of returning cash to our shareholders, buying back stock, increasing our dividend, returning capital, where we do not find the kinds of returns that we feel acceptable and where we do find opportunities to prune the portfolio. I think it should be noted and reflected upon that we are doing that now and can do that more in the future. And so with that, I hope to see you all in a couple of weeks' time at our Investor Day and we'll have a lot more to talk about. And as always, if you have any questions, please reach out to any of us. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Murren - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Dan D'Arrigo - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Bill Hornbuckle - President  Corey Sanders - Chief Operating Officer Grant Bowie - CEO, Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited
Analysts: Joe Greff - JPMorgan Harry Curtis - Nomura Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank John DeCree - Union Gaming Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley Chad Beynon - Macquarie Robin Farley - UBS
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International, Fourth Quarter 2017 and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Bill Hornbuckle, President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; and Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company's remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. In fairness to all participants, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Please note this conference is being recorded.  Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo. Please go ahead.
Dan D'Arrigo: Well, thank you Nicole and good morning everyone and welcome to the MGM Resorts International, fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Federal Securities Laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. During the call we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in the press release, which is also available on our website. Please also note that our supplemental earnings deck is posted to our website. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Mr. Jim Murren. 
Jim Murren : Well, thank you Dan and good morning everyone. I’d like to take a moment to put out strong fourth quarter and full year into a longer term perspective.  You know last several years MGM has undertaken a really remarkable transformation, aligning all of our brands into one global entertainment brand, driving a disciplined, unified view of strategy, creating and continuing to build one common approach to get service and firmly establishing a clear and unwavering set of values that guide both our behaviors and our contributions to the communities in which we operate.  These decisions, thoughtfully planned and carefully executed have resulted in a robust and resilient business model and that provides for defensive earnings streams but also creates really strong tailwinds for the further and I would say 2017 proved that out. Despite the clear challenges we had in the fourth quarter, our earnings were relatively well protected and we finished the year strong and we are excited about 2018 as well.  We had given guidance in the fourth quarter of EBITDA margins down 100 basis points. They are actually down only 30. We’ve given REVPAR guidance of I think down 5% to 7% and the actually outcome was down 4.9%.  We think that 2018 is going to be a very strong year for our company based on what we see, here in Las Vegas and in Macau and in our regional properties and we’ll start with Macau. Of course we all just got back from there, having just opened a beautiful new resort MGM COTAI February 13 and literally it was just before an important New Year’s, the Lunar New Year. We think that this property is a game changer in the market, and really in fact for integrated resorts around the world. It’s so breathtakingly unique that everyone is going to want to go into the spectacle. In fact thousands upon thousands already have and to experience a one of a kind environment. You remember that we set out here to design and develop an innovative, integrated resort that would fulfill the requirements of the government to support global tourism and we’ve delivered on that.  What’s exciting is that the opening event is just the beginning, because we have many catalysts to drive further traffic and profitability to COTAI in this year, including launching our first resident show ‘Destiny’ which will drive even more mass customers and a lot of buzz around the property, but also of course when we open up our Mansion along with five junket operators to support the VIP business.  We opened only recently, so the data is early, but I can say that demands for both properties has been strong, both in terms of rooms and in terms of gaming activity. We had not all our rooms available at COTAI for the opening. I think that we had about, what Bill, 900 – about 900 and they will continue to add on rooms and Grant will get into that in his comments. But we’ll have all the rooms open in the spring.  And on the finance, we continue see really gratifying loyalty of our customer base there. We obviously finished the year strong driven by both, good Mass business and VIP in the fourth quarter and we’ve seen traffic over there and frankly we haven’t seen in quite some time and that’s continued into the New Year.  And so between the two properties we are excited about the opportunities that they offer us and we think we are very well positioned for the market in terms of the type of product the customer is looking for, and we are confident that we are able to build our market share and command more than our fair share of the market as we have in the past, commensurate with the fact that we have a high quality product in the best management and employees in the business.  And here in Las Vegas, this is the second time we talked to you since we experienced the great shock to our community in October and yet our fourth quarter materialized as we expected, as we discussed on our last call - in fact it was a touch better.  And I think that speaks to the power of our brands and the resiliency of our strong and nimble operating model. We have strong analytical horse power here allowing us to understand our business in a real time basis and make more accurate forecasting. The commitment of our people here is really the big story in our relationships and of course the continued recognition that Las Vegas offers an unparalleled suite of experiences for the town that helps keep this market fresh, relevant, exciting, all that we could see in the fourth quarter and certainly into this year.  Now there is a lot of interest in Las Vegas today, and others are investing in the marketing which we welcome. We know this drives incremental visitors and well better position the city for the further and I have to say was the genius of our Founder, Kirk Kerkorian. You know he thought us to invest in our community, to encourage others to do so and together the destination would grow and MGM would benefit. That’s what he always said to us and that’s still true today and we are very, very excited about the future because of the collective investments that we and others are marking.  We continue to see and pursue attractive ROI opportunities in this market, reinvesting in our properties to maximizes their full potential and when we do so, we create meaningful new offerings to the city and that drives incremental demand; and of course we’ve achieved this recently with our expansion to the Mandalay Convention Center, our award winning T-Mobile Arena, more recently the convention expansion at ARIA which literally just opened last week and in already getting great feedback in full, and this year we will continue to invest further.  Obviously more in convention space, the expansion to the MGM Grand which will open up early next year and of course Monte Carlo’s dramatic transformation to Park MGM and NoMad, certainly it’s been disruptive to us, but when we open venues like Bavette’s which is the best Steak House in Las Vegas in now, we are seeing immediate customer demand. And as we’ve discussed, as a destination Las Vegas has transformed itself literally into a sport’s lover’s town, and that obviously also drives more opportunities for the destination and for MGM.  And if you add to that the fact that the Supreme Court will likely legalize sports betting this year, MGM is really poised to immediately take advantage of that opportunity. Sports as it relates to our performing events here and as it relates to our industry, we believe it is a significant avenue of growth for MGM Resorts in the further.  So let’s talk about 2018 for a moment and why we are optimistic. As we said before, first let’s talk about the first quarter. It’s a challenge because of the lapping of CON/AGG and the fact that CES shifted a week. That said, if you look at CES it was another really successful show. In fact we reached at MGM Record Hotel Revenue days during that time.  We also had good Super Bowl very strong and so far a really strong Chinese New Year and we remain very optimistic about the high end throughout the entire year.  So despite the concerns about some of that calendar shift and some corrections more broadly, we feel good about the U.S. Economy and very positive about our forecasting ability for the balance of this year and certainly some of the benefits that accrue to a company like MGM, like the corporate tax cut change, that will also help not only MGM, but the customers that visit us.  The fundamentals of our business are very sound. We continue to see very healthy levels of bookings. We’ll get into that more specifically, but our corporate meetings and convention business is really terrific. The event calendar is outstanding for 2018 and we have some interesting ideas of how to continue to innovate our entertainment offerings, not only driving into ’18 but into ’19 and so I think that will bode well for the market place of which we are the greatest beneficiary.  We also see good opportunities to grow the destination in Macau working with our fellow concessioners and the fact that MGM COTAI has much more to offer as it continues to add its new offerings.  We remain committed to the investments that we talked about and being very disciplined in our use of capital and we are focused on the projects that we have in the pipeline that we’ve ready outlined to you; obviously the transformation of Monte Carlo, the continued expansion of our brand here with the convention expansion at MGM Grand. The continued added addition to our portfolio with MGM Springfield opening up later this year and of course what we have going on in COTAI. And if you add to that what James Stewart and the team is doing over at MGM Growth Properties, which is certainly the premier triple net release three in the space, with a great cost to capital and quite a bit in their pipeline of which MGM is the largest economic beneficiary.  We feel good about the prospects for the MGM Resort’s shareholders and so what are we going to do with our future? Given our cash flow growth, and the fact that we are nearly completed with our development cycle, we intend to continue to execute on a very disciplined for pronged capital allocation strategy. First, we will continue to reinvest in our business where we know it makes sense to maximize performance and increase our competitive advantages, that’s working very well here in Las Vegas.  We will make sure that we maintain a very strong credit profile and an outstanding balance sheet. We will look for prudent growth opportunities where we believe MGM has a differentiating opportunity and where the returns can be outsized and we will continue to return capital to our shareholders. And on that note, since we started this journey we’ve returned about $580 million to our shareholders and as I’m sure you saw today, we also announced 9% increase in our quarterly dividend.  I’m proud of what we accompanied in 2017. I think that 2018 will be a great year for our company and with that, I’ll turn it over to our operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Joe Greff of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Joe Greff : Good morning, Jim. Good morning everybody. 
Jim Murren: Good morning, 
Dan D’Arrigo: Good morning Jim
Joe Greff : Jim, your full year 2018 Las Vegas strip outlook suggest that the 2Q through 4Q will grow about 8% on average in terms of EBITDA. Can you just talk about how you see – obviously the 3Q has a very difficult comparison to what you delivered last year. But can you talk about maybe how backend loaded it is to the 4Q and just maybe you can give us some specificity on the group phase. You mentioned earlier that corporate meetings were terrific and then in that count you said that’s steady. If you can give some specific data points behind that, that would be great and then I have a follow up?
Jim Murren: Sure Joe. I’ll start and then I’ll turn it over to Dan and Corey. First on REVPAR, I think the guidance we gave is up 2% to 4%, and obviously with the hold that we have in the first quarter that would imply pretty decent REVPAR growth in the balance of the year which we expect. Q2 and Q3 look about the same in terms of REVPAR up in the mid-single digits and we should be up double digit in REVPAR in the fourth quarter, to give you a sense of how that plays out. Obviously the fourth quarter against the unusual comparison a year ago, Q2 and Q3, you know really healthy REVPAR growth.  We did have a couple of major fights in the third quarter that certainly drive lot of demand in the third quarter ’17, that’s going to be the challenge to do as well as that. On the other hand we have a couple of big fights ad a huge concert in the second quarter of this year, bracketed around I think an Investor Day Cathy’s having to trying to entice investors to come on out because we have a big Canelo GGG fight right, happening in that quarter. We also have a U2 concert happening in that quarter and both of which bodes well. And there is another fight in the second quarter as well, so second quarter looks pretty strong from an event perspective.  Third quarter we are still working on how to compete against great event calendar in the third quarter ’17. But that’s how the event shapes out. In terms of convention business, it looks strong all year. I’ll talk to these guys to hit it, but we have seen good in the year for the year. Their pace is strong. Our convention mix looks like it will be about what it was last year. For this year really solid bookings and we get the benefit of REV’s convention expansion, which is really unique and already well received. And so I think that looks pretty strong. Dan, do you want to add anything to that or…?
Dan D'Arrigo: What I would add Joe is obviously the hole in the first quarter by CON/AGG, it was the biggest hall. There is some city wide shrinkage a little bit in the third quarter that we hope to get some corporate business, but other than that it looks pretty good on the convention side.
Joe Greff : Great, excellent. Then Dan with sort of how you’re thinking about the next few years in terms of domestic CapEx, you know we always kind of you know sort of penned you in the $500 million to $600 million range. I know in ’18 it’s a little bit north of that. How do you think about domestic CapEx beyond this year and kind of a steady run rate basis?
Dan D'Arrigo: Yeah, I think the $500 million to $600 million Joe is a good place holder as you look out multiple years. We are a little bit higher in ’18. Part of that is timing and some of the bigger, chunkier kind of CapEx pieces that are come to the finish line in ’18, so we are a little bit higher there in ’18, but we’re a little on the low end of the range in ’17.  So I think the $500 million to $600 million on a long terms basis is still the right level. ’18 will just be a little bit higher due to some timing and some of the completion of as Jim mentioned, The Park, MGM, the Convention Center at MGM and so there is a few chunky things that just happen to fall into ’18.
Joe Greff : Thank you very much.
Jim Murren: Thanks Shaun.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harry Curtis of Nomura. Please go ahead.
Harry Curtis: Hey, good morning everybody. Just a quick follow-up on Joe’s question. As far as the convention business in Vegas, Corey are you seeing much in the way of overflow into the lower priced shoulder months and I don’t think I got a sense of what the general pricing is on the business that you’ve got on the books. Is it up mid-single digit or a reasonable guestimate?
Corey Sanders: On the lower months, so this usually happens within the year or during the year and so we have some leads for that period right now that we are pretty optimistic about. On the pricing, we have on the books from a definite perspective. We are seeing low to mid single digit growth.
Harry Curtis: Got it. And then Jim you mentioned that Grant is on the phone. I wonder if he might give us some early impressions on traffic and volumes since the opening and maybe the reasonable question is how many cylinders do you think its operating on now versus what it can get to?
Jim Murren: Sure. I’d like to know too Grant, so…
Grant Bowie: Thank you. Harry, well the right thing about having a Chinese New Year is there’s never a shortage of people. The great challenge of having at Chinese Yew Year, if you’re not ready it could be quite scary and what I would say on both counts is we have really pushed the capacities to the property significantly over the last four or five days. So it came up well. Its sitting – and most importantly, the take up right has been very strong. Now we’ve had traffic through here. Just some foot traffic exceeding Macau and as Jim said, the Macau numbers are very strong. It is the ramp up period and we are working it through, but if there’s one number that really sticks out to me is that from get-go we’ve been able to get the mass win per unit per day on the gaming tables. Pretty close to the same numbers that we’ve got in Macau and we wanted a market leader. So the critical point is, I think I told you that we’re positioned well to the market that we’re targeting. So that mid-premium mass market. So I am very pleased with the feel and the pace and the rhythm that we’re getting into the property. As you would expect, we had some challenges, but apart from that it’s been touch wood, very smooth, and now we just need to dig in and really start executing on our other plan. Sign-ups through our relationship program are running at about nine times the rights that we’re getting in Macau and that is positive, extremely positive to us despite from what was heard throughout the market here and interestingly enough, even before we got going we already had built up nearly half a million participants in our vChat accounts. So we half a million people already following us before we even opened doors.  So all in all I think it’s very positive. Yes, it’s a challenging time to make any judgments, but there’s some really, really good first indicators and the appeal is amazing. The only challenge though I have is how do I monetize people taking photographs as Jim said. It is phenomenal and therefore we’re going to get huge amounts of reach adding to the market, because all of those photos are going on social media.  If there is anything specific Harry other than what I’ve said, happy to try and fill in the gap.
Harry Curtis: I guess the one gap I’d be interested in is your expected opening of The Mansion rooms and where does that position you versus some of the higher end offering in Macau?
Jim Murren: Well, The Mansion will be totally unique. I don’t think that specific product actually exists yet. There is some beautiful other suites in other properties, but I think the whole private, personal night here of what The Mansion created in Las Vegas being injected into Macau, I think is extremely unique and that’s all part of this dream and we’ll bring that on later in the year.  Critically for us first is we want to get moving on the junket, so they might come on a little earlier than the – and then once the junkets are in, then The Mansion will bring out the rest of the – will be the last piece of the puzzle for us to lock in. So I think its unique. I think it’s an amazing environment and I think it just picks up from what’s already been achieved and the market knows what to expect because there are so many customers out here who have various semantics of Vegas.
Harry Curtis: Grant, thank you. That does it for me.
Jim Murren: Thanks Harry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good morning. Grant, maybe to stick with just kind of where on COTAI for a quick minute – could you just give us a little bit more if it’s possible on sort of the specific timing? Do you think The Mansion rooms are opened by the end of the second quarter still or does that shift at all and when do you think you could have some of those junkets in the building up and running as well?
Grant Bowie: Well junkets, we’re looking to try and get in sort of June, July and it looks like with The Mansion just getting all the details finished we’ll be opened in September.
Shaun Kelley: Okay, that’s great. And then maybe to switch back to Vegas, you guys gave very good color on the corporate convention side, but you know the Monte Carlo ramp is clearly having some impacts on both, kind of what you guys delivered in ’17 and how ’18 plays out too. Could you just give a little bit more color on sort of overall we netted out how do you think that you know the kind of Monte Carlo Park transition ends up impacting total dollars of EBITDA throughout ’18 and then what kind of lift or IRR should we be trying to think about for that investment as we blend into ’19 and ’20?
Dan D’Arrigo: Shaun, this is Dan. On the IRR front we are looking at the investment, it’s just a little bit over $500 million for the conversion and transformation to Park MGM and NoMad on the capital side. It’s about $525 million in total. The return on that we expect to be mid-teens, cash-on-cash return as we ramp that property up. It will be completed as we said in the release by the end of this year, so the last components come on in the fourth quarter, that being the NoMad and the completion by the end of the year. The front entry and the eatery and some more food and beverage entertainment product will be online by the end of the year.  We would expect the brand campaign to be launched and running in the back half of this year, 2018 and so you know I almost look at this again to a new property opening, because the property will be so different and unique and a new brand will be cushioning that brand campaign throughout ’18 and into ’19 and I expect ’19 to be a ramp up period with kind of ’20 being achieving kind of that full kind of cash-on-cash return that we’re looking for.
Jim Murren: Yeah, the other part of it, I think you’re looking for what – how it hit us in the quarter and going forward on the EBITDA especially.
Dan D’Arrigo: Yeah, I think when you look at the quarter, fourth quarter in terms of its impact, about two-thirds of the decline was a result of the construction disruption. Obviously we’ve been bringing things back online, but there is still a lot going on, a lot of disruption there. So that was about two-thirds in the fourth quarter.  There is still going to be a level of disruption in Q1. We’re estimating that to be about $9 million, $10 million in terms of the EBITDA impact from a construction stand point. So there is still again some disruption throughout ’18 and there’s a lot still going on, a lot coming online. We’ll give you move color as we get through the year, but about $9 million, $10 million in the first quarter is related to that disruption.
Shaun Kelley: Just to be clear, on the mid teens type number when we get to stabilization, is that inclusive of or after getting back some of just the pure disruption that you lost in. So it will be that on top of whatever the run rate was before the project began directionally.
Jim Murren: That’s correct. I think you know if you look at prior to kind of putting shovels on the ground and I think the property was doing, you know call it circuit kind of $70 million, $80 million of cash flow, so that’s off of that pace. So your thinking about it correctly Shaun.
Shaun Kelley: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, good morning, thank you. So Jim in your prepared comments, when you were making comments to that, the use of capital, it seemed to me that maybe you were asking us to read between the lines regarding what is the uses of capital, which would be M&A. So just wondering, are you actively looking for opportunities and if something would come up on the strip, would you be interested in that?
Jim Murren: I’m looking at – first off, I don’t prepare anything, so these are unprepared remarks.
Felicia Hendrix: In you’re off the cuff remarks?
Jim Murren: I am looking at my off-the-cuff remarks and I don’t see anything between those lines about M&A. But no, honestly we are not focused on M&A at MGM Resorts. We’re focused on M&A at MGM Growth Properties and James will speak to that on his call, but I think that what I would say about the strategy, we like where we are. We see rapidly growing free cash generation in this company over the next several years. We have articulated what we want to do with that cash to our board and to our investment community and we’re going to stay the course. Clearly we’re part of a dynamic industry and so we will always keep our feelers out there and figure out what’s going on in our industry, but we certainly like our positioning as a market leader in every market that we operate with exception to Macau and now that we have COTAI, we’re going to pick up a bunch of share there we believe and I wouldn’t read anything into a deviation of our articulated strategy.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, thank you for that. And then just switching gears, can we just talk about the environment on the south end of the strip. Can you talk about their promotional environment there and have you – how has it been changing, maybe kind of daily or weekly and I am trying to get to that, but also just understand its demand for Mandalay Bay. You know where is that? What are you doing to drive traffic? You know how long can it take to improve, you know that sort of thing?
Jim Murren: Yeah, there is no doubt we were more promotional in the fourth quarter than we would have been otherwise and we were more promotional in the fourth quarter than we are right now. We’ve already started releasing quite a bit of that pressure, but do you want to speak to that?
Dan D’Arrigo: Yeah, I think when you look at it obviously, given the incident of October 1, we really had to kind of go off script of what we were doing throughout the first nine months of the year. The team did as Jim mentioned earlier, a great job in executing and I would say there is a huge amount of recovery already within Mandalay that has taken place.  But there is still some residual impact at Mandalay as you recall roughly about 80% of the cancelation volume that we saw in the fourth quarter was directly impacting the fourth quarter, but there was some impacting the early part of this year. So I think as time continues to progress here, that Mandalay continues to recovery and continue to get back to its normal self. But there is still a little bit of an impact in the early part of this year. 
Jim Murren: Yeah, and I would just say that the promotional activity as now here we are in February is same towards last year. 
Dan D’Arrigo: Yeah, I think it’s pretty similar Felicia. The only hole you have is the CONEXPO hole that companies are probably maybe trying to fill, but the way we are yielding variances back to where we were before. Mandalay Bay’s impacted us a little bit more, because we also were a little slower on turning back the marketing on that property for a few more weeks. So it will have some impact in the first quarter, minor in the rest of the quarters, but everything else feels like it’s pretty much back to normal. 
Felicia Hendrix : Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Grambling of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Stephen Grambling: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. You know maybe looking longer term, I think at the 2016 Analyst Day you had consolidated adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow projections through 2019. Can you just talk to the biggest puts and takes versus that range and then I guess on a related note, I know you have a goal of hitting prior peak margins on the Strip. Maybe u could remind us where that peak and what might be different or similar about the operations now versus that can make that target either achievable or not? Thanks.
Dan D'Arrigo: Sure Steve, this is Dan. So at it relates to kind of prior peak levels in terms of our Strip EBITDA margin, they were roughly around 33% here in Las Vegas. So I think when you kind of look at the trajectory, we’ve been on the guidance we’ve been given, we continue to kind of be on that path to achieve those levels over the next year or so and get back there.  I think the, if there is upside to that, it’s going to come really from out stretched kind of top line growth. We still think there is good side upside to the economy, we are still growing but that’s really been kind of low single digit growth. I that turns out the upside and out phases our expectation them you know there could be some upside to that margin. But based on what we are seeing right now, what we are doing in terms of cost containment and the programs that continue today from PGP, etcetera, we think 50 to a 100 basis points year kind of guidance puts is on the trajectory to be back at those peak levels within the next 24 months.  So we finished up around just north of 31% last year. It’s probably a little bit higher than we expected. So we feel like we are a little ahead of the plan thus far, but continue to be on that pace.  As far as the puts and takes on Analyst Day, that’s gone back almost kind of two years now. The biggest one is probably in just the timing around COTAI. I think that model if I remember correctly had kind of COTAI opening in kind of March, April of 2017. So that’s probably the biggest in terms of the change that model would be the timing around COTAI and obviously now the growth of that market that was not kind of laid out in that model when we put it together back in ’16. 
Dan D’Arrigo: And I’d add a couple of things to it Dan. One on the puts and takes on the model. We underestimated the impact of Monte Carlo. So certainly, that we are below where we through we would be in terms of cash flow there. But every other Strip property is at or above what we are looking for.  With Bellagio hitting an all time record as an example, our regional properties are sport on, in terms of what we had projects and so I think the put and take is the opening of COTAI, that was the big difference. 
Dan D'Arrigo: And probably, now that we know the tax reform is obviously another one that will positively impact our free cash show in ’18 and ’19 and beyond from that standpoint as well. 
Jim Murren: And in terms of margins, the one point I’d make out – I’d bring up right now is, depending on your raise on inflation, inflation has obviously impacts to the industry both negatively in terms of labor, but also positively and in terms of pricing power. So to extent that we can improve our revenues through pricing power in a slightly inflationary environment versus our expenses, we should input to see margin improvement that we did not see prior to 2007.  So I would – since the dawn of time, which I define as 1984 when I joint Wall Street, you know hotel companies and casino hotel companies typically do well from a margin perspective in inflationary environments because the ability to change prices instantly against the backdrop of expenses is a favorable dynamics for companies like ours.  It certainly, we see as the case here as we continue to increase pricing in a verity of channels, whether it be in room rates or fees. Our restaurant prices we believe that we have some room lent to grow in all those and that should more than offset the inflationary impact of labor and other expenses. 
Stephen Grambling: It’s all very helpful and maybe if I could sneak one follow up in since you brought up the benefits of tax reform. I guess how is tax reform and the incremental cash flow thought about differently in the sense of capital allocation. I know you previously said 3.5 times I think where your target leverage ratio is. Does that change with tax reform?
Dan D’Arrigo: No. We do this as a windfall unexpected pickup for the company, but our leverage targets remain the same and so the ability to have additional cash available will be allocated to the areas that I talked about in terms of return on capital to shareholders and if we find good ROI growth opportunities, but we view that as part of the overall fee cash flow story. 
Stephen Grambling: Fair enough, thanks. Best of luck this year. 
Dan D’Arrigo: Thanks Steve.
Jim Murren: Thanks Steve. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Carlo Santarelli of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Carlo Santarelli : Hey everyone, good morning. Guys if you could just as you talk about 2018 and obviously you guys provided a lot of color on the top line. When you think about the 50 to 100 basis points margins and obviously you spoke to some of the challenges putting you closer to the lower end this year. Just in terms of cost pressure as it pertains to the strip this year. Is there anything outside of the one timers and some of the old headwinds from last year that you guys would point out. 
Jim Murren: Well, we have labor negotiations.
Dan D’Arrigo: Yep.
Jim Murren: That’s always – you know that happens every fourth, five years, we can discuss that. So that’s happening right now. We are having good dialog with the union as are the other companies on the Strip. So we’ll see how that plays out, but that’s certainly an impact as it relates to Las Vegas. Other labor issues, don’t see, are FDs are in good shape. Other expenses no. as you know we were early on adopting an independent strategy on energy that has worked to our benefit and so I don’t see any expense changes at all for this year. Do you guys?
Dan D’Arrigo: No.
Jim Murren: Outside of Las Vegas we also have discussions with the union that we are working with at National Harbor and so that’s a discussion that’s ongoing right now. We have the expenses that we are taking now as we are ramping up MGM Springfield, which is looking fantastic though, by the way and opening up soon, before September, before Labor Day and other than that I see nothing. Do you guys?
Dan D’Arrigo: No. 
Carlo Santarelli : Great, thank you and then Dan, maybe this one is best for you. Just in terms of the cash taxes for ’18 and ’19, that’s very simplistically you’re looking for something like 1% effective rate from the cash side. Is there anything in particular that could change that setup? I noticed that the language around that and the GAAP tax seem to be, that the GAAP tax piece is obviously a lot easier to forecast. 
Dan D'Arrigo: No, we are not anticipating any material or significant changes from that level. I think when you look at 2017, I think in total we had, about $180 million of cash taxes in total. We’ll still have some state taxes in 2018 of roughly plus or minus call it around $20 million of State taxes in 2018 but pretty minimal in terms of federal taxes in ’18. 
Carlo Santarelli :  Very helpful, thanks a bunch. 
Jim Murren: Thanks Carlo. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John DeCree of Union Gaming. Please go ahead. 
John DeCree: Good morning everyone, thank you. I wanted to talk a little bit about the Borgata business in Las Vegas. I think in the slide deck you had mentioned a little bit about strength in the international business and I think a couple of years ago we saw Macau as kind of the leading indicator relative to Borgata performance in Las Vegas. So wanted to see if you can provide us a little bit more color as to what you guys are seeing in the business in Vegas and perhaps some antidotal comments here in town on Chinese New Year so far?
Jim Murren: Well, maybe I’ll start that and anyone jump in. That was at the party that I was at Sunday night. The high end is very healthy right now and the Borgata business is very strong. We hosted our major event for the event for the Year of the Dog at ARIA on Sunday night. We had 2900 people in our ballroom and we had had over 900 people on our waiting list to be able to go that event. The tone of event, the tone of business in town is better than we’ve seen in a number of years. And we are feeling very encouraged by the level of traffic that we are seeing in town at our properties and our competitors properties.  We also had an extraordinary successful two day concert at MGM Grant. A performer that’s knows around the world and sold out and highly recognizable to that customer. So the tone in the town I’m sure is robust for everybody. It certainly has been for us here at MGM Resorts, at ARIA, Bellagio and MGM where we cater to that type of play and that’s encouraging going into this year, particularly because we have some events slated for the year that draw high end customers and you know a big fight does that, a major concert does that and we have a couple of both. So I would say that is encouraging for us.  Our market share in town is growing and I think that the fact that the COTAI is open is going to help that as well. We are getting incremental cost country play; people coming back and forth, sampling COTAI as Greg could speak to, they haven’t been to the property in a while and they are coming here. So Corey, you want to add to that.
Corey Sanders: What I would add is, if you look at the Borgata play there is a huge correlation between what happens in Macau and what happens in Vegas and the fact that Macau’s backup again I think you are seeing a lot of strength here also. 
Jim Murren: And I think the one point I’d add to Corey is that what we are also seeing is more domestic players as a percentage of the Borgata mix than we ever had before which is encouraging both form the other standpoint of the mix of play and also the strength that we are seeing here domestically in our customer. So there is more domestic play as a percentage of the overall Borgata mix than we’ve ever seen before.
Dan D’Arrigo: Yes, I would think that January, you know Chinese New Year surrounding the Super Bowl last year and into the end of January and beginning of February. The separation of the two events actually helped up and allowed us to fill our villas and mansions, both times with domestic customers for Super Bowl and the Asian customers for Chinese New Year. So that was also positive for us. 
John DeCree: That’s helpful, I appreciate the color everyone. I wanted to as a follow up just kind of extend that question to the domestic gaming business in Las Vegas. We talked a little bit about inflationary pressures with tax reform and Jim I think your comments about raising prices. With the tax reform bill and the potential impact on the consumer, has the outlook for the domestic gaming business changed at all or are you still kind of thinking kind of a low single digit growth business on the kind of domestic casino floor. 
Jim Murren: I think it’s early to tell. It’s certainly a positive in terms of what we might see, its early to tell through, and where we would pick up business would not only be here, but I would think a property like Detroit, National Harbor, those will be properties that you know should see incremental benefit to this. So I think it’s early but encouraging. 
John DeCree: Great. Thanks for the questions. 
Jim Murren: Thanks John. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Allen of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Thomas Allen: Hey, good morning. When we think about your 2018 REVPAR guidance of 2% to 4%, can you just help us think about the relative performance by property or types of property? Thank you.
Jim Murren: Who wants to tackle that? 
Dan D’Arrigo: You know, I mean I think the high end is going to do well, our luxury properties in general and if they do then that drives the core properties as well. But do you have any more specifically? Yeah, I’m just looking at numbers two and I mean Easter falls, a little bit of Easter noise here but...
Corey Sanders: I mean as Monte Carlo continues to kind of change obviously from you know a core classification that we’ve historically had at that property. As that has been predominantly a drag in ’17, that should become more a positive throughout ’18 for us, so that would help the core propitiates from that perspective.  Keep in mind in the first quarter the biggest impact of CON/AGG, when you think about luxury versus core, it is more on the core side than the luxury, because they just don’t have the ability to back to convention business and really are just rate takers during those big city wide events. So the properties that don’t have a lot of convention space are the ones that will feel it during that week in March. So luxury still looks strong throughout the year based on convention.  I’d say as we kind of classify our core properties separately, they still have growth that are probably more affected by the first quarter and Monte Carlo will kind of help that group of properties throughout the year drive a better RevPAR story.
Jim Murren: And I would add a couple of things just to think about for this is, one is a big fight and a big consort in the second quarter that would benefit the properties around, where that’s been held. It’s been held in both cases at T-Mobile. We have the summer league coming in, obviously this would be the second year of really of MGM being the sponsor of the NBA Summer League, it would be bigger than ever. That’s going to have a big impact on visitation at a time where we typically struggle, that’s going to help. I think our team will be in the payoffs I think. 
Jim Murren: I was getting there.
Dan D’Arrigo: The Vegas Golden Knights. The impact, that’s started the season at a 200:1 odds of getting into the Stanley Cup is now 9/2, and a playoff series at T-Mobile would obviously have a big impact on New York, New York and Park MGM in the neighborhood. And then we get into the fourth quarter where we again are going to have some events. So I think it would be fairly broad based, but clearly where we have the most pricing power typically are in our luxury properties and Bellagio and ARIA, they set the tone and our properties are able to draft off of our luxury properties and I think that will help this year. 
Corey Sanders: Thomas, from a percentage increase the cores will also have the benefit of the resort fee increase this year which will help the percentage increase and core a little bit more. 
Jim Murren: Right, that’s a good point Corey, I mean the some of the core properties are actually, we are lagging in the market to see whose portfolio had the higher resort fees, which is a great change since they started the resort fees not long ago, but welcome to the party. It certainly benefits looking at what our competitors are doing the market place and its helping overall pricing. 
Thomas Allen: Helpful, thank you and then can we just confirm what is the convention mix for 2017, was it 19.5% and then with its new commencing space, can that increase and will take that few years, or how should we think about?
Corey Sanders: So, it’s right around 19% is where we finished up, which was where our target was for ’17. ’18 is shaping up to be very similar to that 19% as well. From a mix standpoint that does not include ARIA, so they are looking at a slight increase in their mix at ARIA for 2018 with their new convention space. The MGM Grand expansion comes on in early ’19. So those start to see that benefit more in ’19 than in ’18. 
Thomas Allen: Helpful, thank you.
Jim Murren: Thanks Thomas. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Beynon of Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Chad Beynon: Hi great, good morning, thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to go back to the 1Q guidance that issued with negative 250 basis points of margin declines. So if home loans are declining and the Monte Carlo impact is lower, is the 250 simply a product of Dan kind of what you just talked about with the tough comp form the core properties mainly in March and then also what looks like kind of a tough table hold. Just wanted a little bit more color on that guidance. Thank.
Dan D'Arrigo : Chad, those are really the three drivers when you look at it. Obviously it’s the comparison to CON/AGG last year. It is the disruption at Monte Carlo and I think the whole of last year and the first quarter was north of 25%. So those are the three factors that are our guidance of that down 250 basis points year-over-year, so you are thinking about it correctly. 
Jim Murren: And probably a little bit of the impact of Monte Carlo. I mean… [Cross Talk]
Chad Beynon: Okay, thanks. And then can we get an update just on Japan that’s been the news clipping a little bit more latterly. Just any milestones or any specific dates that we need look forward in 2018 from a catalyst perspective. Thank you.
A - Jim Murren: Well you know what you’ve probably been reading is that the dial is moving forward and that there is discussion and debate around the gambling addiction counter measure bill I think it’s what it called, which should the first issue that the diet would consider; that would to provide funding for and identification of problem gaming.  And then the second measure would be the implementation act which probably what you have been reading about. And the current dialog there from what we see is still shooting for a mid-year discussion in the diet and hopefully a passage of that by say June or July.  MGM has been very active there. We spent a lot of time both in local jurisdictions and in Tokyo and I think we are as well positioned as any company in the world as it relates to developing our reputation there, reaching out to potential consortium partners, talking time to understand the market, and we are very encouraged about that and it certainly – if the implementation passes, it will set off a highly competitive RP process and MGM is I think well positioned to positively participate in that.
Chad Beynon: Okay, thank you very much.
Jim Murren: And maybe last question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robin Farley of UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. Most of my questions have been asked already. Maybe just one with the – what your expectation or initial conversation has been around concession window [inaudible] maybe starting this year in advance of the 2020 expiration. Thanks.
Jim Murren: Well, thank you Robin. We had the honor or hosting the Chief Executive and most of the cabinet at our opening at MGM COTAI on the 13th and I could say that we’re very proud of the event and I think that the feedback that we have consistently received from the government, leading up to the event has been very favorable in terms of what they think of the property and all the pre-tours and certainly that night.  We have not had discussions about the concession renewal with the government. We have taken the view that if we continue to deliver on what we expect is the expectations of operators like ourselves, that we will be treated fairly and I was very confident of that. I think that sometime later this year or next year there will be a discussion around the concession renewal process or as the government says, the rebid of concession. But they have not reached out to us to discuss that and we have not reached out to them.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you.
A - Jim Murren: Okay. Well before we end, I’d just like to first thank you all for joining us today and just reiterate a couple of points here.  One is, I am incredibly proud of the people here at MGM, particularly after the events of 1 October. We quickly scaled our business, put our analytical and operational horsepower to work and made strong guidance about what we thought we would do in an uncertain time and we delivered on that guidance and delivered on the company for the employees and the people. That just shows how different a company that we are today than maybe five or ten years ago and really the strength of our business model. We have strong tools to understand our business, both in terms of ’18 and beyond. That’s why you will sense more confidence from us in terms of our predictive abilities and we see a good year for this year on balance here in Las Vegas and in our regional properties and the outlook for Las Vegas, we didn’t touch about it much in terms of new entrants coming into the market today, but we view positively in terms of driving investment in the town, creating jobs, construction and operating jobs that accrues to the benefit of the whole community.  We loved the tax law change and the fact that people are pouring out of California to move to Nevada and that has an impact on housing and on incomes and on spend throughout the valley. We are very excited about the expansion and renovation of the convention center and undoubtedly that will help the northern end of the Strip which has encouraged investments out there with the Fontainebleau Resorts World and the single greatest beneficiary as an incumbent to that is of course Circus Circus which enjoyed a tremendous year in ’17.  Though the out year we see that 13 moved all around Mandalay Bay for the Raiders Stadium, Bill Hornbuckle sits on that board. They are on track, they are spending money, they are working hard and that’s certainly encouraging for us because we own that neighborhood and having the stadium there will have a big benefit to Mandalay, Luxor, Excalibur, etcetera.  And so I feel like Las Vegas is well positioned and MGM is capitalizing on what we see happening in this market, and we’re throwing off free cash and we expect that free cash to grow demonstrably and that provides us many opportunities to benefit our shareholders in terms of dividend growth, in terms of share repurchase, in terms of investing in our business to get outsized returns and yes, if a unique opportunity like Japan or anything else presents itself, we want to make sure we’re able to capitalize on those in some cases one of a kind opportunities. And with that, I will say thank you. Thank you for joining us and your support in MGM and as always, we’re around to take any follow-up questions.
Operator: This conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited Catherine Park - MGM Resorts International
Analysts: Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Bill Hornbuckle, President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; and Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. In fairness to all participants, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Please note this event is being recorded. Now, I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Well, thank you, Steve. Good morning and welcome to the MGM Resorts third quarter 2017 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially for those contemplated in these statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is also available on our website. Please note that our supplemental earnings deck is posted to our website as well. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. Sorry, we're a couple of minutes late. I know it's been a busy day for all our investors today with many calls. Before I get into our very strong – obviously, very strong third quarter results, I want to take a moment to remember the 58 innocent people who lost their lives and the hundreds of more injured people because of evil individual that made a decision to carry out a devastating act of violence. Of course our thoughts and prayers remain with the victims and their families as they recover from the senseless tragedy, as well as the victims of the most recent attacks in Sutherland Springs, Texas and in of course New York City. I also again want to thank the first responders and the various law enforcement agencies who are working diligently to examine the events of October 1. We have always appreciated their support and during this trying time and we continue to work with them through this investigation. This heinous act of one person impacted our entire city and community, but in the days and weeks following the outpoint support we've received from fellow Las Vegans as well as our guests, partners and corporate leaders from across the U.S. has been heartening. We've also now learned of incredible acts of bravery by many of our own. Security officers and employees that help alert police to the shooter's location, employees that drove victims to hospitals, while under fire, delivered potentially life-saving first aid, worked with first responders to assist the wounded and led those in harm's way to safety. The morning after, 500 MGM Resorts employees from all across our properties arrived at Mandalay Bay. They immediately assisted staff in the front desk, service in guest rooms, answering phones and ultimately ensuring the needs of our guests and our colleagues. We've worked very hard especially over the last few years to foster a one company culture. This was not easy. Our operating companies have spent a great deal of time and effort to implement best practices across every aspect of our business including guest service standards, systems training, marketing, communications and this support system was put to test last month. And I've never been more proud of the strength of our employees who showed selfless dedication and spirited teamwork in the face of such unspeakable evil. Our strong culture and operating model that we've built over the many years allowed us to take rapid and coordinated action and I'm gratified to have witnessed this genuine embodiment of our one company one culture easels. Despite the tragedy, Las Vegas continues to move forward. While we anticipate near-term impact, which we'll of course talk about in detail, we're confident in the resilience of this community and its ability to remain the leading entertainment and business destination for the roughly 43 million people a year that visit us. Now, let's talk about the third quarter results. We continue to demonstrate the strength of our business model and, obviously, we exceeded our guidance in the quarter. We produced consolidated net income attributable to MGM Resorts of $149 million. Our domestic resorts on a same-store basis produced the best EBITDA quarter in over 10 years. Our margins and profitability exhibited strong growth as a result of the execution of the strategies that we've talked about many times on these calls and the strategies we put to place over the last several years. Las Vegas did particularly well in the third quarter in spite of the fact that the city itself faced over 140,000 fewer large-scale convention attendees year-over-year. And obviously you see that we more than delivered. And the reason why is we brought some of the best experiences to town including two of the highest grossing boxing events at T-Mobile. We had a great group calendar. We drove spend across the board with all our business segments. And the end result was 4% growth in the third quarter net revenues to $1.5 billion on the Strip. We generated $514 million of Strip EBITDA, that's up 14% from the year ago quarter. And RevPAR growth of 4.2%, significantly above our guidance. Our margins grew more than 270 basis points year-over-year to just over 33.5%. And we achieved several records in the quarter at many of our properties. I guess start would be Bellagio, where its margins were almost 42%. First time ever it reached 40% margin, and obviously the best quarter it's ever had in its history. We had higher table games hold of 26.8%, but, more importantly, we had 12% increase in volume. Even on a normalized basis, our Strip cash flow would have been almost $490 million and the margins would have been over 32%. CityCenter had another great quarter campus wide. Revenues and EBITDA were up 4.5% and 17%, respectively. And it produced margins of 33.6%, up 360 basis points year-over-year. Aria had a record-breaking quarter in revenues, EBITDA and margins. In Macau, where Bill and I were last week for most of the week, the market clearly has recovered quickly from Typhoon Hato, which hit Macau on August 23. Our teams have worked very hard there to volunteer to help recovery, both in terms of MGM China, MGM Resorts and our great partner, Pansy Ho, committed significant amount of money to assist and support the Macau community and its future. And that community is healing. We're extremely confident about Macau's long-term prospects and its evolution into Asia's tourist and leisure capital. We're opening, as you know, our second property in Macau. It's a stunner. And it will open on January 29 of next year. We've spent a long time developing, designing, creating, programming a property that would be unique to Macau and certainly unique to the hospitality market. We've worked hard to deliver on a promise that we've made to the government to create an entertainment destination that's unparalleled. And I think when you see what Bill and I saw last week, you'll feel that we delivered on that promise of entertainment, of food and beverage, of retail, that's uniquely Chinese, uniquely Macanese, and embodies the idea of MGM as an entertainment company. We're also excited to deliver The Mansion, which, of course, has been so successful to us here in Las Vegas. That Mansion product will be delivered to Macau also next year, which we believe will have a significant competitive advantage in the VIP business. And in the meantime, Grant, who is on the phone, and his team continue to do what they do best – best operators in Macau, most transparent, most accessible, best leaders of people. And that is going to be very evident as we move forward into the balance of this year and into a really important opening in 2018. Looking ahead, obviously the event of October 1 has had an impact on the fourth quarter. The entire town did the right thing. We all took a pause in marketing out of respect for those affected initially. At that time, we saw a spike in non-group cancellations, actually a little more than double than what we normally see. Of course, our bookings declined immediately after October 1 because we were suspending our outbound marketing programs and focusing on what mattered – taking care of victims, their families, first responders, our employees and all the guests that are here. I'm happy to say that these cancellations progressively subsided by mid-October and our booking pace remarkably returned to normalized levels almost immediately thereafter, as soon as we turned on our marketing efforts. Mandalay Bay was the lone exception because we felt it was appropriate to start their marketing later, at a slower pace. So, to give you some color around the fourth quarter. About half of our cancellations were isolated literally to the month of October. And as I said earlier, we've seen bookings improve, our business improve, here in November. On the group side, the support has been remarkable. All of us in this room literally were here in Las Vegas meeting with heads of large groups that were actually in-house at Mandalay Bay, Aria, Bellagio, MGM. And they all concluded the same thing, that they would not let evil win. They're going to host their convention, they're going to honor the employees of our community and they're going to do their work. And they did. And some of the largest groups we've ever had, including at Mandalay, said that we're going to, not only stay, but we're going to book again and again and honor the destination. And so, our booking pace going into next year is extremely strong. We also have to acknowledge the fact that October, as you know, typically is the strongest month of our fourth quarter and actually usually one of the strongest months of the year. And so that is going to impact the fourth quarter revenues and profitability. And I think we're pretty clear on that in our earnings call that it has an impact in the fourth quarter. But, again, in terms of the cadence of the quarter, it's very clear that our revenues and profitability are improving since October. And we're going to talk about that just a little bit more in a moment. It needs to be reinforced because we've talked about this before about why we invest the money we invest in Las Vegas to broaden out our destination, to increase our non-gaming activity and business, because it continues to yield extraordinarily high returns on investment. The returns in our events, our arenas, our conference facilities are justified and enhanced and validated by the trends we're seeing in McCarran Airport, driving business and in overall visitation. And we see that in our forward bookings as well, as we speak. The analytics team, our revenue management team is the best in the industry and better than we've ever been before. And so, we have high confidence in saying the following that we've already achieved 80% of our convention room nights that we've wanted to achieve for 2018 going into next year. This is an extremely high level for us in any time in our careers. We – actually we're going to be a bit better than that. But for the fact as you know, CON/AGG, which is a very large citywide convention is not here in the first quarter next year and so that will impact the city in the first quarter. And also to a lesser extent, there's been a movement in CES by a few days which will have a slight negative impact on the citywide RevPAR. However, our ambient business, our strong business is improving and we expect to see RevPAR growth in 2018. We are the leader in sports world. We've had kind of rough road trip for the Golden Knights but they're off to a great start and clearly been very popular here in Las Vegas, driving almost sold out crowds every single home game. We have brought in and they'll play next year a WNBA team. We've been very active with the NCAA in general, with the NBA, with soccer, rugby, NASCAR, bull riders, rodeo. Of course, we're bringing Dan's favorite, Oakland Raiders team to Las Vegas. All these individual activities collectively make a difference in terms of increasing visitation and more importantly for those who live here create a community event. We're spending a lot of money as a company, improving our properties. Monte Carlo is rapidly transforming itself to Park MGM and NoMad. Many of the venues have already opened under great duress. It's been difficult from a construction standpoint, which obviously had an impact on its cash flows, but toward the end of next year you will fully see what we envisioned for that property. And as I mentioned. COTAI is on the horizon, opens in January, and Springfield Massachusetts will be the home of our newest property, and our last major development project here in the United States when it opens in September. And that really winds down our development cycle, which accelerates our free cash flow profile, which we have articulated on many calls before but want to re-emphasize today. Our goal has been and remains to maximize our revenues, improve our margins, which are industry-leading, thereby improving our cash flow, being very clearly disciplined on our capital expenditures and through our free cash, which we have and we'll return to our shareholders. We feel confident in our future for basically four points. One, we have a dominant position in all of our domestic markets and we alike (20:30) strength-on-strength, remodeling rooms, refreshing restaurants, finding new entertainment offerings, expanding our convention facilities. These are high ROI projects that yield great returns not only in the near term, but provide enduring value to our owners. We have and will remain a fortified balance sheet, remain a strong credit profile, and that means that our leverage continues to decline, even though we are investing in our future and returning capital to our shareholders. And we have set a target internally and set it before to you, but our target leverage is in the 3 times to 4 times range. And we think we're going to get there by the end of next year. We're well on our way just to touch over 4 times right now. Last quarter, we again took out higher coupon debt and it seems like every quarter, but again last quarter rating agency improved our ratings. Thirdly, we are very prudent and disciplined in our growth opportunities, there are not many that we find attractive. We like what we own and operate. We like investing in those tempo properties, but we are not looking for growth for growth sake. And in fact, if there's any project or any opportunity in the world that the team here in Las Vegas are focused on, that would be here and in Japan. For growth, look to MGM Growth Properties with James and Andy at the helm. They are not only growing rapidly through their relationship with MGM Resorts, but are hot on the trail to expand their portfolio of owned assets with multiple tenants. And finally, and importantly, we intend to continue to return excess capital to our shareholders. We've already done so this year. We've returned over $500 million of cash to you in the form of dividends and share repurchases so far. We announced a $1 billion share repurchase program, only a few months ago. We are committed to our dividend, not only its current, but to increase it over time, and we feel that that is the right path to reward the people that have been with us on the journey that we've been on over the last four or five years. So I know we have a lot of questions, we've got a plenty of time to handle them, but I just like to emphasize that I'm incredibly proud of the men and women of our company. How we have navigated this company over many years to this strong foundation of growth and financial success and I'm also more recently immensely proud of the men and women and the community at large that have handled these horrific times that we have experienced over the last month-and-a-half. We will focus on what is important to our business and to our customers and to our employees and we're confident based on our analytics that we are on the way to recovery already. So with that, I'd like to turn it over to the operator.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session And the first question comes from Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Hey. Good morning, everyone, and thanks, Jim, for your comments. I had one question in Vegas and one for Grant in Macau. In Vegas, I wonder if you could give us a little bit more of your strategy with respect to reintroducing Monte Carlo and what disruption has it caused, but what kind of returns on investment are you likely to enjoy there? And then secondly in Macau. Grant, it seems to me that some of your competitors who aren't necessarily VIP-oriented have recently kind of dialed up their marketing efforts and I'm wondering if the competitive environment just for VIP has shifted at all in the last quarter or two. Thanks.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thank you, Harry. I'll start and I'll maybe turn over to Corey, who's got a cold, he's soldiering through. And then we'll turn over to Grant. We – I underestimated the impact of the disruption at Monte Carlo. It has been incredibly disruptive to the employees, to the guests, the building has been under the most comprehensive renovation of any property that we've ever undergone. And it has had a meaningful impact on its cash flows for the last couple of quarters, and that will continue into this quarter and probably into the first quarter and start rapidly improving in the second quarter. When we have open venues and we've only opened a few new ones, they've been profoundly successful. A couple new restaurants, the room product as it's being unveiled to the customers has been extraordinarily highly received. The returns on capital on Monte Carlo, I would say, would be some of the highest we've ever committed over the last five years, well in excess of any new build. Just imagine the fact that it's a 3,000-room hotel that we've added a $90 million theater to and now $550 million underway, taking a property that is well-positioned geographically, but poorly positioned in the market to a property that is right at the center of the Strip and with extremely high brand recognition and that's driving a lot of revenue. So, I would expect very high returns and I would think that Monte Carlo's cash flows, once they become fully integrated as Park MGM, will double. So that's the kind of project that I think you should look toward the future for us. It is straddled over three years, so it fits within our capital expenditure guidelines that we've set for ourselves and articulated. But it is a very attractive way to deploy capital and that's where we're focusing our capital is where we dominate, which is here and obviously in Las Vegas. And if we are right on our expectations of Monte Carlo and its returns to Park MGM, that bodes well for our other existing properties in Las Vegas. So, I'll stop there. Do you want to add anything else?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Sure. Harry, from a pricing perspective, our goal is probably within a few years to ramp up to our total strategy because there will be a transition period as Park MGM is introduced and NoMad is getting completed. But the goal on this project is we believe there's an opportunity to price this product right around or above a Mirage-ish or MGM-type property. There's not a lot of product in the town with that. We think there's an opportunity from the Park MGM perspective to hit that sweet spot. The NoMad will be more on the higher end, and should be priced with some of the luxury properties. But, overall, that's the overall strategy with the property.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thank you, Corey. Grant?
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Joseph Greff with JPMorgan.
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: Sorry. Harry, do you want me to finish that?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. We lost you there, Grant. Go ahead.
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: Sorry, Harry, I think we're seeing as you've noticed the strengthening in the VIP market across the board. And I think what everybody is doing pragmatically is taking that opportunity as it seems to be settled. And we're the same; we're obviously positioning ourselves for COTAI and building out VIP for COTAI. But even in the Macau property, we will be opening a new VIP Room, bringing in a new operator in December. So I think to your point, yes, there is a focus on VIP, but I think it's probably because after a very quiet few quarters and almost over two years, we're now seeing some growth. And I think everybody is just repositioning and rebalancing their portfolio in that sector. Thank you.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Grant.
Operator: Hello?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Operator, I think we had a question from Joe?
Operator: Yes, Joseph Greff from JPMorgan, please.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, everybody. And, Jim, thank you for the earlier comments. A couple of questions here. Looking out to 2018 in Las Vegas, can group room nights exceed 2017 levels or is the CON/AGG rotating out in the 1Q just too much to overcome?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: CON/AGG is I think too much to overcome.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, look, our goal is always to maximize that base around the 19%, 20%. CON/AGG will be a little bit of a challenge. There is a chance we can get there, but it's going to be a tough challenge.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Said another way, would you expect 2Q through 4Q group to be up in 2018 versus Q3 through 4Q 2017?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yes. After we get through the first quarter and obviously the city-wide rotation, we expect group business and overall RevPAR to be up in the balance of the year.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And, Grant, hopefully you're still there. But how much VIP product will be open on day one of the COTAI opening? And when does The Mansion product open?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: So, at the opening we'll have our own in-house VIP. And I think as we've indicated earlier, we wouldn't have junket initially, but we do have a program to bring that online as quickly as we can. So that is a focus for us. At the moment, based on the construction program, we're looking to get The Mansion, again, online before the middle of the year. And we're just going to work as quickly as we can. Clearly, bringing the junket and The Mansion and ramping up the VIP all needs to come together because we've got to be up to service that customer at the level we know we want to and make the impression that Jim indicated we're going to create with The Mansion.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And then one final one back to Corey in Las Vegas. Monte Carlo disruption in the 3Q and what you've disclosed to expect into 4Q is a little bit under $20 million. When does that disruption piece – is it really middle of 2018 before we see no disruption impact?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: I think, yeah, at the end of the first quarter, we'll have the property rebranded. But we'll also be doing about 600 rooms in NoMad. So, there'll be a little bit of an offset there. But in general, most of the disruption, or at least EBITDA decrease, should end by the first quarter.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: I don't know if you've been out lately, but, literally, the exterior of the building the signs are down. It's being refaced from the exterior. It's incredibly challenging to navigate in the interior. And there are pockets of really brilliance in terms of Primrose and the Steakhouse and the lobby area – but it is literally a full-on construction project right now and it really won't feel like an integrated resort until the second half of the year.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone. And, Jim, thanks for all the heartfelt comments around the tragedy. So, I just wanted to follow up on Vegas and maybe we could drill down a little bit more on specifically 1Q 2018. As we think about the different things you are lapping, CES and – or the CES shift and then also the lack of CON/AGG. Can use just help us drill down a little bit more in terms of magnitude on how much you think that could impact the year? And specifically, if you'd be willing to give us a range on what you think RevPAR will be down in the first quarter.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I'll start and then Dan or Corey or anyone can jump in. We – when we went into strategic planning back in July, we expected the first quarter to be flat to down anyway. But we expected the first quarter to accelerate after we got through that and we'd expect it to be up for the balance of the year. So, before October 1, we had expected that to be the challenge, we knew that would be the challenge. But we thought and we still believe today based on our really – almost non-existing cancellations and actually new bookings for 2018 that will be up every other quarter in 2018. But I think we want to quantify the magnitude maybe, Dan, or...
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I think Shaun, it's probably a little bit too early for us to kind of get into what that magnitude will be, but in the next quarter we'll definitely – quarterly call we'll definitely give you kind of how we're thinking about the full year. But as Jim said, RevPAR will be up in 2018, challenging first quarter and then strength thereafter.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And we just gave guidance I think in the fourth quarter, didn't we, Cathy?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yes.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: All right, which was...
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: 5% to 7% down.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Down 5% to 7%. So, we don't expect the first quarter to be down as much as the fourth quarter if that helps you.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. That's helpful. So, negative but maybe not quite as negative is what we saw in the fourth quarter is probably at least an assumption.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: And what I would expect is what was down in the first quarter is probably the result of CON/AGG and the shift at CES.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Right. So, if there is a decline it'll be for those city-wide reasons and it will not be as much as the fourth quarter.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. And then maybe just as a follow-up. Can you just talk about sort of what you're able to do on the operating expense base, I mean, clearly, between the comp that you faced in Q1 and then just the overall business environment, which at times has been robust as it was in 3Q and other times, it's not quite as robust. I mean, what's the natural rate of expense growth and is there any incremental expense growth that might occur a little bit?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: So, this is Corey. I'll answer it. Even in the fourth quarter, we were down 3% in FTEs, and I think we have our engine pretty well dialed in to match our labor with our forecast. And in particular, in Q4, even before the incident, we usually go into slow period plans, which we accelerated. So, we will hopefully be able to offset any cost increase there. As we operate in the future and a lot of PGP initiatives, they're all driven to constantly increase our margins over time. And so we believe, based on what we have in place that we'll be constantly be able to do that and therefore manage the labor, in particular our biggest cost through our new technology that we're using.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And as we've said before, but it bears repeating, our goal is to increase our EBITDA margins 50 basis points to 100 basis points a year, and that remains the target that we feel is achievable. We've obviously come off a tremendously strong third quarter. And therefore we'll have a good year with our nine-month results already booked overall, but we expect to continue to not only drive revenue growth in 2018 but margin growth as well.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, everyone. Good morning and condolences. Corey, Jim, Dan, whoever kind of wants to take a stab at it, but the large-scale conventions relative to smaller groups which you guys have done a great job this year backfilling, especially in the third quarter versus kind of events, could you talk about the dynamics of maybe not down to profitability, but the dynamics of how those events are different for you guys from an earnings perspective as we look at next year. And maybe you have some holes to fill in the first quarter with CON/AGG moving out and some of the other puts and takes throughout the back half of the year.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, I'll start and then I'll move it to either my left or right. We have – and I'm sure Mike Dominguez and his team are on the call listening in as many of our thousands of employees are listening and many of them are shareholders of MGM. We have the best convention sales team in the world, not just in the gaming industry or in the United States. And what we have been able to accomplish in terms of booking conventions, moving conventions from other cities, improving the portfolio of product, standardizing our delivery of product, filling in calendars where we no longer have any real slow periods in our calendar for conventions has been remarkable. We had pre-booked the expansion to the Mandalay Bay Convention Center before we even started construction, and it's been remarkably successful. And we're expanding the MGM Grand Conference Center as we speak and already pre-booking into that expansion. And we're looking for other growth opportunities as well including in the building we are right now at Bellagio. But the large group business of which there are still significant groups we do not get in Las Vegas or we don't have at MGM Resorts is significantly more profitable. So you want to share anything on that?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. What I would add, Carlo, is actually when you look at our business and in particular the large groups and especially if you saw it in October right after the event them being here sure helped quite a bit without having a major impact on our results. But in general, 60% of our business, or close to that, is corporate. And of that, the large groups are a small percent of it. And actually, a majority of our room nights come from the smaller groups, the large groups what allows us to do is yield our rooms a lot higher at those properties when that core business is in there. It looks strong. It continues to look strong. Many of those groups book multi-years. And so, we have a lot of that tied up. We constantly are looking for actually larger groups to actually help us on our shoulder periods also. But in general, when we look at our Strip revenue and what those large groups have done, they've actually helped us grow the total convention contribution probably about 5% to 10% a year over the last few years and we expect that to continue.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. That's very helpful. And then if I could just ask a follow-up. Obviously, it's always volatile as experienced in the 2Q relative to the 3Q with hold swinging almost 600 basis points, but it does feel like the natural kind of bias relative to your normal hold, if you look back over the last, call it, seven quarters has been higher. As you think about your theoretical range and maybe some of the tweaks that have been made around some of the games, does that range maybe feel a little bit like it's conservative and your experience of late is going to be more indicative of maybe the natural table game hold on the Strip going forward?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Carlo, this is Dan. I don't think the range is conservative. I think the approach we're taking with respect to our casino business over the last few years has really evolved into more focused on profitability overall as well as the customers. So, as we've talked about before, certain steps that we've taken with respect to our customers are much different today than historically, and some of which we don't deal to any longer. So, we've taken a different approach. I think that's probably helped our ability to skew more towards a higher end of that range, and how we look at customers today, how we market, how we promote those customers and the deals that are cut with the customers I think has helped our theoretical and ultimately our actual hold percentages.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, I agree with Dan. I think we're still happy with the range because we dominate in the high end. We're bigger than our next two competitors combined. Note how much money Bellagio made again, if you can but compare that to our Strip competitors. So, there is volatility in the high end and that's why I think at this point, we should keep the range where it is, but there's no doubt that the analytics around our whole table games department and the men and women that are working there has improved the profitability and also the hold percentages if you look back over the last several quarters.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you, guys, very much for the color.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. So, Jim, in your prepared remarks you mentioned that the company returned to marketing at Mandalay Bay later than the other properties, for obvious reasons. So, just wondering if you could give us some more details regarding that property, perhaps maybe when did marketing start, what kind of demand are you seeing there once you did start that? And is there a percentage of the room base that's out of service?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, I'll start then because Corey has been probably the most focused of all of us. So literally on October 1, we shut down all our marketing channels. All external, internal channels Strip-wide. And if there's any affirmation that the people we have in direct marketing are worth the money that we pay them, it's certainly true that it has an immediate, instantaneous impact on bookings. We felt that when we did start slowly bringing back marketing, started pivoting our external, our websites, our digital plans, we didn't start doing that until in the middle of October. I think it was late in the second week, wasn't it Corey?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: It was around the 10, 11.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Around the 10, 11. But not at Mandalay. Mandalay we took another week or two, didn't we?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, what we ended up doing in Mandalay is we probably took another week and then we started drizzling it out just to make sure that the reaction was not adversarial. And so, over time, it's at full force now. I would say that Mandalay compared to the rest of our properties probably has the most impact. We know that 20% of the cancellations came from there. But they're really close to where their booking pace was prior to the incident.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And as you know, we're so proud of our national ad campaign. We took that off air immediately. And that has not gone back up on air and probably won't go – I know it won't go back up on air until sometime next year. So, we're not fully back from a marketing perspective. We don't think it's appropriate to do so at this point in time. But in our direct marketing, here in November, all the channels are back fully functioning.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: And, Felicia, I'd like to make another point, too, just to add on. It wasn't just MGM Resorts. This was the entire community for about 10 days that stopped marketing the destination. So, LVCVA, ourselves, our colleagues up and down The Strip, as well as our partners on online channels, et cetera, really shut down any outward and forward-facing marketing efforts for that 10-day period. So, it wasn't just us.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: That's a good point, Dan. I mean, you'd have to be here to experience it. But this is a good point to say how appreciative we are at MGM of our competitors. We had pastries delivered from the Venetian. We had folks coming over from Tropicana. We had Cosmopolitan chipping in. We had folks at Wynn, Caesar's Properties. We all rallied around the same tragedy. And the city collectively and universally shut down its outward-facing marketing for the better part of a week and a half. People had their own views on how to restart their programs independent to themselves. But it was certainly a collective decision by the community to pause, focus on the victims and the families and the employees and the community. And we're all turning on those channels now.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And can you say what percentage of the room base is back in service at Mandalay?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: All the rooms except for one wing of one floor.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you for all that color. And, Corey, just when you think through the RevPAR stats that you reported this quarter, the strategy to focus on more profitable customers is really apparent when you look at the occupancy rates across the board. But what also stands out is the ADR increases that you generate at most of the properties, especially at the segment that you call the retail properties. So I was just wondering is that pure room rate lift, or is there anything else driving that? And then I was just also wondering how much runway there was left to raise ADRs at those properties. I would think given the segment that it's in, it might be hard after a point to keep pushing prices.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: So, keep in mind, we thought it was going to be even a more challenging quarter going in because of the 140,000 less citywide room nights. So, we were able to achieve that even without that. And I think what drove a lot of the retail, especially in those properties, the two major events definitely helped quite a bit. But if we could layer on the events with the convention base, there are always opportunities to raise rates there. And the rates there are still below peak at some of those properties.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, that's actually a good point, Corey. I don't think we've talked about on the quarters. We have talked about a strong convention calendar for 2018, but we have an equally strong entertainment calendar at all of our arenas as well. And those big arena events drive ADR increases and it's not as episodic as it used to be. We literally have every weekend now, it seems, a major event at either Mandalay Event Center, MGM Grand Garden or T-Mobile Park Theatre and our other venues and that has an instantaneous uptick in ADR when we have them.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Even when we look at the hockey games and many of us are seasoned ticket holders there. Half the arena is the other team. And there's probably a good portion of the other team that is coming in from out of town staying New York-New York, Monte Carlo, Aria, Bellagio, Excalibur even because it's close to the arena.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, they're not staying at Monte Carlo too much right now, it's under construction but they're staying at New York-New York and Excalibur, Luxor, Aria, MGM.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Felicia.
Operator: Thank you. And the next comes question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, a question for Grant, if Grant you're still awake. Can you talk about – how do you feel Typhoon Hato impacted your property if you can quantify? And do you feel like it had outsized impact given your location on the Peninsula? Thanks.
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: I think it's true that the Peninsula properties had more dislocation, but frankly I don't think it had any eminent effect. If anything, I think it was just a timing issue. When you look at the GGR going into October, we've seen some good growth. So, it's one of those events, it's a tragic event that – it had a lot of damage caused and obviously a lot of dislocation in the community. But in terms of business, I think we are becoming really pretty robust and pretty resilient. And so, I don't see it having any permanent impact at all.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's it. Thank you very much.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thank you.
Catherine Park - MGM Resorts International: And maybe one last question please?
Operator: Okay. Thank you and that comes from John Decree with Union Gaming.
John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC: Hey, everyone. I just snuck in under the wire. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to kind of get a little bit more forward looking and when I think about convention mix, Corey, you kind of talked about 19% to 20% range and you've got two new items coming online early next year, the Aria convention space and then the year after at MGM Grand. Does that give you the tools that you need to kind of get back convention mix up a little bit more or is the strategy just to kind of target perhaps higher-priced groups in that space?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: So, keep in mind Aria is not included in our mix, but the goal of the additional space is, one, to look at getting better groups in there at higher rates. Two, to the extent it makes sense to place more convention business into a facility compared to the other business we could place into it, we will. And I think there's opportunities to improve that mix, but it's not the ultimate goal of purely sitting there and saying we want to be at a certain percent. We're going to maximize our profitability by using all the spaces we have and making sure we have the right groups in our rooms.
Catherine Park - MGM Resorts International: And to remind you, part of the impetus for us making the decision to expand our convention space was the existing groups that we have today were growing in size and we wanted to make sure that we grew with them.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Right.
John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC: Great. That's it for me. Thanks so much.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We are working hard for you, our investors, our owners. I'm proud of our company. We are enthused about the future of MGM Resorts not only here in the United States with COTAI opening around the corner and we're very active in the pursuit of what I believe to be a tremendous opportunity in Japan and we aim to be a winner in that market as it unfolds. And we'll be in touch with you. Please call us at any point in time and thank you for the time today.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International
Analysts: Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC David Brian Katz - Telsey Advisory Group LLC Chad Beynon - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Bill Hornbuckle, President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; and Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After today's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please note this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Well, thank you, Steven. And good morning and welcome to the MGM Resorts second quarter 2017 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially for those contemplated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation of GAAP financial measures in the press release, which is also available on our website. Please also note that our supplemental earnings deck is posted on our website, which we hope you will continue to find helpful. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. We're quite proud of the results we've reported this morning, and I think it's a tribute to what we've discussed many times before in terms of our focus on margin, profitability and the very hard work of the men and women that have brought incredible operational efficiencies to this organization. As you know, our cash flows rose in the quarter, and on a hold-adjusted basis, EBITDA would have been up 10%. We've guided you, when we talked about the second quarter, to lower gaming revenue, higher non-gaming revenue, and margins that would be up slightly. We met that guidance and in fact, did better than we expected in terms of profitability and margin as a result of our initiatives. Our margins grew 82 basis points to just over 31% and that was despite the fact that we were down almost 5 percentage points year-over-year in table games hold. On a hold-adjusted basis, as I said cash flows would have been up about 10%, and our margins would have been up over 200 basis points on The Strip alone. CityCenter had another outstanding quarter. Its revenues and cash flows grew 10% and 36% respectively, and our focus on margin has driven our operational efficiencies in every single department in which this company operates. We have achieved this despite the fact that we're investing in the future. As you know, we're dramatically transforming MGM's Monte Carlo property into Park MGM, that's been disruptive and will remain so throughout this year, and despite that, we're very comfortable where we see the Street in terms of earnings for the year. Regionally, our properties continued to do dramatically outperform their competitors. MGM Detroit had an all-time record in terms of revenue and EBITDA. National Harbor is already the market leader in Maryland and of course Borgata continues to perform at an outstanding rate, and that is a tribute to Tom Ballance, retiring today from Borgata and moving into corporate, and the rest of the great team at Borgata. Obviously, the results in Macau as a market have been impressive, we are anxiously awaiting the opening of Cotai that will help us dramatically. That resort opens in a couple of months. Grant will talk more about it. But suffice to say that it would help not only drive more business to our MGM property on the Peninsula, but we believe it will be very dynamic and it's very successful in Cotai. We've had a very strong year this year in Las Vegas, both in the first and in the second quarter. We just had another record at McCarran Airport in June, and the company has focused on maximizing the opportunities that are in front of us. And that means maximizing the revenue per occupied room in all of our resorts. That is the reason why our margins were up more than we expected. It's also the reason why RevPAR was below what our guidance was, as we consciously moved some occupancy away from higher ADR, but lower revenue per total occupied room into different channels, which resulted as you can see in higher profitability and higher margin, we expect that going forward. We see a very good third quarter underway. We have many challenges in the quarter because of a huge citywide convention quarter last year, and we held very well as we indicated in the third quarter of 2016, but despite that because we have an epic fight coming up in a couple of weeks and because we have good business on the books, we expect to see profitability increase again and margins also increase again. We believe that going forward, that the second half of the year will remain strong and that we will continue to be able to improve our profitability and margins, and in fact we are raising our margin guidance from what we have said earlier because we see more opportunities to increase margin going forward, already the industry-leading margin and certainly here in Las Vegas. This could be the second biggest fight of all time and it will certainly drive millions of people to watch Las Vegas, watch T-Mobile, and watch Mayweather and McGregor. We intend to maximize every $0.01 of profitability opportunity there and we're working very hard to accomplish that. I think we will be very successful. We've a lot to look forward to in the second half of the year, not only the opening of Cotai in the fourth quarter but the improvements that we're taking to all of our operations, which we see as accelerating our margin. We're running this company for cash flow and if that has not been clear in the past, certainly was in this quarter and we will continue to do so going forward because we believe that's the best way to drive value to our shareholders and we intend to continue to be competitive in the marketplace when we find opportunities on the horizon and I think the opportunity currently on the horizon is Japan where I would say that we are one of the leaders in terms of contenders in that marketplace. I have to say that I'm proud of what we've done. But I believe that our best days are ahead of us and what we see today is more confidence in our business than we've seen in the last ten years. So with that, I'd like to turn it over to the operator, so we get to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, everybody.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Hey, Joe.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Jim, Dan, as you can imagine, we're getting a lot of calls and e-mails on your RevPAR commentary and change from a quarter ago. Can you talk about the 100 basis points of revision? How much of that relates, Jim, to what you talked about in terms of a focus on lowering occupancy, how much of it might relate to more disruption at Monte Carlo? Can you talk about how much of it relates to just maybe greater price elasticity for the consumer in Las Vegas? What led you to revise downwardly your RevPAR guidance?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure Joe, it's almost exclusively business decisions that we're making here. It does not reflect at all the health of the market and certainly does not reflect our perspective of the market in the second half of the year. When we started PGP, we were focused on many of the non-hotel areas where we could drive margin profitability, not only in terms of table games margins and overall casino margins, but in our non-gaming areas in terms of driving margin there. The hotel divisions of many of these resorts including ours have been run more independently and have been focused on driving RevPAR. We know that that's not the right approach in a casino hotel environment. That's not how you drive profitability. No one here in this room that I'm aware of is bonused on RevPAR. We're bonused on profits. We made a decision when we moved from PGP to continuous improvement to dig in more on our hotel yielding and do it more holistically. We actually started that in the beginning of the year. It had a minimal impact on the first quarter, because we had such a strong convention calendar in the first quarter. It had more of an impact in terms of RevPAR in the second quarter, but we drove more profitability throughout the resorts in the second quarter. That's why revenue per occupied room in the second quarter was actually up over 5%. That's the important metric. In terms of looking forward, we feel very strongly, and we know this business pretty well, the way to drive increased margin and increased profitability is the yield total resort from a standpoint of driving revenue into the resort, and that will have a dampening impact on RevPAR, and that's okay because we're trying to drive more profits. The only macro point I would say in the quarter was a little bit of a weakness, a little bit of softness in the early part of June. It was literally like a two-week period of time, and it bounced back right at the end of the month. But really that had minimal impact, and also we probably underestimated the impact of the disruption at Monte Carlo a little bit, but these are just fringe things, it's not the overall point. I think the overall point is, on RevPAR as we're talking about it, a 1% difference in RevPAR. So in other words, instead of if we did 2.2% instead of 1.2% for our portfolio. A 1% delta is only $2 million of profit. A 1% increase in our margin just on The Strip is $14 million. We made a decision which we'll continue to make to focus on profitability and margin, and that really was the total story in terms of RevPAR in the second quarter, and the reason why we want people to be more focused on this in the third and fourth quarters. We're going to have a good third quarter, very strong despite the big city-wides that we saw last year and a 10% increase in RevPAR that we had last year. And we're going to have that because of a Mayweather-McGregor fight, a GGG-Canelo fight and some good convention business. But more importantly, I think we're going to be able to drive margins in the third quarter more than we had predicted when we began the year.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, helpful. And then just a quick question on Macau in the 2Q. Margins there were a bit lower, say, versus the last four quarters. Was there anything one-time there other than mix that drove that margin performance?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Grant, could you tackle that?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: Sure, thanks. The answer is there is some mix changes we've seen, particularly in some of the premium end of the business, so we've seen some margins slightly depressed, but overall we're starting to see growth in the mid business range, though some of this is as Jim was indicating, is preparing ourselves for the business for Cotai coming on strength. So yes there was some reduction in margin and that was also a little bit of affected from luck effect in the premium end. But by and large it's just part of the process of transforming and getting ready for Cotai. The last comment I'd make about that is that we're seeing some constraints in terms of room inventory and as Jim indicated getting Cotai onstream for us is really important in terms of building our capacity and our ability to drive more volume.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you, guys.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thank you.
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: Thanks Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. So just to stick on the quarter RevPAR for a second, I just think it would be helpful if we could just bridge from say maybe the midpoint of your guidance to the actual results. So, I hear what you are saying, you have like there are certain headwinds on RevPAR in the quarter, but then you said that they had minimal impact. So maybe if you could adjust for the disruption, the greater than disruption at Monte Carlo, maybe where would have RevPAR come in? I'm just having a hard time still understanding where the miss came from?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure. So just adjust just for Monte Carlo, RevPAR would have been 1.8%.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then, is there anything else in there like should we think about maybe an increase in resort fees that offset that or?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: No. No, we had predicted what we have in terms of resort fees in that number and in our prior guidance. Really the difference is Monte Carlo being a little tougher than we thought and a very short period of time in June. But I really want to emphasize the fact that we're moving away in Micah's team and our hotel yield team away from focusing on maximizing RevPAR. We've all known about this, both the sell-side, the buy-side, us at management, that that's not really the best way of running our business. But we didn't have the tools frankly, Felicia, earlier in our process until this year in terms of analytics, in terms of intelligence to yield these resorts in a more holistic way. And that's a manifestation of continuous improvement. We have people doing this now that we didn't have before, hired from other companies. And it will have a impact on total revenue per occupied room in a very positive way, we think.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. That's helpful. And then just, if I may step back for a minute and ask you a big picture question, because I think that there is an emerging kind of narrative coming out of this earnings season among some investors about the economy maybe perhaps slowing a bit. Certainly leisure is doing well, but on the business side, we've kind of seen in lodging and maybe some of the specifics that are coming out of Vegas, seeing some muted results. I mean, the June just came out today and the gaming results were better than we had expected, but again, this narrative is emerging. So when you look at your business which is a really nice mix of leisure and business, I'm wondering if, are you seeing any yellow flags at all from the consumer. What are your group meeting planners telling you? Is there any kind of comments you might want to make on what you're seeing economically right now?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: On the business side, Felicia, we see convention partners changing somewhat their convention practices. For example, some of the larger companies are consolidating some conventions. They might have five in a given year of a certain size and they're consolidating them down to three or four. That has some kind of volatility around some of the convention markets around the United States, and I think, a little bit to a lesser extent here in Las Vegas, but we've seen that trend occurring. The reality to that is they're actually driving a lot more delegates per convention obviously, as they consolidate the number of conventions. So, we see bigger spikes in convention attendance rather than what we had seen before. As an example, we literally last week just finished Microsoft. They were in here, it was amazing for better part of a week. That's a convention as you know, we didn't have last July, and it was highly successful for us. So, I think the only – and I'll turn it over to others if they see anything differently, but the only thing we see a little bit differently is how companies are handling their convention business. Every other segment – and by the way, we're still going to be up in conventions, and we're still doing extremely well. And Las Vegas, I think is the beneficiary of this, because we're a better value destination. Every other segment is up: leisure for us, will drive you more people for our own channels, which is more profitable to us, our FIT business, the casino was very strong, and that's why total revenue per occupied room was up nicely in the quarter.
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: Yeah, I would add Felicia, that what we're seeing in the customers, and especially because of our intentional shift out of some of our lower end areas, and into our higher end areas is that their spend is up, and we're seeing that in entertainment, we're seeing that in food and beverage, we're seeing it across the portfolio slots. So, we don't really sense that the economy is suffering.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's really helpful. Thank you. Dan, a quick housekeeping. Were there any bad debt provision benefits in the quarter in either Las Vegas or Macau?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: I'll let Grant speak to Macau. As far as here in Las Vegas, we had a slight benefit of about $4 million in the quarter on a year-over-year basis.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And Grant, at Macau.
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: And for Macau really nothing significant, less than a $1 million.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Harry Curtis with Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Hey, good morning. I wanted to catch Grant while he is still awake. I wondered how you plan to position the Cotai property? It is competitive. How will it be different from your experience on the Peninsula and what are your views on the competitive advantages that the building has?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: Thanks, Harry. I'm wide awake. I think what's important is, while we might be last to open, we also have the advantage of watching everybody else come on board. And I think we've been clear right from the outset that we understand that the Cotai market is very different from the Macau market. But we also accept that we have certain characteristics. But we are strong there in terms of particularly the mass business. We also need to develop Cotai, the VIP business over time. In terms of the property itself, the thing that's most important for us is capacity. We keep on saying this over and over again. Getting more rooms, getting more capacity in that marketplace. One of the things we're focused on most importantly as it's not just a question of being able to expand based on our current pool of customers. We understand that we need to tap into new customers to us who may already be in Cotai and I'm not saying specifically share shift, but about allocation of wallet. And so, we're very focused on bringing in additional resources, people with specific experience in the Cotai market, and also making sure we build strong relationships with the tour and travel marketplace in China about moving premium leisure travel market specifically. So I guess, the critical point for us is not only maintaining intensity in the Macau property, getting increased capacity, but understanding that we need to spend and we are spending a lot of time building the volume of traffic and the pool of customers for us for Cotai. We're very excited about the physical attributes. I think everyone acknowledges that the building design is iconic and we're very excited as we progressively release to the market the facilities that we're bringing in. We're nearly finished launching all the food and beverage, and now we're starting to introduce the customer buys for the entertainment products, the nature of the interactive spaces that we're creating, which allows the consumers to basically build a lot of their own experiences, that will become more visible as we actually launch more of the products as we work our way up to the opening. We anticipate, just one point of interest, we'll start our roadshows into China for the leisure markets and for the tour and travel business in September, so that's really a progressive development and build that over time. We understand and we appreciate that our properties will take time to ramp-up and that we need to make sure that we maintain our cost control that we don't get too carried away, that we don't over staff ourselves on early days, but can build capacity and build volume before we – that we avoid too many overheads. Sorry, that's a bit long, but I hope that covers what you're interested to hear, Harry.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: It did. I did have just two quick follow ups. The first is, there has been – I've gotten a couple of questions on whether or not you will entertain the idea of a partial opening?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: We obviously want to hype as much as we possibly can and if everything was up to our standard and we thought that we could drive sufficient volumes to support it, we would open everything, but we're pragmatic. Our target is to get everything as far as we can. We've previously announced that The Mansion product would be delayed, but in terms of all of our other facilities, we're hoping to be able to make the decision operationally whether we're comfortable to get to support everything. At this moment, room inventory, the rooms are looking pretty good, we're punching all those things through. So, we would like to have as much online as we possibly can, but openings are always challenging, We're pragmatic enough to know that we just work to what we know we are able to present the best image of our brand and our product on day one.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: And last question is, can you narrow for us the projected timing of the opening?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: I think Jim was pretty clear that that within the next two or three months, we certainly will be opening, we're aiming for that. Construction is going well. Our manning is going well. And we all understand, however, that we do have to follow the regulatory procedures laid out by the government and at the end of the day once that's all been completed, then we'll get our permits to operate. But we're all pretty comfortable. We're ready to go as soon as we can get that permitting in place.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Okay, very good. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Jim, maybe to build on the whole kind of discussion around RevPAR and some of the tweaks in mix, so just wondering if you or someone can elaborate a little bit more on sort of a little bit more specifically, what exactly are you doing in terms of these tweaks? Is it more channel-related, meaning sort of optimization of OTA versus direct book versus other things, and cutting down on customer acquisition costs or is it more comp and cash mix? And maybe just elaborating on any of the tools that you are using to make some of those changes? That'd be really helpful.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure. I'll turn it over to Corey for that.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Sure. Shaun, as part of our continuous improvement, one of the things we've really focused on is identifying our channels and then, really doing an in-depth study on the profitability of those channels. All of our channels and our partners are very important to us. But there are certain channels that are actually making a lot less profit, sometimes, anywhere from 20% to 50% less than other channels. So, it's been more of a channel switch than anything else. On the casino side, we continue to use our M life database and the regional database. But what we've been able to see is, we have been able to for the first time in a while actually shift some of that lower-end channel into our own transient database. So, that's something that, I think, when we looked at it going into the year and when we made that decision, we felt the demand for Las Vegas was really solid and if there was a time to do it, with the dynamics, this was the right time to do it.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And Corey, is there a software or tools or – we know there are some optimization things you're using and rolled out across the enterprise, what phase are we in on that that's kind of – any color there?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: We're at the beginning stage, and when I say that I'm pretty critical of ourselves. I think there is a lot more opportunities to maximize with tools and tap artificial intelligence, and things like that. So, I'm pretty excited about what the future has to bring in this area.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, I'd just add to that part, Corey. Obviously, we are well aware of the CRM softwares that are out there, salesforce.com being one that Caesars is using, and other companies have different techniques. We have our own CRM. It's going to evolve and one of the things that has been a benefit of the Borgata acquisition has been – they've had a very strong CRM process in place at Borgata. And we're taking that learning, and Tom Ballance, who is now in corporate with us, is leading the team with Anton Nikodemus and a variety of our best leaders here, including Marcus Glover, who is going to be running Borgata to make it a company-wide decision on improving analytics, and artificial intelligences and CRM. But that's exactly what Corey is referring to by changing the channels on the non-gaming side this year, and being able to do more process, marketing on the gaming side. We've been able to increase our revenue per occupied room, which is why you see a really good slot handle, and you see good table volume, it would have been more evident if we had just held normally, but even with lower hold, it benefited us.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning. Maybe on the capital allocation front, what is the latest progress in pursuing some of the various asset sales that you've alluded to in the past, whether it's non-core like CityCenter, National Harbor, and where does MGP fit in?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: So thank you. It's a good way to kind of step back and look at what we're trying to accomplish here. One is obviously to drive free cash flow and I will get into that more. But certainly, we're accelerating our free cash flow generation in our operations this year versus last and we think next year significantly more. But adding to free cash flow comes the other levers that we have. One of the major levers that we have is MGP. We were really clear when we brought MGP public a couple Aprils ago that National Harbor which has a ROFO, it would be an asset that we would like to transact with, with MGP. We also said that we'd like to have a few quarters under National Harbor's belt before we entered into those negotiations. Well, we have a few quarters under our belt right now, so I would think that it would be logical to assume that a transaction would be more in the near term than the long term between MGM and MGP. That, if done properly, and we expect it would if we do it, would have a profoundly positive impact on MGM Resorts in terms of its liquidity and its cash and squarely fits with the overall arching belief that we need to return cash to our shareholders. MGP is out on the prowl on a variety of other transactions, some of which will not involve MGM, but others very likely could. And recall that we're opening up Springfield, Massachusetts, next year, I think in September or August and that obviously is a candidate for MGP as well. The other lever that we have is clearly through asset sales. There has been a significant level of interest on The Strip right now. There is really strong chatter around the Fontainebleau being sold with a hotel flag that will be put on it. We're not involved, to be clear. But that would be a good sign for the market, if people are willing to invest a lot of money to try to bring that property to life. And we own assets as well. We own Circus Circus. We own the Mandarin at CityCenter and several other assets that we always look to find out what we should do in terms of our best interests. In terms of other levers that we have, clearly CityCenter itself with another record quarter is generating a significant amount of cash. We will continue to return that cash to its shareholders, Infinity World and MGM. And of course, once we open up in Cotai, MGM China should turn into a significant free cash flow generator beginning next year. So, the levers that we have in front of us that we're constantly trying to maximize are number one, free cash because our CapEx is going to roll over and be very minimal going forward; two, asset sales or other ways of monetizing assets; three, dividends from our ventures.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So, that's all. I'll help I guess as a follow-up, do you think about allocating cash proceeds from asset sales differently than operational cash flow, and more broadly, do your priorities change as that cash flow inflects? Maybe any type of development projects that you can see out there that we should be thinking about.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: That's a good question that hasn't been asked of us before. But yes, I feel like if there is – I got to talk to our board about this – but if there is a significant one-time event that would generate a tremendous amount of cash to MGM Resorts, that would impact our decision making versus free cash flow that is steadily and rapidly growing. And yes, we've been very clear on capital allocation and shareholder returns. We started with dividends, quarterly dividends. We expect that we'll be able to increase our quarterly dividend over time. But that share repurchase also will be part of our discussion at the board level. And if we have a significant windfall, which I think we will, one or two of them, over the next couple years, we'd be more immediate in our transferring that windfall to shareholders than rapidly growing free cash flow.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. Good luck in the back half.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, everyone, good morning. Corey, if I could, just you spoke a lot about kind of the continuous improvement and the mix that you're trying to kind of utilize to drive that improved profitability using more of those improved channels. If you could just kind of maybe silo stuff for us in terms of what the mix is today, be it with group, convention, leisure, transient, casino, et cetera, and kind of what the optimal for profitability based on what you guys have identified would be as we go forward?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, Carlo, I don't think we've really gone into mix that much. Obviously, the convention is our base, and we build off of that. The we use some of the other channels to also help build the base and yield from there. The goal would be really to, if we could keep shifting a few percent into the transient probably from the leisure base, that would be where we could gain the most profitability. And I think we're starting to see that happen probably for the first time since probably before the recession that we've been able to actually make that change happen.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, and I think maybe, I don't want to cut you off, Dan, but I think that that's exactly right. Because our convention mix is growing and becoming more profitable to us and because we see a strong convention calendar in 2018 and 2019, and because we're expanding our convention facilities right now at Aria and at MGM, and you weave that together with the expansion already at Mandalay that sets up a much stronger foundation for us to look at the rest of our rooms. From the rest of our rooms' perspective, we're becoming more intelligent about how we can shift leisure into transient. And that requires software that we're deploying. It requires a different philosophy which we're also deploying, but it also is as a result of the fact that we're more confident in our overall occupancies than before. And that's I guess the point that should be always made is that all of us out here, our competitors and ourselves, run these resorts at mid 90s occupancy. That's why RevPARs is so misleading. It's not about occupying the buildings. It's about occupying the buildings in a way that will generate the most profit to the resorts, not just to the hotel department of the resorts. The combination of this and the loyalty CRM marketing that's going to have an impact – increasing impact on the casino side is going to provide a revenue and profit growth that we did not anticipate when we started this about a year ago.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: And the one area where we have given pretty good direction is the convention side. We are around that 19%. With the additional space, if we now grew an extra 1%, it would really help on yielding the base. But I think that's about where we want to be in that area.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Of course. Thank you, guys. That's helpful. And then, Jim, you mentioned earlier some commentary around Fontainebleau. It sounds like something is closer obviously with that asset. Just from your experience and what you guys know about kind of the asset, it's current state, how long do you imagine it would take for someone to come in and get that asset viable and kind of up and running?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: I guess three years, 2.5 half years is the earliest, but I would say three years. And I guess the point I'd make. I love this town. We don't have as many rumors in Las Vegas as Macau, but we do hold our own that it would be more hotel centric than anything else. And obviously, up near a expanding and upgraded convention center, that would be very positive for the town and positive for Northern properties like Mirage and Circus Circus, of course. And I think that knowing what we know about our own portfolio, the level of interest we're getting on assets that are not already owned by MGP is very high. And we're a transactional company, and so I do expect that there will be opportunities, like we did with Crystals opportunistically to sell that asset at very attractive cap rate, I think there'll be other opportunities to monetize without changing the overall trajectory of what we're trying to accomplish here.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning. Just in terms of the gaming environment in Vegas, in the first quarter I think table volumes dropped 2%, slot volumes were flat this quarter. Table drop is down 3.5% and slot volumes are up 3.5%. So can you just talk about how the general environment is for gaming volumes? Thanks.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Sure. Do you want to start, Corey, or do you want me to go?
Unknown Speaker: Thomas, actually if you kind of look at our entire enterprise, including Aria, our table game volumes were actually flattish to slightly up so.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I think we're really happy where our volumes are coming off really a monster quarter the year before. When we look at our business, our international business is actually up, led by Far East, which is up very nicely, little bit offset by Latin, but most of our premium play comes from the Far East. The national side was up against a very tough comparison. So that would be down a little bit, but we're expecting to recover a lot of that because we expect to see many of those players that we know weren't here for the second quarter, we expect to see them in about a month.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, I mean that's obviously yes. One, I think we should start talking about Aria as part of our family more. I mean people look at Aria is like a separate than the rest of our portfolio. But we run Aria as we run any other property in terms of moving a business around and having customers make their decision. So that I think Cathy's point is a good one. But we anticipated a tough comp. That's why we had said in the second quarter that our gaming revenue is like going to down. We didn't anticipate 500 basis-point decrease in hold year-over-year. But we're going to have a tremendous amount of gaming volume coming in, in August. If people don't understand the impact on fights and this is not just a fight but a spectacle, just kind of watch TV. We've had a lot of people that said we're coming in August that did not come in June or July. They're coming in August and that will help. So I think that our feeling about gaming volumes here in town in terms of our own and our competitors is quite solid, particularly on the Far East side. And the standpoint of looking at what drivers that are events, and to have two fights in one quarter is something we've never had before. So we're hopeful that that has a gaming impact that we could be proud of. I think it will.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's helpful. Thank you. And just as a follow-up, now that we're in the second half of 2017, can you just talk a little bit about how you're thinking about 2018 on the Strip? Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure. I'll start and then anyone can jump in. One is our convention business looks like it will be at least as good, if it not better, in '18 versus '17. That's the base that I was referring to, and it's the manifestation of some conventions that I was alluding to before that have shifted from '17 into '18 as some of the big companies have consolidated some of their convention business. That's going to actually help us in '18. That's the first point. Second point is we'll have the benefit of the expansions of our conference facilities at Aria and emerging at MGM. That certainly helps captures much of the incremental business as we can. Thirdly, we're converting Monte Carlo, which has been at our lower end of our RevPAR, our ADR spectrum into Park MGM and NoMad, which will be at the upper end of our ADR spectrum in our portfolio. That will have a very, I think, nice impact not only on that resort but the neighborhood and we own the neighborhood. And so driving higher ADRs in New York, New York, driving better mix throughout that campus will be effective. The third, I would not ignore the fact that we're having our first professional sports team start in a couple months. The Golden Knights will be playing later this year throughout early '18, which sets up for very strong sports calendars that we expect to have in '18 and beyond, increasing sporting events to Las Vegas, whether it's more college, and/or more pros will have a big impact on the market. And we should do better than most on that. The airlines are – they're talking positively about '18 in terms of coming into McCarran, and the convention center itself, the Las Vegas Convention Center is also talking about a better year. So those are some of the macros that I know. I don't if you have any others?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yes. Just a few maybe offsets are ConAgra won't be in ...
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Good point. Good point.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: ...there is a shift of CES about a week, which we'll have a little bit of an impact because usually it's right after New Year's. But in general, we have strategies to attack both of those situations.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: That was a good point, Corey. Anything else, Dan, on that?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: No, I'm afraid not.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just on the margin front, are we still feeling good about the margin, Dan?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, I mean, we're actually – to be clear, we had said, what was our prior guidance?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: 50 basis points to 100 basis points.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: 50 basis points to 100 basis points, that's 25 basis points higher now. We feel like we know and you've seen it in the current quarter or currently reported quarter, our margins are ahead of pace. I think they will remain ahead of pace. And remember, in Las Vegas, I said it earlier, but every 1% increase in margin in Las Vegas is $14 million of profit. So we expect margins to continue to grow and to be up again in '18, and our target is to get into the mid 30s in terms of margin, and obviously we think we're well on our way there.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: And remember that margin growth is on top of the disruption we're experiencing at Monte Carlo. So we're fighting through that and still growing margins.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And I think we always will, Dan. I mean I think the point that we've made to folks is that when you own 42,000 hotel rooms here and you're driving this business for cash flow and to try to increase revenues going forward, you're going to, within the CapEx contours that we've stated, which we would reaffirm, we're able to reposition properties within a couple year period of time as we straddle years in terms of CapEx to dramatically increase profitability. It does have an impact in the near term at the property itself, like it is at Monte Carlo, but we have the benefit of having 10 resorts out here. And so we feel like we can drive revenue, margin growth, profitability even when one property is undergoing this type of transformation. And it won't be the last one we do. If we are successful in converting Monte Carlo to Park MGM as we expect and get the kind of returns on investment that are going to be outsized relative to other investments that we can make, we'll look at another property to tackle in the out years. And so I think that's part of portfolio management in terms of trying to drive revenue, profitability, and long-term growth while you are focusing on free cash.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. I wanted to ask just thinking about convention mix and things. And there was a comment that maybe Dan had made about like 19% mix, that maybe that's sort of kind of where you want to be. So is the idea that you are not necessarily going to grow convention mix next year? And I'm just wondering if you have an idea of how many conventions Las Vegas maybe sort of borrowed from the Moscone Convention Center in San Francisco this year since that's like fully closed in Q3 and partially closed for the full year? Just that there's a benefit this year, but maybe they move back when that reopens next year. And then just also to clarify your comments about the distribution channel shift, is it just sort of comping more rooms to gaming customers? Because you mentioned shifting some percentage into transient from leisure, but that I would think would actually raise RevPAR. So I'm trying to think about what channel shift would make RevPAR, would dampen it, to use your words. And is that just sort of comping more rooms to the casino channel? So thanks.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure. There are a bunch in there. We can all jump in in different ones. One is, we usually don't borrow conventions, we steal and keep them. And I think it unlikely that we'll lose anything back to the Moscone Center. In fact, we haven't so far. So, we'll see. But once people get here and they see the value proposition, and they see the delegation attendance up 20%, 30% versus the other host city, they tend to only, generally do not leave, but we'll see. The 19% reflects the fact CON/AGG is not here next year, so actually that we would say would be a very good outcome for our company and it's not the ceiling to it, it's just what our projection is at this point in time because of what we see on the books and the fact, we're expanding our convention facilities. You want to take the RevPAR one Corey or Dan?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Sure, so in the second quarter, our convention mix was actually down a little bit, and so that at a higher rate compared to the business that replaced it would have an impact on rate. We were actually down a little bit in casino room nights for the quarter. That was also purposely done. We once again in maximizing profitability, we took the lower end of that database and we changed the way we reinvest in them, but that would be the color of why the rate would have been down a little bit from that perspective.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And so the ADR, I mean, the RevPAR connection between RevPAR, what Robin was asking and profitability, you want to explain that? I mean, it's the margin on the incremental non-gaming room is higher because of our channel shift.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Sure. Even the gaming room plus the shift alone has probably got anywhere from a 25% to 50% profitability improvement by shifting out of those lower profitability channels. So, that's why I think you start seeing the increase in margin. That rate probably didn't replace the convention rate that we lost for the quarter.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Okay. And also these customers, not only gaming, but these customers spend a lot more money in entertainment, whether it's in our nightlife or food and beverage, our shows in general. They're becoming more sports oriented which is a focus of ours, event driven, park theater, so it's not only improving the gaming side without having – our comp levels haven't changed by the way, Robin, on that point, but it's improving our non-gaming non-hotel revenue
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: And it's also Robin being disciplined in the approach, right, because as Jim mentioned earlier, those two weeks in June two years ago, we may have reacted differently based on the information we had at hand. So, instead of chasing that non-profitable business in that softer two-week period, we stuck to our guns and as you saw in our ADRs, they were all up across The Strip except for Monte Carlo, and didn't go chase kind of that lower end business in that short time period, which is really in those lower end channels that to Corey's point, is where you find that really not profitable piece of business.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Katz with Telsey Group. Please go ahead.
David Brian Katz - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Hi, good morning, all. It's not my actual question, but I am curious whether if a fight only last 45 seconds, do people gamble more or less?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: It depends on who won.
David Brian Katz - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Everyone. I really wanted to ask about Borgata, and I want to make sure that I'm not missing something in that $101 million EBITDA number. As I recall the best year that that property had historically was a little over $200 million. The margin seems fairly high. Is there something in that $101 million that we should be backing out and what can we reasonably expect out of that property going forward?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, David, this is Dan. The quarter, Borgata benefited from a one-time property tax settlement. It was about $36 million. So, excluding that number, it was about $65 million of true operating profit from the core business. So, that is a one-time item in the quarter. You're right, Borgata I think at its peak did about $250 million-ish plus or minus in terms of overall EBITDA when it was part of the joint venture. But the team there has done an extraordinary job, both in the marketplace and working with our corporate team in integrating Borgata. As you saw in the release, in mid-June, we just brought them online and M life, which I think is going to be a big positive for both of them and the M life program. So we continue to expect some big things out of Borgata and that property going forward.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: And what I would add, David, the other thing we did when we came in is we took our profit growth plan initiatives and applied a lot of those to Borgata and we have seen some benefit from those also.
David Brian Katz - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Care to call it early innings?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: I'd say that's fair.
David Brian Katz - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Okay. Good enough. Thank you very much.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Thank you, David.
Unknown Speaker: We'll take the last question. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chad Beynon with Macquarie, please go ahead.
Chad Beynon - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just one from me on Macau, so either for Grant or anyone in Las Vegas. How should we think about the table application process as we near the opening of COTAI. I think we've learned a lot over the last year that the government wants something new and diversification of offerings which you guys are offering in the product, but how do you think about that and if you don't get your request, how should we think about some table shifts? Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: I'll start, maybe Grant, if in case Grant is asleep. We have not made our...
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: Oh, I'm not sleep. Go ahead.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: All right. I knew it. Okay. We've not made our submission yet in terms of tables. That is something you do towards the end of the process. We have focused a lot and you can see it on in our investor deck on the nongaming components to COTAI, which we believe are transformational in that market. It's very unique, particularly on the entertainment side, which we are noted for. All that plays into the government's decision around table allocations and we're going to do the best we can on that and based on what we get, Grant will decide how to move tables around.
Chad Beynon - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks very much, Jim.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Okay. You're welcome. So I just like to wrap up and say thank you for joining us. I'm proud of the effort in the second quarter in terms of executing on our plan. We're excited about the current quarter, having the second biggest fight of all time, it's a kind of fun. I'm excited about how in shape Mayweather is, I saw him in his gym a couple of nights ago, and I'm excited about what we have happening in the second half of the year. We're very clear on our direction here at the company in terms of maximizing our free cash flow, our capital expenditures are defined and declining and are unchanged from what we discussed with our community several times. We believe that results in significant growth in free cash and we intend to return that free cash to our shareholders. We have multiple levers ahead of us and some of them are imminent and that will enhance the overall return on capital to our shareholders as it relates to transactions that we talked about today. National Harbor couldn't be doing better from our perspective and is perfectly positioned to ultimately be owned by MGP. CityCenter is performing at an outstanding level, and also, is well-positioned to return more capital to its owners and perhaps provide more asset opportunities in terms of disposition. Macau is right around the corner in terms of the opening of COTAI and the impact of having such a beautiful property that we think will be very successful, the impact that will have to the MGM China shareholders. We will continue to build the company for the long-term but continue to reward our shareholders throughout this journey, and we will do so in the ways that have articulated. And I think that that will increase the value of the enterprise significantly over time. And with that, I'd like say thank you very much for joining us today. We're excited about the back half of the year and into 2018 and beyond. And as always, we're ready to take any of your questions. So, please give us a call. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International William Joseph Hornbuckle - MGM Resorts International
Analysts: Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Bill Hornbuckle, President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; and Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are currently in a listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please also note that today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo. Sir, you may begin.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Thank you, Jamie. And good morning and welcome everyone to the MGM Resorts International first quarter 2017 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in the press release, which is also available on our website. Please note that our supplemental earnings deck is posted on our website, which we hope you will continue to find helpful. Finally, this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mr. Jim Murren.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. We started of the year in 2017 very well, and I think that the first quarter results further demonstrates the power of the MGM platform and the strategies which we talked about and have executed upon. Also, the strength of the markets in which we operate and many of the investments that we have made. I'm really pleased to announce that these earnings on an earnings per share basis tripled in the first quarter. And our net revenue and adjusted EBITDA grew 23% and 36%, respectively. On a same-store basis, our domestic resorts grew net revenue and EBITDA by 6% and 15% respectively, driven primarily by continued strength here in Las Vegas. Borgata, which we consolidated into our portfolio last year, had an excellent quarter, and National Harbor is off to a great start in its first full quarter of operations. In Macau, MGM China's strong results continued to demonstrate our ability there to consistently outperform our fair share in that very dynamic market. First, here at home, in the first quarter in Las Vegas, we achieved Strip revenue and EBITDA growth of 7% and 17%, respectively. We really are executing across all segments of our business including hotel, casino, food and beverage and entertainment. The quarter, of course, was aided by a strong convention business calendar and a favorable Easter calendar shift. But we also continued to drive margin improvement while delivering consistent quality experiences to our customers. In the first quarter, Strip margins grew 290 basis points to 33%, driven in part by strong revenue growth and our company-wide continuous improvement efforts to maximize the profitability of our business. Table game hold was modestly above our normal range. Our normal range is of between 21% and 25%. Also in the first quarter, if you recall, we guided to a 7% Strip RevPAR. We ultimately achieved 8.6%. Clearly, the quarter benefited from CON/AGG and that calendar shift. However, even excluding these benefits, we would have grown RevPAR by approximately 4% in the first quarter. And this is due to the execution of the strategies we've discussed building a very strong convention base and maximizing all of our other channels including a good mix shift into FIT in the quarter. CityCenter had an exceptional quarter. Both Aria and Vdara produced an all-time record quarter in revenue, EBITDA and margins. Aria ended the quarter just shy of $100 of EBITDA and margins of 36%, and they're nipping at Bellagio's heels. Bellagio had margins of 38%, so, of course, it's nice to say that Bellagio and Aria are clearly the market leaders here in terms of efficiency, margin, productivity, and Aria and Bellagio obviously continue to be top-performing assets within Las Vegas and, of course, the MGM portfolio. This year the CityCenter board capitalized on these strong operating results to execute a dividend refinancing of the property. In April, CityCenter distributed a total of $600 million of ordinary and special dividends to its sponsors. To put this in perspective, over the past three years, CityCenter has paid out over $2 billion of dividends to its shareholders and remains very well capitalized with very prudent leverage and attractive free cash flow. We're looking for further opportunities to grow and further opportunities to use our product offerings to maximize our ability to drive guest experiences. We're obviously ahead of the curve when we expanded the Mandalay Bay Convention Center. That's already delivered significant returns to us and have allowed us to grow our group business. Aria is slated to open its 200,000-square-foot convention space expansion by early next year. And we're now in a position to begin working toward expanding MGM Grand's conference space. We're actually also looking at exploring some space here at Bellagio as well. And work is progressing with the Sydell Group on the transformation of Monte Carlo to Park MGM and NoMad. We took our first step in December when we opened our 5,200 seat park theater and we will continue to rollout these new guest experiences and amenities, including a completely remodeled room product throughout this year and next. We've also been working to work with our partners to find the best and most profitable outcomes for our results. We did this recently with Topgolf bringing an innovative and complementary entertainment concept to MGM Grand and the city, and we're going to do this again with an experience with Allied Esports in converting Luxor's nightclub space into the first Esports arena on the Strip. Partnerships are not new to us. It's something we actually excel at and none is better evidenced in my mind than when we teamed up with AEG to create T-Mobile Arena. We just celebrated its first anniversary and it has already set new standards for not only venue design and amenities, but it is one of the busiest arenas in the world, validating our investment and our partnership with AEG. In fact, we just recently announced a long-term content deal with UFC and we're all looking forward to welcoming the city's first professional sports team, The Vegas Golden Knights, this fall. Entertainment continues to be a key driver for our company and the primary reason people visit our resorts. And our forward calendar this year is shaping up well across all of our larger scale venues in the United States. And with T-Mobile and the new Park Theater, we're on-track to more than double the number of shows hosted in our large scale events this year versus last year. Over on the East Coast, MGM National Harbor completed its first full quarter of operations and we are very pleased with how the property is performing overall. We finished the quarter as the market leader, commanding a 30% share in the region and the only property in the region with a fair share of premium. Our table games are performing very well, with a win per unit per day of over $5,800, and poker is also running ahead of our expectations. Slots are doing well as well, with a $261 win per unit per day in the first quarter. And we believe that there's substantial opportunity to grow this as we optimize our slot floor and leverage our targeted marketing efforts. And like any new property, it takes time to ramp-up that floor and build our database. But that said, we are pleased that we have added over 240,000 new members to our M life Rewards program. And we're very encouraged by the consistent pace of the sign-ups we continue to see. We know that we're off to a good start there, but we see opportunities to continue at National Harbor to grow revenue, grow margins and grow cash flows and we intend to do so. Over in Atlantic City, Borgata posted another great quarter and is the undisputed leader in the market. In fact, they had a record March in slot revenue and continue to post strong top-line numbers. We're extremely pleased with how the acquisition has worked out for MGM Resorts and MGP. And our team at Borgata has done an outstanding job. That team and our teams across our company have been working seamlessly on the transition to our M life loyalty program which will be done this summer. And we believe that will positively impact both Borgata and the Las Vegas properties with cross-property play. There may be some downtime because of the transition to the current rewards – from the current reward system to M life. But we've done this before and we expect to be able to minimize that disruption to our customers. In Macau, MGM China reported a great first quarter with revenues increasing by 7% year-over-year and EBITDA increasing 25%. MGM Macau continues to capture more than our fair share despite the new competition in this very rapidly changing marketplace. We continue to see growth and opportunity in our mass business supported by premium mass. And we remain optimistic about the market's recent uptick in VIP. Grant's on the line, and of course, he'll be available to talk about that. We're progressing on the construction of MGM Cotai as we look forward to the opening of that second resort, our second resort in Macau, which we will open later this year. It will have roughly 1,400 hotel rooms and suites, great meeting space, spas, retail offerings, a very diverse lineup of F&B and Asia's first-of-its-kind theater. The entertainment component alone, we believe, will help drive greater diversification in the market and bring Macau further into this diversification of hospitality and global tourism. So, looking ahead into the current quarter, our second quarter, this as we've been saying for a while, will be one of the toughest comparisons we have this year given the Easter calendar shift in April, and that's going to impact convention room nights. Our second quarter of 2016 also benefited from higher-than-normal table games hold. It was specifically 25.6%. And as a result of those two factors, we believe our Strip revenues will be about flat, relatively consistent with the second quarter of last year, with casino revenues likely being down slightly and non-gaming revenues being up. And we're projecting Strip RevPAR to be up 1.5% to 2.5% against that tough comp. And margins will be probably essentially flat from a year ago. We continue to expect our full-year targets to remain, as we've said, unchanged. We expect that we can achieve Las Vegas Strip revenue growth of the low to mid-single digits. We think that our RevPAR will grow 4% or 5% for the year. We expect margin improvement this year of 50 basis points to 100 basis points versus where we ended up in 2016. And the macro picture here in Las Vegas, fortunately, continues to bode favorably for everyone here especially given the limited expected supply growth, the very healthy convention and leisure demand, and the overall strength in the U.S. consumer. We've had a clear vision for this company since I became the CEO. And with the execution of those strategies over the past many years, this vision has come to fruition. We are the premier owner operator of some of the best entertainment assets in the world. We have transformed this company from the inside-out to fully embrace a one company, one culture mindset to leverage our scale and the high standards for excellence and to continuously elevate our business. We have developed the culture of continuous improvement that has allowed us to provide growth opportunities to the best talent we have in our company and to become the employer of choice in this industry for newly recruited talent, and we have developed talent from within. We have a very deep bench of highly experienced people that have been promoted and are driving innovation. And we constantly strive to optimize our company structure with these long-term sustainable benefits in mind. We're very excited about the fact that our free cash flow prospects this year and beyond are so favorable. We're moving out of a development stage and into this operation stage, and we believe that will substantially increase our free cash flow. We're going to maintain a strong balance sheet. We are disciplined in terms of capital allocation and returning value to our shareholders will continue to be the top of the board and the management's priorities. Every decision that we make is deliberate and centered around this vision. And we will continue to do so going forward as we build upon this organization and build upon our competitive advantages in Las Vegas, Macau, our regional markets, or anywhere else across the globe where we will call home. And with that, operator, I'd like to turn it back over to you, so we can get to the Q&A.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we'll begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question today comes from Harry Curtis from Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead with your question.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Hey. Good morning, everyone. There are a lot of places where we could begin, but I wanted to start with Cotai. A question we get often is what's behind the delay. And is it systems? Is it construction? Are you reconfiguring it in one way, shape or form, particularly given how the VIP numbers have started to lift? Grant, if you could just give us some sense of where this is going, particularly on the marketing side, as you open?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: Okay. Well, I think, everyone understands building anywhere in the world is complicated, and I think everyone have seen from all the other operators it's probably just as complicated in Macau. We're very, very committed to making sure we do something different. We need to be bringing something unique into the market, and that's really the crux that – the key aspect for us. And we've said it quarter-after-quarter, it's about getting it right. Picking up on your point, Harry, about the VIP, yes, it's starting to move, that seems to be positive. There is an uptick with civil operators, and I think we've consistently heard that. I just want to reiterate though that in terms of our mass business, ours is continuing to be very strong, very important for us that we manage that portfolio. With only one operating business unit at the moment, that does put us into something of an advantage. But the critical point is that we are starting to build out the combined business unit strategy between Macau and Cotai. And we will be launching in the not too distant future, a very significant marketing program that starts reinforcing and building on that brand values that Jim was talking about in the presentation. That's what's critical for us, is making sure we get the property right, get the messaging right, get all of the activities that we need to put in place. Specifically with VIP, I'm very comfortable now that we have got in the pipeline some additional VIP operators that will be new to us coming into our property in Macau. And so, that's all part of building out this whole MGM Macau presence, rather than just simply saying Cotai property or Macau property is really important to us. Is that sort of the direction you're looking for, Harry? Is there anything else I can add?
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: That's very helpful. It's – there'll probably be some additional questions on that. But I wanted to move over to Dan. I had question on a new slide that you presented, page 24, when you discussed free cash flow. And, Dan, can you give us a sense of as we get deeper into this year, your perspective of how your domestic free cash flow is likely to evolve?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Well, sure, Harry. Look, what we tried to do at 24 is give the investment community, kind of the building blocks of that domestic profile and look of how all of the pieces are coming together to give you better perspective of that sources and uses more or less. So, that's what 24 really gives folks. It isolates the domestic group apart from MGP and MGM China. And I think as we continue to move throughout the year, as Jim mentioned earlier, and move beyond our development cycle here with the close-out of National Harbor, obviously, we'll be finishing this year and next year, Springfield, and getting that opened by September of next year, we'll be heavily out of that capital intensive development cycle and see our cash flow – free cash flow continuing to improve and grow as not only we grow operationally and maximize our profitability at our existing properties. We bring on Borgata for the full year, continue to ramp-up National Harbor and the lowering of the development capital will just have a profound impact on growing our free cash flow profile starting this year and into next year.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: But can you – I guess, as a follow-up, can you discuss the timing or the pacing of how your CapEx actually winds down this year and next?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Well, sure. I mean, obviously, we've laid out what our capital plans are in terms of not only our maintenance and our same-store property growth capital, but our project plan. So, I think, we have about another $80 million-ish to close out National Harbor's construction cost. We'll spend about $240 million, $250 million this year in total for Springfield and a little less next year in completing that property. I think, it's around $230 million, $240 million for Springfield next year. But those are really the only two remaining large pieces of capital. And then, of course, from time to time, you're going to see kind of us pulling on the various levers and opportunities we have much like you saw here in April with our ability to bring $300 million back into this restricted group from CityCenter. So, it's going to continue to build. It will be a little bit choppy because of some of those positive effects like CityCenter coming in from time to time and future dividends from Macau as Grant, Bill and our construction team bring that project to its completion later this year and ramp up next year. I would expect those dividends to pick up in 2018 and 2019 as well. So, there's a lot more of positive inputs coming in over the next two years than just the incremental free cash flow on a same-store basis.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And Dan – maybe just to add to that, Harry, I think, you're just focused on CapEx. So, just if you looked out the last – next three years or four years, our CapEx is $400 million, $500 million a year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yes. I think, this year – for our properties, it's about $540 million this year which is inclusive of the Park MGM and NoMad...
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Right.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: – construction which is probably a couple hundred million in that number, this year alone.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Right. But I means if you were going to model out over the next three – I mean, if you're doing like a three year or four year model, you're going to figure CapEx is no more than $500 million a year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Right. Yeah.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And we have no projects of any material nature like Springfield or National Harbor on the horizon.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Beyond 2018, that's right.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: So, we have – and in that $400 million, $500 million a year is all our room remodels, all the refreshes, expansions to convention centers. All the areas that we spend money on to continue to grow our market share and our market. So, that's what I was trying to allude to Harry is that we just had a major capital finish at National Harbor that's tailing out right now. We're going to finish Springfield, and there's no new project down the horizon in the United States and we like what we own. And so, we believe with our operating revenues and cash flows growing and our CapEx to be completely controlled by ourselves and very definable, that's where you lead to – even before dividends, that's where you lead to rapidly accelerating operating free cash flow.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: That's great. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Harry.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, everybody.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Hey, Joe.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Maybe this is a question for Corey, but whoever wants to answer it. Can you talk about how next year's convention room night on the Las Vegas Strip look? And if you want to talk about it in terms of pacing versus a year ago, and maybe you can talk about it both with and without the impact of this year's CON/AGG CONEXPO?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Sure, Joe. It looks pretty big and similar to few years ago when CONEXPO rotated out. We actually are in a similar spot to where we are this year. We're a little bit behind in the first quarter, but we're really comfortable that we'll be able to fill that spot there for CONEXPO. But in general, the rest of the quarters are actually looking very comparable to where we are today.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And the pricing for those room nights versus this year?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. Pricing – we continue to be able to raise prices in this segment, so it's up.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. And, in fact, Joe, I mean, right now, we have NAB, of course, in town, right? Corey and Bill, Dan? It's performing extremely well for the market. Well, I could say it's performing extremely well for us and probably for the market. So, here we are in the second quarter. That's doing well. I was with the CEO of a very, very large tech company yesterday, and he's looking to move more business to Las Vegas from another state in the United States. So, there's a lot of untapped potential for the market, which will benefit our competitors, ourselves, and the convention center at large.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you. And then maybe this is a question for you, Jim, and, Grant, over in Asia. Obviously, we're not seeing it so much in the 1Q here but – and I asked this question last night on another gaming conference call. Are you starting to see any signs of the Chinese consumer returning to Las Vegas, and do you think what's going on maybe some of the dynamics in China and Macau are actually encouraging those players to stay closer to home in Macau? Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: You want to tackle that, Grant?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: Sure. I'll start. I think, Joe, what we're seeing, let's start to talk about China itself. If you start looking at consumer trends in China, there is clearly momentum building in the consumer products market. If you look at some of the areas that the Chinese use as their own indicators, they're starting to improve. There's starting to be some momentum. We're clearly starting to see it coming into Macau, and that's all very positive for us. And I think to your point about geopolitical issues, I think that hopefully that those people within China will play within China. But I think, if they're going to travel, and obviously that's probably something that Jim and Corey and Dan, et cetera, can have a view on, but they're also seeing the United States as a positive destination, too. So, all of the indicators at the moment within China are positive. And I see most of the issues that we see in the world being positive for Macau, certainly.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: And, Joe, here in Las Vegas, as we pointed out, I think, it was last fall, we started to see players coming back into the market. The most recent data point is really around Chinese New Year. So we had a really good showing around Chinese New Year with our customers in terms of numbers and volume up this Chinese New Year versus last year. And as you recall, the last couple of Chinese New Year's periods, we're actually down and we were down double-digits against each of the prior years. So, we have seen that pick up recently with respect to play coming out of China and Asia, broadly speaking, which is a good sign.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: And I would say, Joe, on our bigger customers, the people like 50,000 and above, the number of trips are actually up in the first quarter for that region.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you, guys.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks. Good morning. Jim, I think you laid out pretty clearly the second quarter and some of the challenges there. I wanted to talk a little bit about what is actually the toughest comp quarter of the year, the 3Q? And maybe, Corey, if you could help better frame or help us better understand the influence of having that Microsoft business in the quarter? And in a period with a lot less visibility, what it's like to have 4% or 5% of your room nights, kind of on the books already with that. And what it may allow you to do with pricing?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Hey, Corey, do you want me to start?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: He's referring to Corey.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: He said Corey, but I'll start. You know, it's – when we were more concerned about the third quarter that was before we had the Microsoft business on the books. That clearly helps us profoundly in the quarter in terms of not only the business itself but, as you suggest, how we can plan around the rest of the market. We had a very, very strong third quarter, that's why it is a challenging quarter. But we're seeing, and I was with Mike Dominguez yesterday with this very large tech CEO, and he's seeing some business coming into the third quarter, not only because Microsoft is going to be here, we're getting some ancillary business that's being booked, but also just general in the quarter, in the year, for the year for the quarter. So, yeah, tough quarter, tough comp but we did better than we thought in the first quarter, as I said, that April here, NAB is better than we predicted, it's sort of good bellwether even though there's a tough comp this quarter, we are seeing good growth and we're just going to do our best. We've been outperforming our expectations, and we're just going to do our best in terms of the convention side. One thing I alluded to, and maybe Corey can get in more specifically, is our mix shift, one of the things that helped us in the current quarter, right, Corey, is shift out of leisure into FIT?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: That's right.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: So, how that's going to look, Corey?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Over the last few quarters, we've been really focused on that. We actually shifted probably about 2% into that FIT channel. We haven't talked about this in a long time but, actually, the premium in that channel compared to the leisure channel, could be anywhere from $30 to $60 depending on the season of the year. So, with the convention base, it allows us to do it. When you look at Microsoft has done for us now in the third quarter, we're actually ahead of convention room nights on the books compared to the prior year now with that. So, it's allowed us to solidify our base. Our convention rate actually is a little higher now which should hopefully allow us to yield our rates up a little better than normal. Just as a reminder, summer times are – there's peak times when there's decent convention business, and where there's not, it's a – we'll always fill the rooms but the rate's always a little bit of a challenge.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right. Great. That's very helpful. Thank you, guys. And then if I could just one follow-up, Jim, you talked a little bit earlier about capital returns and, obviously, as you look at the free cash flow profile over the next 12 months, 18 months, 24 months, there is clearly going to be a lot of discretion with your cash going forward as you – especially once Cotai is open. How do we or how do you guys right now – if you look at it right now, 24 months out, how are you kind of thinking about the buyback? Obviously, dividend in place as of last quarter and other kind of capital returns, or capital needs for things that maybe haven't necessarily come to fruition yet in terms of projects or expansions?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure. We spend probably, Dan what – I would say the majority of the discussions we have at the board level is that over the past several years, we've been good forecasters internally of our business. We've laid out a rolling five-year plan to our board over the past many years. And fortunately for us, we've been executing on that five-year plan. So the board is – this is not a new discussion to the board. We've discussed what we're going to do and how we evolve our investment decisions as we go from 2014 to 2015, 2015 to 2016, 2016 to 2017 and beyond. And it is the board's belief that we have high confidence in where our numbers are going over the next three years. We see our competitive position in our marketplace. We think we have a better understanding than most of the macro dynamics within the markets in which we currently operate. We are very confident in our property positioning. We have no looming capital needs, no deferred maintenance, no projects that we put on hold that need to be jumpstarted. Our capital spend is very well defined, and will be very, very highly scrutinized by our board over the next several years. We have no interest in building for growth's sake, and we have no interest in expanding for expansion's sake. We like what we own. We like the markets that we're in. And in order for us to get attracted to anything else it has to be outsized in terms of its potential return to shareholders. So, with that in mind, if we know where we are in a market – in all our markets, and we know very clearly what we believe our capital expenditures will be, and we have this stated goal of being in the 3 to 4 times leverage range, which we're knocking on that door, then the logical discussion evolves to what you do with that excess free cash. And we concluded that the first best use of that was to institute the quarterly dividend and expect that that dividend will grow over time. But share repurchase clearly has been something we've discussed at the board level for three years. It is not a matter of if we are going to do that, it's a matter of when we do it. And I would say that a board as engaged as ours, that spends as much time on this as our board does, that meets us often as we do a year, about eight times a year, we will have constant updates for you. As of right now, here in April, we believe that our path is well-understood and that we are using the cash that we have appropriately. And that share repurchase today, this day, is not the right idea. But, we do believe that it is our job to return the capital that we are generating to our owners. And that's going to be making sure that we grow our revenues and cash flow. Making sure our competitive advantages are there. Making sure that we have a fortress balance sheet that will protect us against any unforeseen event. And making sure that we have the ability to return the capital in the form of dividends and share repurchase in the future.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That was very thorough. Thank you very much, Jim. Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Carlos.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning. Just on the regional properties, I was impressed by the flow through at both Detroit and Borgata. I'm wondering, are you starting to roll out programs there? Are you just starting to roll out programs there? And then on National Harbor, is there an opportunity on margins there?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: So, on Detroit, they've been rolling out programs consistently with our PGP initiatives. And there's still some opportunities there. They're probably a little bit behind. With the Borgata acquisition, we've matched up all our initiatives with what they could potentially achieve. And yes, we are seeing results from those in the first quarter. And we expect to see results from them throughout the year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: National Harbor.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: National Harbor – margins?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: On National Harbor margins, yeah, we think there's a lot of opportunities there to improve them, stabilize. The workforce is stabilized now which is a positive thing now. It's matching forecasts with volumes and implementing some PGP initiatives there that we probably delayed for their opening to make sure that they could execute for their opening.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Helpful, thanks. And just as my follow-up. It was helpful, the new slide you put in showing the hold adjustments. But one thing that stood out was that you had five quarters in a row of high hold. Did you think about thinking of maybe increasing the theoretical hold?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Well, Thomas, this is Dan. We've looked at it and we studied it and obviously it'll be something we continually look at. We feel comfortable that 21% to 25% is the right range. And obviously, it'd be something we continue to evaluate. A lot of the initiatives and a lot of the approach that we've taken over the past 18 months to 24 months with respect to how we drive profitability in our table games business is driving some of that increase, and we'll continue to monitor that, but based on the work that we've done thus far looking at the past couple of years, 21% to 25% seems to be the right range in terms of that hold percentage.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. If you went back five years, you would say, you shouldn't change the range.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yes. Yes.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: So, we get the point. We're going to watch it, quarter-to-quarter, but we did a lot of work on this and we've gone back over the last three years to five years, and that's a right amount of range. We might be able to tighten it up and, hopefully, move it up at some point.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. So, guys, so realizing that your 2017 EBITDA guidance provided at the Investor Day is old news, given everything that's happened since then. I was just hoping you could frame for us how you're thinking about full-year EBITDA now year-over-year? Should we expect to see growth year-over-year? I just think it would be helpful if you could give us a bridge as we think about that particularly given that the second quarter could be kind of flattish and then there was also the gain on sale on assets which makes for a tougher comp?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Well, sure, Felicia. I think, when you look at our full year, and the guidance and color we've given, we do believe that for the full year, we'll be able to grow low to mid-single digits on the top line and improve our margins by 50 basis points to 100 basis points. So, that would put us in kind of the 30% to 31% range overall in terms of our margins. That's adjusting for some of the ins and outs from the prior year as well as really kind of normalizing the hold overall as we look at our Strip performance and the guidance we've given for 2017. Probably one of the bigger deltas from the Investor Day is really the timing of MGM Cotai as when we're putting those models together last year for the Investor Day, Cotai was still on target for an early 2017 opening. And, obviously, with the later opening, that pushed that timing out and that impact to the model. That's probably the biggest singular change. As always, ins and outs and odds and ends. But we feel pretty good that here in Las Vegas, we'll be able to continue to grow and maximize the opportunity here, the regionals as well. And, obviously, you've seen the power of Detroit, Borgata and our ability to ramp with National Harbor coming online this year. So, we feel good about directionally where we're heading overall for 2017.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. I think just to be clear because I might not have been clear, I was really more talking about second half because you gave the guidance in the deck, I saw that, but you guys – you had the upside in the first quarter, flattish in the second quarter. So, I just wanted to kind of confirm that you do actually see growth in the second half.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yes, we do.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: We do. Yeah. The biggest change from that deck is the shift of the opening of Cotai, Felicia. But operationally, we remain on track.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then you completed your PGP program ahead of plan. So, I was just wondering if you could talk about what drove the acceleration. And then as you think about the next several years, how should we think about profitability drivers with that program being completed?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, do you want me to do it, or Corey, you want to do it.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: You start and I'll...
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: I'll start. So, the way we were able to upsize it and get it done so quickly is to create top-down focus in this whole organization. It wasn't an initiative that was sidelined by a handful of people, it was pervasive throughout the entire organization. And there's no one here at this company that is not acutely aware of what we've been doing, now I'm talking tens of thousands of people. So, it takes a very coordinated effort, it also takes a very focused effort in the project management office, that has since its inception been led by Jeff Gebben, who is a rock star. And – so, we went into this with good guidance from other companies that are Fortune 100 companies that really helped us a lot. We went in this with good guidance with Bain as our consultant. And we have really taken it on-board as a change of our lifestyle here. And it has led to not only what you saw financially, but it has led to a morale accelerator here and really a cultural boost. And so, we believe that this is a program that's now just part of our life. As it relates to what it means for the future, we – as we said, we think we understand our business quite well and we're expecting 50 basis point to 100 basis point increase in our margins against a pretty good year in 2016. And we don't think we're going to end there. We expect and would be disappointed if we can't grow margins every year over the next three years or four years because we continuously find ways to do our business better. And so, I don't know where this journey is going to end, but it's not going to end this year and I expect continued leadership in our industry in terms of margin, in terms of the absolute margin, and the growth of the margin.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: And what I would add is continuous improvement is now part of our culture, and it's actually part of our compensation plans and everything else. All of our executives are bonused on it. We have a list of initiatives we could constantly and continue to work on that have some pretty good size. And with the change in technology and the advancement in analytics and eventually AI, there's probably numerous opportunities out there to constantly find new ways to make additional EBITDA. The great thing about the PMO office is it gives us the structure to sustain what we have already achieved, but also continue then look for new opportunities which some we could accelerate because they're easier, and some are a little bit harder, but there's still opportunities out there.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. Dan, just a quickie, on the hold impact this quarter, how much did it benefit and were there specific properties that had higher holds that you want to call out?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Mirage held exceptionally well. Bellagio was a benefactor of that hold, and I would say MGM Grand was not a benefactor of hold in the quarter, if I was to look at the highs and lows in the quarter.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: That's right.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And the total net was?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: I think we said in the appendix of the deck.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yes.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Oh. I understand.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: $16 million.
Unknown Speaker: But that is the normalized, the midpoint of the normal range.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Right.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: We held couple of basis points just higher than the high end of the range at 25.2.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes. And that was about mid-teens, right? Mid-teens millions?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: EBITDA.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: In EBITDA.
Unknown Speaker: Yeah. Yeah. 16.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: 16.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Unknown Speaker: And that's (47:32) numbers.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes. Okay. Thanks so much.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Felicia.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for all the additional disclosures. So, I was just maybe wondering with follow-up on National Harbor. I know, it's smaller, but when we think about opportunities in the second half of the year. I think, the game plan there eventually was still to look to partner with MGP for that property. And so, looking at the ramp right now, Jim, what do you think is the right timeline to kind of be considering the next steps for National Harbor?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure. So, when we were on the road with the MGP road show, we – last year, we tackled this question. We said that it was our best guess at that time that the most appropriate time to discuss a transaction between MGM and MGP would have been after you have a couple quarters of operations. So, that both companies can properly underwrite what the right valuation would be. And I think that's exactly are the timetable that we're on today. National Harbor has done everything and a bit more than we had hoped it to do when we built it last year. The trajectory is exactly what we would have hoped to see. The upside is very apparent to us in terms of its cash flow potential and the real estate value of the asset is unquestionably pristine. And so, I would expect that we would hold to that time table that we discussed on the road show and start having robust discussions this year as early as the third quarter.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you for that. And then, I guess, the second area, it sort of goes along with the same idea is obviously through the Borgata transaction MGM actually increased its stake in MGP and we continue to hear from investors that liquidity at MGP is one of the bigger challenges for possibly people not actually owning more of that company. So, curious for MGM's appetite to possibly either proactively sell down there or continue to look for or do you expect to think that the opportunity there is really going to be to shrink MGM stake through third party growth on the MGP side.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. So, I think that as an MGP shareholder. I like the scarcity value, and I like my position, but we do believe that MGP would benefit from and would be definitely benefiting from more liquidity and that is absolutely a goal of MGP is to increase its public float and it will do so because James Stewart who I'm looking at and Andy are aggressive young men and they're out on the prowl and they will be acquiring assets, and I'm sure they will be acquiring assets that MGM Resorts has nothing to do with. And they will be raising equity to do that. I also believe that even in a transaction with MGM Resorts, it's something that MGM Resorts should look at and allow for us to return cash to our shareholders rather than take back OP units just as a matter of course. And so, I think that between the ROFO assets, which we can always tailor in terms of our consideration, in terms of OP units or cash, and third-party transactions, the public float of MGP will go up pretty profoundly over the next several years without MGM Resorts having to or wanting to do a secondary just for secondary's sake. And so, I think that the objectives of the investors that would like to see more public floated MGP will be achieved through what I believe to be very substantial growth in that company and growth that will be done with the balance sheet rigor that Andy and James have promised.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. I think it's really clear. Thank you very much.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Shaun.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, our last question for the day comes from Robin Farley from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. One Vegas question and one for Macau. In Vegas, can you just remind us how the convention mix, the percent is tracking for 2017 overall versus 2016? And then your comments, you talked a little bit about pacing in 2018 like behind in Q1, but the rest of the quarters comparable. So, where would you expect 2018 overall, that mix to end up versus where you think 2017 will be? Thanks.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: So, Robin, for 2017, we feel that – and remember, we're coming off a record year in 2016, that will be at least as good as we were in 2016. Our goal is to be a touch better than that. So, we finished up 2016 at 19% mix. Where our goal is to be 19%, kind of 19.5% kind of range for 2017 that we're on pace for right now.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And that would be our 2018 goal also.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. So, in other words, the 2018 mix kind of similar to 2017 mix because of the CON/AGG comps, is that fair?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Correct.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then for Macau, I'm just curious if there was any collection that you had reserved against that might have ended up helping EBITDA. We saw that at some of the other operators in Macau that some collections that had been reserved against already ended up, and then – so the gain kind of runs through and helps EBITDA. Just wondering if anything like that?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: Yes, Robin. There was some, about $3 million, but that was – that's relatively small within the bigger scheme of things.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks. And maybe just a last question on Macau. With the concession set to expire in 2020, do you have a thought about when those discussions might begin with the government about the renewal process, or the revisiting process for that, is that something that you would expect to happen in 2018, or sooner?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: Well, I think, the bottom line is as far as we're concerned, we are working on the renewal every day. And I think that's what's really important. And the most important component of the renewal process for us is getting Cotai opened successfully, demonstrating our commitment to the marketplace and continuing to develop all those things we're looking at. From everything we are hearing, all the gaming concessionaires are obviously very focused on meeting the expectations of the government. But at the same time, I don't see that there is much of an incentive for the government to move too quickly on the other side of that agenda. But I think there is no indications that we've seen or heard, that suggests that there will be significant changes to existing conditions. However, we all need to work on it every day and we just need to commit ourselves to delivering on the expectations that have been set for us.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Good. And thank you, Robin. I'd add. It's Jim. Grant and I were together with senior officials only recently; we got very good feedback, not only about our Cotai project, which is really – I hope you had a chance to take a look at some of the run. It is really coming out beautifully. And it is going to open this year in the fourth quarter and probably right around – right after Golden Week, probably. But it's going to open this year for sure and it's going to be very spectacular. And there's a high-degree of enthusiasm in China and in Macau for that opening, as well as the continuation of MGM's presence in the marketplace. So, we feel that's critical to us, particularly as MGM is spending increasing time in the region as we go from Macau over to Japan, where I seem to be about every month, Bill. And when I'm not there, you're there.
William Joseph Hornbuckle - MGM Resorts International: (56:38).
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And, look – and maybe that's a good way to finish this. Japan, as we all know, is the largest potential opportunity that has been presented to gaming operators globally. It has the promise of being a spectacular market and all indications are that the government is moving deliberately toward the ultimate passage of the implementation act, which would lead us into an RFP period. There is all kinds of game theory around this in terms of how this is going to play out, and some actually believe they have the "pole" position. But I could say a few things very confidently. One is that MGM is extremely active in the country, that our values, our track record of being great partners, whether it's at CityCenter, or National Harbor, or Macau, is well received. Our ability to design and deliver architecturally iconic, culturally relevant, and environmentally-friendly resorts has not been lost on everybody that we have talked to in Japan. And we believe that this is going to be the most competitive process that the gaming industry globally has ever undertaken, and that the only thing we can promise our shareholders is that we are going to outwork everybody. And we think we have as good a chance, if not a better chance, than anyone. But make no mistake, when the questions were talked about throughout this call about capital allocation, this company is running this company to grow its cash flows to create that fortress balance sheet to maximize our free cash, and will not distract itself on other gaming opportunities, other growth opportunities that would derail what we believe to be the single greatest potential opportunity that we are fortunate enough now to have the balance sheet, the operating expertise, the scale, the development and operations people and the brands to be able to be a leader, at least a leader in that competitive bidding process. And that is we got our eye on that prize and we're not going to lose sight of that. So, with that, I think, we've come to our end. We all – as always, appreciate the participation. And we'll all be here to answer any follow-up questions that you may have and please enjoy your day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we will conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for attending. You may now disconnect your telephone lines.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International Cathy Santoro - MGM Resorts International Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International Christopher W. Nordling - MGM Resorts International Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited
Analysts: Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kenneth Fong - Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Ltd. Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Bill Hornbuckle, President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; and Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please also note that today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Well, thank you, Jamie, and good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts fourth quarter and full-year 2016 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. During the call, we'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in the press release, which is also available on our website. Please note that our supplemental earnings deck is posted on our website which we hope you will continue to find helpful. Finally note, this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mr. Jim Murren.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, thank you, Dan. And good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by saying that we had a tremendous year in 2016. Our domestic resorts on a same-store basis grew its revenues and cash flows by 4% and 17% respectively, and that's the best performance since 2007. And with the addition of Borgata National Harbor our revenues and EBITDA increased 9% and 22% respectively. The CityCenter campus had a really tremendous year and Aria produced record EBITDA and EBITDA margins as well. Here at Bellagio, we had record revenues, RevPAR, EBITDA and margins, in other words the most profitable resort in Las Vegas in 2016. The regional properties continued to lead their market, MGM Grand Detroit and Gold Strike had record cash flows for the year. And MGM China continued to outpace its fair market share in Macau, which is of course impressive given the significant capacity increase that has entered into that marketplace. I want to pause for a moment in looking at the – where our stock is and clear up a little bit of confusion, and also apologize for that. I think, we should have been more clear in our third quarter call. We did discuss that the fourth quarter would be challenging as a result of the timing of the Jewish holidays. And between the holiday shift and the timing of a big group, literally one big group, the impact in the quarter, the fourth quarter was about $19 million, almost $20 million of EBITDA. If you look at the second half of last year, because we obviously benefited from that in the third quarter, as a whole, we had a great second half. Cash flow was up 19% in the second half last year, RevPAR was up 6.8%, and our margins were up 320 basis points with a 29.3% margin. And for the employees on the phone too, I'm sorry, for that confusion, we could have done a better job explaining that and also telling you what great job you have done. And on that great job, I want to talk about the profit growth plan. It was a great success last year. We closed the year 15% ahead of our original 2016 target. We've now delivered over $340 million of incremental cash flow since we began the plan. We've improved our domestic same-store margins by 340 basis points year-over-year, and that is – means from just over 26% to 30% EBITDA margins in just one year. As of year-end, we implemented most of the ideas that were part of that original plan and we have – we're run rating now at our $400 million target. We expect to actualize that target, $400 million, in incremental cash flow benefit in the first half of this year, which is also ahead of our original target of year-end 2017. And this is because we've transformed the culture at MGM Resorts and we've kick started this endeavor really ushering a new era here, new way of life on how we operate our business, which we believe lays the ground work for continuous improvement and continuous margin growth for the long-term, which is why the Board was confident yesterday to announce and declare our dividend. We've come to that point that we've been hoping for, that we've been able to reduce our leverage dramatically, throw off free cash flow and it's time to return much of that free cash flow to our owners. The Board and the management team spent a lot of time on this, we've looked at our options in terms of returning capital to shareholders and received a lot of advice, some solicited and some unsolicited from our owners, bankers, et cetera. And after that deliberation, we decided that a quarterly dividend was the best path forward at this point. It shows our commitment to a balanced approach to allocate capital, grow our company long-term, and return value to the shareholders. And that is going to be the guiding principle for evermore. Returning capital, disciplined investments, on the path to investment grade, and growing the company prudently and accretively. And I think it also underscores the Board's conviction that we're off to a good start in 2017 and we have very clear path for continued free cash flow acceleration in the years to come. On the fourth quarter, it must be noted that we had a very strong fourth quarter 2015 and we're able still to drive growth in net revenues, RevPAR and EBITDA. And as we did mention in the quarter, last year's call, we did have that tough comparison, as a result of the holiday shift. But even with the shift we're able to continue to drive off a strong convention base. And we actually had the second best fourth quarter convention mix in the company's history, only the year before was better. And we're able to replace some convention business by leveraging our database, which is significant and that increased our contribution from our casino and our leisure mix. We did see higher spend across those segments, casino and leisure, and that offset this calendar shift that I was referring to, to some degree. For the year, we had a record convention mix at 19% and that's over the year before convention mix at 18.5%. That's gratifying. It's gratifying to show and to then celebrate the hard work of the yield management team, and the properties that achieved that 6% RevPAR growth that we had predicted at the beginning of last year, which of course is substantially above the national average for any other company in lodging or gaming. And we're looking for strategies all the time that will benefit us even further in the years to come. Building up our brands, maintaining our vantages, not only here in our home market, but around the United States and we see that we can continue to move the needle here and elsewhere through our entertainment, our branding, our marketing, and our repositioning the properties, and a good example of that is moving Monte Carlo into Park MGM or the two major entertainment venues that we opened last year that we'll have the full benefit of in 2017. It wasn't long ago with that, we were hoping for a new arena, we have it now, it's generating tremendous foot traffic and we're going to get the full on benefit of that in 2017 and beyond. It's really kind of remarkable to think of, when you think of our arenas last year, for example, the MGM Grand Garden Mandalay event center and T-Mobile, they all ranked within the top five arenas in the United States in their categories. T-Mobile itself pretty impressive, it's only been open for three quarters and it's already one of the top in the nation. And of course adding to the entertainment on December 17, we added the 5,300 seat Park Theater and we've been selling out shows almost ever since with a variety of A-list entertainers, that is going to have a big impact on Monte Carlo in the neighborhood, as Monte Carlo becomes Park MGM and NoMad. On the East Coast, significant development and accomplishment, really a milestone for the company was to open MGM National Harbor on December 8, and that really has exceeded, I think, everyone including our own expectations in terms of the type of resort, the type of product and the immediate superiority of revenue and market share in that marketplace. We're averaging over 22,000 people a day visiting National Harbor. We've signed up over 150,000 new M life members in this short period of time and thousands – thousands new members every week. We're very happy about how the property is performing, and we're just literally turning on some of the marketing spigots as we've been working out the pre-opening and post-opening kinks to the property. And I think, it's safe to say that National Harbor is already outperforming. It's already growing the market and it is going to be what we all hope it would be in terms of one of the most profitable resorts in commercial gaming outside of Las Vegas. I am more confident than ever of that point. We also, of course, had our first full quarter at Borgata, which is remarkable. It gained share in Atlantic City. It had a tremendous quarter. It produced record slot win and over $220 million of EBITDA for the year. It's off to a great start this year with – in its 14 years of operation, it had its best January slot win in its history, this last month. We've also been working with the State in Atlantic City to be part of the solution to that city's recovery and as part of that solution, we have settled with the State and agreed to a property tax refund of the amount $72 million. We split that with Boyd. We think that's right. We agreed, Boyd and MGM, that this is the right statement to make for Atlantic City, it provides cash to the owners of both companies and it provides clarity and closure to a long outstanding item. We think there are many other opportunities to grow Borgata into the future. We're literally not even yet launching M life into that property; that's happening in a couple months. And we've been plugging in many of our PGP initiatives there. Over in Macau, MGM China continues not only to maintain share, but to grow it, and we've seen great stability in our mass business and that's supported by the premium mass, and you can see that in the key performance measures like player counts and theo. And I can't say enough about Grant and his team, and how well they've outperformed that market and how strongly they've remained focused on maximizing margins and cash flows, and of course, Grant will be online to answer any of your questions. Now on the development front there, we announced few weeks ago that we've pushed back the opening of MGM Cotai into the back half of this year. That is still an accurate and good statement. The reason why we did so, is we're working with our developer, our contractor, construction folks, and the government to get to very precise timeline, and our whole team is over with Grant in about a week-and-a-half at a Board meeting, we'll have a lot more to report once we get through all that. But remember, we're dealing with the construction of a building that is extremely intricate, complex, beautiful, as you can see from the investor deck and very innovative. And we think it's going to be very additive to the market, and as we said earlier, we're not rushing the opening, we want to make sure that we make a very good impression when we do open, and it will be as I said in the second half, and we'll have more clarity soon. Final couple thoughts before I turn it over to Q&A. One is obviously we had a big aggressive agenda last year. We set a lot of goals for ourselves, articulated them all to you in individual presentations during our Investor Day and otherwise at conferences and frankly we exceeded them all. We've highlighted the value of our real estate, presented another platform for growth, created MGP which has been clearly very successful, proved out the MGP story through the acquisition of Borgata, we're able to negotiate that transaction that made it accretive to both MGP and MGM. We opened really important enduring long-term assets like National Harbor and T-Mobile and Park Theater. We created an organization internally here that lives far beyond the profit growth plan, there is now built in muscle memory on operational excellence that gives us confidence for continued margin and profit growth including in the current quarter and throughout this year and beyond. We talked about this a bit on the Investor Day and we've added to that ever since in terms of the intellectual capital that makes us the most efficient, most professionally run organization in our industry. We have profoundly strengthened our balance sheet. I don't know how many ratings upgrades we've had in the last few years. And we do believe that we're on the cusp of becoming an investment grade company. We see it now, it's well within our reach. And we're throwing off free cash flow right now. Free cash flow to a level that we feel that we can reward our shareholders for their confidence in us, and that obviously speaks to the institution of the quarterly dividend, which we expect will grow over time. Now, I'd like to thank the 77,000 men and women of MGM, because obviously we couldn't have done all of this without you. We're very optimistic about the future. Our book of business here in 2017 continues to look great. We expect to increase our convention business to new records this year, that's due not only to a dedicated focus of providing a really good experience for our convention guests, the value proposition that we and Las Vegas provides, and the best sales team in the business. We had a good CES throng in town last month. We have CON/AGG just around the corner next month in March. And as we said this morning, we believe, we'll be able to grow RevPAR by approximately 7% in the first quarter, hard to find a hotel company that comes remotely close to us. And keep in mind that 7% forecast is on top of 8% growth we delivered in the first quarter last year. We're still confident that we'll be able to grow our RevPAR throughout the year and to prove out that point, we just booked a huge multi-year piece of business with Microsoft, which starts this year and that business is very new to us and most importantly it's new to Las Vegas, as we're able to pry a huge piece of business out of another destination. And we're continuing to find ways to drive more large groups to Las Vegas, both in terms of the association groups, individual major companies like Microsoft to the benefit of the destination and to MGM. We believe, we'll continue to outperform the lodging market this year, expect our RevPAR growth to be up all year, probably around 4% or 5% which is like 2x or 3x the U.S. average. And we expect that – because of that, our margins will continue to grow, I think, they will grow in the current quarter and in 2017. The fundamentals right now are very solid going into this year. We have that convention base that I referred to, we have over 90% of the business already on the books and we're going to have a record year in 2017. We will continue to and have managed our expenses and therefore we believe revenue per occupied room will increase throughout the year, which as I said earlier will lead to we believe higher margins and higher profitability and accelerating free cash flow to the benefit of all of our shareholders. And with that, I think we're all set, Dan?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And we can turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, at this time we'll begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question today comes from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Hi, Joe.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Jim, you touched on a bunch of things that obviously investors are focused and we are focused on today, including margin and flow through performance particularly on the Las Vegas strip, can you talk about, maybe it would be hopeful sort of maybe getting expectations in the right place at the present time. Can you talk about how you're thinking about the Las Vegas strip in terms of flow through in terms of margin improvement? And then maybe touching on the Las Vegas strip as well, can you talk about what you're anticipating, how much group will be up in 2017 versus 2016 in both volumes, room nights, as well as pricing?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: I'll start and then maybe I'll turn it over to Corey or to Dan, Joe. Yes. We are – there's a lot of operating leverage in our business and it obviously benefited us in the first three quarters last year, particularly in the third quarter and it came back and hurt us in the fourth quarter. And that's what I was referring to, we just have to be more specific with our investment community on what the operating leverage is going both ways. Here, for example, in the first quarter, I mentioned, we had a good CES, and obviously, the city is going to benefit CON/AGG in March. So the operating leverage swings back to our benefit. If we're able to grow RevPAR this year let's say 4% or 5% that means we're able to grow on a hold adjusted basis, because we are a gaming company too. But hold adjusted basis, we're able to grow revenues in the low to mid-single digits that should be fair for us, to be able to say. If that is the case, the flow through will be – will be meaningful, because our expenses are not going to grow to that level. And if we look at the base of where we're starting from for this year, our margin last year, EBITDA was what 30% Cathy, Cathy?
Cathy Santoro - MGM Resorts International: Yes.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: 30%. We'd expect margin growth. I'm anticipating margin growth in 2017. Now, it's not likely going to be 300 basis points, 400 basis points growth like we had from 2015 to 2016, but it should be a nice improvement in margin consistent with, in fact, we're ahead of the plan that we laid out to investors during our Investor Day. So flow through we believe is going to be achieved in the current quarter, on a same-store basis. And remember also we have other properties that will be – we'll have for the year. But I think, if your question is specific to the Las Vegas strip, where we did confuse people and fall short of a published consensus. If we focus in on that, which I think, is really the crust of the uncertainty today, we expect our margins on Las Vegas strip to be up this year versus last, we expect RevPAR to be up, we expect flow through therefore to be up and we expect to be able to grow on a same-store basis here in our existing properties' profits in 2017. Is that right, Corey?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: That's correct.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And just on the flow through, before the days of PGP we thought flow though would be 50% in that – off of that low to mid single-digit net revenue growth rate, assuming table hold is normalized. Is that the right way to think about it post-PGP or is it a little bit better than that old 50% metric that you guys talked about?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: John, for us the focus is on margins as Jim pointed out, is really to kind of zero-in on the overall margin, because the flow through depending on where that incremental dollar is coming from and what source, it is going to shift and really our goal here is to take this 30% margin and kind of drive it to the next level, which is 31% and hopefully over the next two years, we're in that 31% to 32% margin. So, really that's the focus that we continue to keep the management team focused on and driving a goal here as an organization.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. And I'm sorry if I'm kind of being dense or being obnoxious here, but if we assume low to mid single-digit net revenue growth on the strip, and you get to 31% margins this year that implies something like 50% flow through, is that a fair expectation to have?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: I think that's fair, Joe.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, it is.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: It's the way the math just works, right.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: So, to answer your question, Joe, yes. We're trying to get away, so you can see Dan talking about is trying to get away from flow through every quarter, but the math works that way exactly, yes.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then that my prior group convention question.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. Joe, on the convention side as Jim mentioned we're going to have a – we're expecting to have a record year again in 2017. We are to that point where we're maximizing that space pretty high right now. So we'll even – we'll be up 2017 to 2016 about 3%, but in general now it's more about the quality of what we're putting in the space and the total spend of that group including catering and banquet and less about how much are we ahead because we have such a solid base.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: And I think from a mix standpoint, Joe, it's probably similar to what you saw from 2015 to 2016 and we're moving that from 18.5% to kind of 19%, and the goal would be to get into that low to mid 19% of convention mix in 2017.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. And then my one final question. You referenced on July 26, the strong RevPAR growth of 11% in Q3 of last year. Obviously it's a difficult growth comparison when you put it in there to highlight that, how do you think about the cadence of RevPAR growth by quarter, at least directionally.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Chris Nordling, do you have it?
Christopher W. Nordling - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I think as you look at it, Joe, obviously we gave 7% RevPAR guidance for Q1 and as Jim mentioned in his opening remarks, we think for the full year it's in that 4% to 5% range for the full year. That obviously would imply roughly on average kind of call it 3% to 4% growth per quarter at least and that will depend on the tougher comps like you said in the third quarter, but it's the way the math will run kind of in that 3% to 4% range per quarter.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harry Curtis from Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead with your question.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Hey, good morning. Just as a quick follow-up, not necessarily focusing on flow through, but because that could be defined differently. But in 2015 and 2016, you had wholly owned RevPAR, call it 6% to 6.5% in Las Vegas, and your actual change in EBITDA – the uplift in EBITDA was quite averaged 15%. And so, if you – if the RevPAR growth is closer or the revenue growth is closer to 3% to 4% in 2016 – in 2017, is it reasonable to think that your EBITDA growth could be in the neighborhood of, call it 6%, 7%?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Harry, this is Dan. That seems fair, overall, obviously the last – the back half of 2015 and all of 2016 benefited from PGP, which is an important factor in driving a lot of that EBITDA growth as well. But I think that – I think, your analysis is pretty fair.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Okay. And then Dan, while I've got you, do you have to pay down more debt to get to investment grade this year?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: I think when you look at it – I think our – with our cash flows continuing to grow, that's obviously in the calculation, the biggest driver. I think from an overall debt perspective, goal is to continue to reduce debt with free cash flow. But I think, we can continue to drive down leverage, as we bring National Harbor on, as we get the free cash flow – free cash flow from Borgata this year, continue to grow our same-store cash flows. I think, that in of itself will be the biggest driver of decreasing the leverage.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Right. But I mean, in your budget do you – do you have your budget paying – in your budget paying – and you are actually using cash to pay down debt this year?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Here in the U.S., yes, debt gets reduced through in the U.S. obviously, China is still – from a consolidated standpoint, China is still finishing up Cotai. So if you look at – if you look at the U.S. debt, that would come down.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Okay. And one last question for Grant, because he – it's 11:30 there and we don't want them to go to sleep. How do you perform in such a competitive environment, as Macau, as you open up this sparkling new building? Give us your thoughts on, without tipping your hat about how you're going to fill it up?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: Thanks, Harry. Actually it's 12:38.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: My estimates are always wrong.
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: You said it. I think, the critical point is, and you know – you and I've had conversations about this. We've been working for some time, as long as we've been building – building out our capabilities to drive acquisition. I think, it's very clear that, that it's not feasible to simply grow off the backs of taking share from others. And that's where we're building a plan of many components leading up to the Cotai, but more importantly driving forward after Cotai. We are very specific in certain targeted markets, where we think we can be stronger. We're also very specific in terms of certain channels that we believe that we can create opportunity for ourselves. And the biggest challenge of all with dealing with China, and the diversity and the non-gaming activities is that – it's not about marketing to China, it's about targeting certain population centers, consumer and centers which have certain consumer characteristics. And so that's really where we're focusing ourselves on and then it all comes together because you got to have an attractive component of product within the facility that we think would be attractive and not just be considered as a me-too, and those are the issues that we're really focusing our attention on to provide that attraction and appeal. And last of all, the great strength is we're going to be moving nearly 40% of the team we have from this property into Cotai, because what's really important is that we can have equal levels of commitments to the MGM's service excellence. So, in fact, when we're recruiting, we're probably recruiting as many people back into this property, so that that can release talent that we have to make sure that we can maintain the commitment, because at the end of the day, we really don't care which MGM they go to, as long as it's MGM, and as long as we can increase that share of wallet of our existing customers, and then obviously attract and retain those new customers we're looking for. So I hope that helps.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Yeah, it does. Thanks guys.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Harry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone. So just to maybe kind of talk about the targets and the outlook for 2017 again. As we – if we go back to the Analyst Day, you guys gave some pretty explicit growth numbers and targets that were, I guess, I don't think they were guidance, but they were potentially achievable. And I think that number sort of kind of built up to about $3.1 billion of EBITDA in 2017. So my question is, could you help us just think through what are some of the puts and takes to get to that $3.1 billion for this coming year? And is that number still in play as you guys kind of think about your business today?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Hey, Shaun, this is Dan. Overall, we still feel pretty confident about the pace that we're on. I think, the one – the one thing that needs to be kind of factored into that analysis is obviously with the announcement that Cotai is shifting to and moving to later this year in the back half. That assumed a kind of second quarter opening of Cotai. So I think that's a key component as you think through that Investor Day model that would need to be adjusted for this year.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But to make you say or to say it out loud then not a ton else, if we think about both cadence and total dollars of PGP, and flow through and revenue outlook not a lot else has changed, if you think about the organic components there?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, to me that's the major one that comes to mind and everything else is pretty minor in terms of the puts and takes.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And Shaun, I'll just add to that, it's Jim. Yes, the answer is yes. It's that we're frustrated with ourselves about the articulation of the quarter, the fourth quarter because we had a very strong year. Exactly the kind of the year, in fact, better year than we expected when we had in fact that Investor Day last summer. So, we are on track on all the operating metrics that we had worked on for several weeks leading up to that Investor Day. We're on track to achieve our goals right now, in the current quarter in 2017 and beyond.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. I appreciate that. And then, the other piece is, and then another piece f that build up that's pretty big for the year then is National Harbor, and obviously we've been able to look – to dig through both revenues and now a little bit on profits. But, could you just help us think about a little bit more about sort of learnings and ramp up at the property, what are you seeing sequentially so far? And specifically, what's kind of – what are your thoughts on the cost structure there and margin structure as we move through – as we move through 2017 and the property stabilizes?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, the margins are on track to what we had expected. We expected low-20%s in terms of EBITDAR, remember we're renting land there, EBITDAR margins. I think that's what we had in the fourth quarter as well, right. And so, low-20%s, normalizing to the mid-20%s, as we continue to stabilize the labor that is always the issue that impacts margins early on. The revenue numbers have been really wonderful both on the gaming and non-gaming side. And, as I said earlier, we're only scratching the surface in terms of loyalty marketing, casino marketing. It's been a remarkable success from a customer perspective, and the margins are improving. So, we are very pleased. And in fact, we're capacity constrained, particularly on the weekends, particularly on Saturday night. So we have some tweaks on the profit margin side, and the expense side that we're drilling through, but I can't say enough about how happy we are with the opening, with the customer feedback, with the revenue, with the current margin levels, and our projection for increased margins.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And maybe just one final one on that one, is it the spread of sort of what we're seeing between gaming, which we obviously get from data, and then non-gaming, which we're able to look a little bit more at today? Is that pretty accurate and reflective of what we should see going forward in terms of what we're seeing over the business, or any material changes you'd expect as we see that progress?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: I think gaming is going to actually go up. I think, as Jim mentioned, we're just coming turning on our marketing engines. We're really – the table games numbers have been substantially exceeding the market, the slot numbers are also exceeding, but we think there's opportunities there to go up. The food and beverage numbers are really solid right now. So what I would envision is probably more gaming revenue as a percentage.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. We've got something to bring online, longer-term, more retail outlets, some more things, but we feel pretty good about directionally where we're headed.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, everyone. Really appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs. Please, go ahead with your question.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Two quick follow-ups to some of the earlier questions. First on capital allocation with the dividend announcement. What's kind of the right leverage ratio for the consolidated company and how would you think about dividend growth versus buyback longer term?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: You want to do leverage first?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Sure. Hi, Stephen, this is Dan D'Arrigo. So on the leverage front, I think pro forma for National Harbor and Borgata, leverage at the end of the year is roughly around 4.4 times. So I think the goal is to continue to get that into a range of 3% to 4% – 3 times to 4 times, I'm sorry, and continue to get that number down. So, we've made a lot of progress, but we're not where we want to be just yet, and I would say the ultimate goal is to be at this steady run rate over the next couple of years in that 3 times to 3.5 times.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: In terms of cap. Thank you, Dan. In terms of capital allocation and returning value to shareholders, we did spend about two years on this hoping that we'd have the day that we're having now, which is discussing returning capital to shareholders. And so we looked at share repurchases, and special dividends, and quarterly dividends, and then within the context of quarterly dividends, we did a very deep dive into what the precedent transactions were for companies that are initiating a quarterly dividend. And the average yield coming out of the box for companies that are initiating the quarterly dividend is 1.3%. And we looked at that, we looked at what the lodging peers were doing and we looked at our free cash flow. And that's how we settled on the $0.11 in the first quarter and the yield out of the box that we're referring to. I think we also heard from our shareholders and we believe at the Board that you want to be able to have an opportunity to grow that dividend over time. And, we believe given our forecasts internally on free cash flow, we'll be able to do that. On top of that. I think, it's important to note that CityCenter, our 50% joint venture, that didn't get a lot of press today even though it had a record year last year, is sitting on a ton of cash right now. We have dividend cash back to the owners, Infinity World and MGM before, we'll likely do it again. And so, is also the case, once we open up MGM Cotai, the opportunity of future expanded dividends at MGM China. The expectation at this time is, if these events occur, which we expect that they will, we'll be able to move that cash back to the MGM Resorts owners, the owners of those assets in the form of increased dividends, increased quarterly dividends. And, at some point in time, we may view other options in terms of returning value to shareholders. But, at this time, what we believe after the analysis that we did, given what we believe to be rapidly accelerating free cash over the next several years, we'll be able to achieve our ratings objectives, our leverage objectives that Dan referenced, while still growing our business, improving our business, increasing our margins and profits, and increasing the amount of capital that we can return to our shareholders in the form of quarterly dividends.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful color. And Jim, you'd also mentioned, wanting to avoid any hick-ups on a quarterly basis just from a guidance perspective. I'm sorry if some of this is in the slides, which we're having a little bit of technical issues on our end, but beside from the tailwinds in the first quarter, what are some of the puts and takes to think about as the year progresses? Thanks.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. We got into that a little bit, we – in the slide deck, but maybe we can get into it a little bit more here. Do you want to do it, Dan, or Cathy?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Sure, yeah I think, Stephen as you get to the slide deck, I think as we talked about earlier, the – later in the year, third quarter is probably our toughest RevPAR comp in 2017 versus 2016. That was up about 11% in 2016 over 2015. The – we'll have the contribution from Borgata all year and National Harbor as well, as that continues to ramp up. There is the calendar shifts to be mindful of through the course of the year as well, and one of the other items that's a little bit unusual, but to just point out is, this is the year that our golden ticket in, ticket out patent runs out. And so, we'll have some impact over at the MGM Grand who owned that patent for years. They'll have some impact by about $10 million or $11 million in cash flow this year from the royalties going away with that patent expiring. So, I think, those are kind of the key 2017 issues.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: One less day because of leap year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. And...
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: And February has a one less day in the – and the way the calendar actually works benefited the entire hospitality network in 2016 just the way leap year and the calendar fell, it actually increased RevPAR here in the U.S. overall just based on that unique calendar from 2016.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful. And, one last one if I could just on the convention business, you mention the need to optimize the spend of your attendees as you're closing on capacity. Was there anything unusual from the spend this year that you saw from the convention business on a per head basis from those visitors, or is there anything unusual as we think about next year in terms of the types of folks coming and their amount of spend? Thanks.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, the spend is increasing, as with Chuck Bowling, who I'm sure is listening in. Hi, Chuck. He had a $100 million of catering revenue last year at Mandalay Bay, a $100 million of catering revenue just at Mandalay Bay. It's an all-time record. And so, it's a matter of – and, that's profitable revenue by the way, folks. It's a matter of the convention mix, which we talked about will have a record, and the cadence of conventions, particularly going into what were historically non-traditional convention months, which we don't have a non-traditional convention month any more. Every month is a convention month now in Las Vegas. That should – that is helping our revenue per occupied room, which is why I mentioned that we expect that will be the case throughout 2017. It's partly due to that. And, thinking about the first quarter here, think about CON/AGG, I mentioned that the first quarter of 2016, we had RevPAR up 8%, we just guided you to 7% for the first quarter of 2017, so in other words 15% over that two-year period of time. That's the best we've ever had over two-year period of time, 2010 and the 2011, the stack growth was 8%, 2013 and 2014, the stack growth was a little less than 15% above 2015. So, this is going to be – this two-year period of time is going to be best we've had in terms of RevPAR. And in terms of margins, Corey, on the expense side, maybe you had something you wanted to say in that?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. It's interesting, as we look at every quarter, we constantly are looking at all of our expenses, including our payroll. And in particular, even in the fourth quarter when it felt a little tough, absolutely when we look at it compared to an expense per occupied room we're only up like 0.004%. And we're actually down over a two-year period over 1.6%, we're down over 1,100 FTEs from last year alone. So, we're constantly managing that expense, we're constantly watching it, and that with the additional revenue will only mean that flow through will continue to come through.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. Best of luck this year.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thanks.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kenneth Fong from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Kenneth Fong - Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Ltd.: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I have the question on the Macau side. In fourth quarter, MGM China seems to have lost some mass market share in fourth quarter. So, just want to see is there any reason behind it? And also, before your Cotai, new project open, any strategy how you can defend your market share ahead of the new project? And what do you see in 2017, so far, especially on your mass market trend? Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: All right. Thanks, Kenneth. Well, on the mass market, it's pretty fair to say that we're in that construction period. As you know, we've just opened the dining areas, which was launched by our new restaurants. So, that they have some disruption because of we had a restaurant that was a fairly important restaurant out. So, we had – we did have some head count loss, but the bigger issue really was we didn't hold as well. So, I wouldn't say that our volume share was down, but we didn't – we just didn't hold as well. And I can assure you that having opened those restaurants back up we've seen that business – that business fought back. So, that's been looking pretty good. In terms of Chinese New Year, I think, what we're now seeing in Macau is that we normally used to see that after the third day, fourth day, that the business would come – come – strengthen up. It really didn't come back this year until about the sixth day and even up until yesterday on mass market, in particular has continued to be strong right through that. So, I think we are hearing from a number operators that it might have been a little slower to come on. The city was very, very busy with head count, a lot of day trippers, and I just think that that probably is shifting some of the dining patterns pushing it further out, and I think that's actually better for us because I think the customers come in and they seem to be staying a lot longer. And sorry, Kenneth, what was the last question you put to me, the last part?
Kenneth Fong - Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Ltd.: Just before your new project opens, how do you defend your shares?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: How do we defend the shares? Well I don't think it's about us defending shares, it's about our – that others wanting to retain share against us, right. Because obviously, as I said earlier to Harry, we're putting in play, what we know needs to be a very long and extended acquisition strategy. So, building up to the opening, we want to consolidate our position in the Peninsula here, looking very strongly to how we can build first-time visit. And – but then put a marketing program in that really starts pushing out into the six months to eight months after opening, recognizing that the capacity – that the properties coming to the market now that the ramp-up is just longer. And so we need to plan to make sure that we drive business not just for the first 60 days, we need to be in the black to drive business for at least the first six months to eight months putting in, building up our direct marketing teams, building up those channels that I was talking about. Does that help? Is that what you...?
Kenneth Fong - Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Ltd.: Yeah. This is very helpful. Yeah. Thank you very much, guys.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey guys, thanks. Jim, you talked about quite a bit kind of the margin impact in some of the delta relative to consensus in the period, and obviously, flow through and margins, but one of the things that I don't think we've touched on that, that could be somewhat responsible for the performance relative to consensus is the PGP. Could you guys maybe take a second and outline 2017 in terms of incremental year-over-year EBITDA coming from the PGP, and maybe talk a little bit to the extent you can about what you expect from the program year-over-year in the first half of the year, as I assume that's kind of when we'll get the bulk of the incremental PGP benefits?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure. I'll turn over to Chris Nordling, who knows this one inside and out, right Chris?
Christopher W. Nordling - MGM Resorts International: Yes, sir. I think what you're going to see, you have in the deck what the first quarter was last year and the second quarter. We're going to be about – the remaining $55 million is going to be split about 50/50 in each of those two quarters, between the first and second quarter. So by the end of the first half of the year, we'll be ramped up at the $400 million level. So I think for your modeling, you'd put it in 50/50 give or take between the two quarters.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And, just so I'm clear on that, you're saying, the incremental year-over-year will be about $27 million or so per quarter?
Christopher W. Nordling - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, in that ballpark. Yes.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. And then, Grant, if you said it I apologize, if I missed it. When you factor in obviously the lower mass hold which is what I think that you alluded to and obviously the higher VIP hold, do you kind of have a normalized EBITDA number for the 4Q?
Christopher W. Nordling - MGM Resorts International: We made a lot.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Grant ?
Christopher W. Nordling - MGM Resorts International: So do you want to answer that one...?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, fine.
Christopher W. Nordling - MGM Resorts International: Oh, there you go.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Did you hear the question, Grant?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: No, I missed it, sorry.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Sorry, Grant. I can repeat the question. I was just asking around the normalized EBITDA for the property for the 4Q given the mass hold and higher VIP hold?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: So, how much was the overall effect?
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes.
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: It's about the same as the third quarter, so it's in that $15 million to $17 million range.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: $15 million to $17 million favorable and is that just on the VIP side or is that including the low mass hold netted against it?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: That's netted out.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's netted out? Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thank you. Jim or Corey, or Dan, can we just return to something that we were talking about a while ago, and that's on RevPAR. And, I just want to make sure that we understand there is a tough comp in the third quarter. And, Dan, you laid out earlier kind of how we should think about the cadence, but can you grow RevPAR in the third quarter?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yes.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yes.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So, it will be positive?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yes. To be clear, yes. Every quarter will be up.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's great. And then, can we just talk about National Harbor in the context of Borgata. And, have you already been integrating your Northeast marketing strategy? I know it's probably early, but Borgata has been doing very well, you called that out earlier. And I'm just trying to kind of figure out what the potential of that property could be now that it's under your ownership.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Sure. So, we actually prior to our National Harbor opening, Anton Nikodemus, who is in-charge of our regional offices has been coordinating and working with Tom Ballance quite a bit. Actually Tom is going to be in National Harbor in the next few days. They do some really good things at Borgata that we think not only can help us at National Harbor but also all of our regional operations. It's a little early to get the benefit, mainly because they're not quite on M life yet. But, once they're on that, then they'll be able to cross market pretty significantly we think. And so, we do think there is opportunities there.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: What's the timing of that?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: We're hoping sometime in the second quarter, M life gets introduced to Borgata.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And, okay, that's helpful. And then, just, Grant a quick one on, I know you all reiterated that, there is no opening date officially announced yet, but when do you expect to have more clarity on the timing of the opening?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: I think as Jim said in his opening address, we have a board meeting coming up in March, that's obviously one of the big topics for us to go through at that time and we'll certainly have more clarity around that time.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And is there anything since your last update in terms of what's kind of been holding that back, anything new or just kind of same?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: It's all those challenges that you have in any complex property is, we are creating some very unique first-time installations here and we are going to get them right, we need to get them right, we're just going to put the time and effort into get it. We're pretty comfortable that the market conditions are suiting us at the back half of the year, and we just think this is the right thing to do.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great, thanks.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Felicia.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robin Farley from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great, thanks. First on Cotai, it looks like since last quarter the budget may have gone up by $250 million, so I wonder if you could give some color around that? And then, are you doing anything on just a preliminary basis, because right now your land concession requires you to be open by January, are you doing anything to sort of maybe just get a little bit of room there, if there were to be a delay of a few more weeks or months of that, that there wouldn't be any risk from that?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Corey, you want to take that first?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, absolutely. Hi .
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Robin.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Robin, excuse me, jump in. The budget increases, we're going to keep guidance from 3.1% to 3.3% how we have been looking at it. But there is some cushion in that, it's the way we have to trend up on the $100 million increments. And so that is new guidance. Obviously, the complexity time does cost some funding. We still think we'll be better off in the long run. We have every assurance, so we're not going to give a specific date yet because we do ultimately want to get into more detail with our contractor, we'd like to meet with the government around the process of licensing and approvals before we can peg a date specific. That being said, we will definitely be open, in our mind, in the fourth quarter. And so, the idea of contingency into 2018, while always something we'll consider, it's something we're not contemplating right now.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. Just to help on that too, there is no chance we're going to need to have any kind of discussion with the government about the land concession, because we are opening it this year, in sometime in the middle of the second half. And secondly, the delta of increase is far less than Robin what you had mentioned. So, like $130 million in total. And if you recall, that's about 11% total cost increase over the last what, Dan?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Three years.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Three years. I mean, the cost has only gone up about 11% in the three-year period, which most of the guys over there would have loved to have had. So, yeah, we're comfortable with this budget, there is a little bit of increase because of the time of when we're opening this, but we're willing to take that increase because of the time, because we want to make sure it's a good product when it does open this year.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you. And then just two quick questions on Vegas. One is just, I don't know if you can sort to quantify, how much of the 7% RevPAR growth in Q1 is the benefit from the holiday shifts from Easter moving into Q2, that's kind of helping Q1. Is there a way to help us think about that?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Do you guys know?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: No. We'll follow up with you Rob.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. We'll have to follow up.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: There is a little bit of a benefit obviously with the shift. But let us get you the right number there.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then...
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: I mean, the big driver obviously is CON/AGG in March. The RevPAR number in March is going to be enormous.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: There's also a shift in some of our in-house conventions, one or two that move from February to March this year from a scheduling standpoint. So, not only CON/AGG, but a couple of our own internal shifts and timing is making March look exceptionally strong and a little bit weaker in February, because of that one or two convention move from February to March this year versus last year.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks. And then the last thing is in the slides you talked about one of the issues in terms of year-over-year in Vegas was, it looks like – you talked about $30 million, some of that was home related, but that $10 million and it sort of talked about G&A and media spend and I don't know if you gave color on that in your introductory remarks, I don't think I heard you mention what that $10 million shift was or...?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. We didn't, we should have. You want to hit it, Corey or Dan, or you want me to do it?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, happy to. It's really a timing issue Robin, in terms of what we did was we took a step back as we initiated some of our marketing efforts from a consolidation standpoint. In late 2015, early 2016, we took a step back, we wanted to play out and look at where we're spending our advertising and marketing dollars. We also had a new campaign rolling out that we're working on from a branding standpoint at not only corporate but the property level. And really wanted to make sure, we're spending the right amount of money in the right channels. And so from a year-over-year standpoint, we're pretty consistent in terms of our spend. It's really a timing issue that hits the fourth quarter as we start to look at our branding and marketing campaigns heading into 2017.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And what I would add also Robin is, there were a few projects that were capital in nature, but expense-type projects clean up like the Marina at that had to get done in the fourth quarter. Even with those increases I mentioned, our total expense per occupied room is only up 0.004%.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you. Thanks very much.
Cathy Santoro - MGM Resorts International: Maybe one last very quick question.
Operator: And we do have a final question from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I have one last really quick question. So on a same-store basis, your U.S. casino revenues were up 3%, your RevPAR in Vegas was up 3%, but your EBITDA was only up 1% and you have PGP in there? So can you just kind of give us the delta there? Did you just lose some very high margin business?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, we did. I mean, that convention business obviously is very high margin business. We were able to actually replace a lot of those rooms by leveraging our database and with the goal of driving profitability and less worried about margin. I think from that exercise what we've learned is, that database is golden. We've learned a lot of things that were positive, then we learned some things that we could do better in future quarters. What we replaced those rooms with were definitely a lower margin profitable business.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And just a couple of things as we add, just to clean up some things that were asked. Easter will be less than 1%, the calendar shift, so the 7% RevPAR guidance, Easter shift will be less than 1% of that. Flow through was asked a couple of times and it's clear we are comfortable with the concept, we do believe margin is going to grow, including in the current quarter, we expect flow through to be up. I think it was Joe asked about 50%, we feel comfortable about that. In terms of PGP, Shaun talked about that. I don't want to leave anyone with the impression that once we are done with that $4 million program, we're done, because we haven't implemented all of the plans that we had identified even in the initial program. And as I said earlier, we've laid down the architecture for further initiatives, further ideas, and that's why we're confident for margins to continue to grow even when we cycle through that program. And the cadence of RevPAR, we're going to up, we look like we're going to be up all year; even with the tough comp in the third quarter we'll be up and certainly up nicely here in the first quarter, up nicely in the second quarter and the fourth quarter will be the strongest of the four quarters. And first quarter being the strongest probably of all, and third quarter being the toughest but still up. Cathy, you want to add anything to this?
Cathy Santoro - MGM Resorts International: No.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Okay. Well, I know you have some other questions. Thank you all for joining us today. We've taken more than your allotted time and look forward to chatting with you soon. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for attending. You may now disconnect your telephone lines.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited Christopher W. Nordling - MGM Resorts International Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International William Joseph Hornbuckle - MGM Resorts International
Analysts: Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Bill Hornbuckle, President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please also note that today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo. Please go ahead with your conference.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International third quarter earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and we have furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions under the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation to GAAP financial measures in the press release, which is also available on our website. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. During this call, we reference net revenues and EBITDA on a same-store basis, which excludes contributions from Borgata, which the company began consolidating in August of 2016, and Circus Reno, which the company sold in 2015. Our supplemental earnings deck is posted on our website, which we hope you will continue to find helpful. Finally, please be reminded that MGM Growth Properties will be holding a separate earnings call after this call at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, thank you, Dan, and good afternoon, everyone. And can I say, boy, we've been waiting for this call. We're incredibly proud of the entire MGM Resorts team that contributed to these really epic results. And since they speak for themselves, so I'm going to keep my comments a bit more brief than as normal to make sure we have plenty of time for your questions. But let's just be clear on a few highlights. Revenues were up 10% year-over-year, and adjusted property EBITDA was up 25% to over $750 million. Our domestic resorts revenue increased 8% and the cash flows remarkably increased 31% on a same-store basis, and that was led here by continued strength in Las Vegas as well as the very productive hard work to grow our share really nationwide. We delivered incredible growth from not only the top line, but as you can, see from an EBITDA perspective. This marks our sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit EBITDA growth and we produced the best same-store net revenues and cash flows at our domestic resorts since 2007. How did we do this? Driving on our profit growth plan with pristine execution, that was evidenced by our cash flow margins, which have consistently grown since we launched the plan. As of the third quarter, our margins stood at 31% on a same-store basis at both of our Las Vegas Strip resorts and our domestic resorts compared to 24% at the end of 2014, when our management team and board began this planning process, from 24% to 31%. And that, as you know, is well ahead of the plan we laid out. In the third quarter, we achieved $78 million of incremental adjusted EBITDA and that includes $5 million of contributions of our 50% share of CityCenter. We're running run rate close to our $400 million target already today on PGP. But to be clear, this does not by any means imply that we are done. The profit growth plan was originally designed to inspire new way of looking at our business. We knew then it was not a simple quick fix, and it certainly was not just another cost-cutting effort. The plan required many months of careful planning across all 14 properties, each with thousands of employees as well as thoughtful coordination and messaging to guarantee its success and sustainability across our platforms. We put in a tremendous amount of effort to get there, a really unprecedented level in our industry. And I think that's important to bring out because it has resulted in a permanent cultural change in our organization of which we all are proud. We have changed this company literally at its very core. From the level of sophistication in the way we look at our business and our customers to the future of the industry, its evolution and what MGM's role is within this industry. We built the building blocks that have created the success we see today. We are leaders in innovation and operational excellence. We have the deepest commitment to corporate and social responsibility. We have the deepest and most sincere and concerted effort to invest in our people, the development of our corporate culture led by talented, passionate and experienced leaders, that's what has led us to where we are today. That is committing us to building this powerful destination brand that's really unlike any other in the entertainment and hospitality space. We have been disciplined and very targeted in our capital investments with extremely high returning projects, such as the expansion of the Mandalay Bay Convention Center and the remarkably grossing arena, T-Mobile Arena. And we have scoured the landscape and have found accretive transactions, which we have made as an opportunity to participate both at the MGM Resorts' perspective as well as the premier triple net in the gaming space today, MGM Growth Properties, the company we own a 76% economic interest in. And at MGM, again, we remained focused on generating free cash flow, strengthening our balance sheet, and we have a very near-term goal of becoming investment grade. But we didn't get there overnight. We've been working on that since the depths of the recession. It has been the result of the dedicated effort of over 70,000 men and women that work at MGM Resorts, many of whom are listening today. And to them, I say thank you for creating the company that we have today, a stronger company, far more capable of growing than its peers, far more capable of winning in the future. We're excited about that future. We're excited about the future of Las Vegas. We're excited about the future of MGM National Harbor, which will open up in just about a month in the Washington, D.C. area. We're excited about MGM Cotai, which is going to help expand and define the growth of the Macau market. We're excited about MGM Springfield, which literally almost singlehandedly will turn around the fortunes of a once proud but struggling city. And we believe we'll do well in that marketplace as we employ 3,000 men and women in that market. And we know we can win, as we have won before, if selected high-value markets open up because MGM is the company that represents the present and the future in the gaming industry and we're continuing to be dedicated to providing value to all of our shareholders. And so with that, operator, I'd like to get right into the Q&A. I'm sure we have a bunch of questions that we'd love to answer.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we'll begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question today comes from Harry Curtis from Nomura. Please go ahead with your question.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, everyone. I had two questions, one in Las Vegas and one for Macau. In Las Vegas, looking into next year, if you could discuss your visibility into the pricing power next year. This year has been a terrific success. And maybe direct your answers to demand after ConAgra so we can get a sense of the same store – what the same-store results might look like on a more normalized basis.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Sure, Harry. This is Dan. I'll take that one and Corey you may chime in as well. But 2017 is shaping up quite nicely across the board. As we look at our convention group business, we're sitting on today roughly about 90% of the contracted room nights in that sector already on the books and usually by this time of the year we want to be at about 80% to 85%. So we're ahead of plan there overall. And obviously, ConAg is a big benefit in the first quarter, but the rest of the year looks equally as strong overall. So we're pleased with the way 2017 is shaping up. Probably a little too early to give specific 2017 guidance, but based on what we're seeing right now, I'd say generally speaking, we're seeing kind of plus or minus mid-single digit rate growth into 2017, which is pretty consistent with what we've seen over the past few years here in the Las Vegas market. So I would say it's pretty much steady as she goes at this point and 2017 is shaping up to look as good, if not better, than 2016.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: And my follow up is for Grant. For the time being, the MGM Cotai will have a locational and infrastructure disadvantage, but how long do you think that's going to last? And how are you marketing to overcome any temporary disadvantage?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: Thanks, Harry. Hi. I don't see anything like that as a disadvantage. Clearly there are some challenges. We obviously will be very excited to be opening in what we see as being the sweet spot of Cotai over time. When it's come on board, it's obviously going to keep developing and we're looking forward to coming on board. We understand that we need be very focused on connectivity and transportation and we're working through all of those things. And as a result of that, we acknowledge that all the new operators coming to the market have ramped up a little slower than expected. And what's critical for us is that when we launch our programs, we basically see our opening as only the start of our whole activity. And we will be presenting many different activities, introducing and reintroducing as we bring on board some of the other facets of the property. I think we've indicated before that The Mansion and the theater will be coming on in a staged approach, and therefore, they give us opportunities to have many additional opportunities to create first impressions. So we're very aware that we need to maintain the marketing and noise intensity in the marketplace to drive visitation. It's not a one-off exercise. It's a planned, consistent execution and we pride ourselves on those facets.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Can you give some specifics on which segment or segments you're targeting?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: Firstly, we want to focus on the segments where we can drive traffic ourselves. So the mass market is something which we have great strength in and we want to look at that as well as opportunities that we may have for our other in-house VIP traffic. We've already indicated that we are not likely to open the property with junket, but we're still in discussions with junket operators because we understand that it's best that we build the momentum of the property and then we bring those participants into the business. So focus on the things that we're really good at, focused on the things we can control, drive foot traffic through the food and beverage operations focusing both on the Macau market, Hong Kong, and then expanding that reach into China, drive trial into the hotel because we have a lot more hotel rooms. So everywhere we're looking, we're wanting to tap into the opportunities of increasing momentum and making sure that we lock in a customer group before we move on to other areas. We have a very extensive program already laid out and we're now working through the details of making sure we can communicate that consistently and accurately. Remembering, Harry, that as we've indicated to you, we drive the MGM brand and we want to make sure that we maintain the intensity on Macau as well because it's very, very important to us. So whenever we go out of market, we'll have a new property in town but what we're looking to do is also drive incremental business into the Macau property as well.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: That's very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Harry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. And Grant, while you're kind of in speaking mode, anything on the mass side at the property? Clearly, tremendous growth in your mass table footprint. Is there anything you can kind of comment to provide a little bit more color on that end?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: I think it's actually looking like there's a number of sweet spots emerging. The high end premium mass has obviously been a little quiet for some time, but we're starting to see strength in that area come back, repeat visitation, increased frequency. But the area that we've been working on for quite some time is that mid-upper mass business. And it's starting to get positive traction and from us, we need that to occur because obviously we need to build out for Cotai. But it really is starting to look to be some strength across the whole gamut. And obviously, if you look at some of the other operators that are maybe more focused on the bottom end of the mass market, they're seeing strength in that market as well. So I just think it seems to be across the board, and we, I think we'll look to seeing that momentum maintain. And that will be very positive for all of us.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. And then Jim, Dan. Jim, you kind of talked a little bit about where you stand coming out of the 3Q on the profit growth plan and obviously through the bogey for this year, your exit run rate, are you guys, as you're moving through the process, identifying incremental things? Does the view still pretty much remain the same, that kind of $400 million is the target number, you're just getting there sooner, or do you believe there is the potential to maybe find a little bit more?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, it's hard to express how proud we are internally here because you'd have to see how comprehensive this has become on literally every property. Hundreds of senior executives, thousands of people have bought into it. A project management office of, how many people, Chris, do you have in?
Christopher W. Nordling - MGM Resorts International: 15.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: 15?
Christopher W. Nordling - MGM Resorts International: In project management.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: In project management, full-time effort; over 500 initiatives. And we have found some that – only recently that we haven't thought of a year ago. And so, we internally believe that we're always going to find ideas; that we're moving into a mode of continuous improvement here. And so, yes, we're ahead of our schedule in terms of the $400 million, but that doesn't mean that there's going be some finite end date to this program. We're going to continue to work through it and continue to find ways. And I can assure you, we're operating this business in a more sophisticated, more thoughtful way than has ever been done before in our industry, which leads to other innovations and other ideas. So that's why I'm so incredibly proud of the effort is because I believe not only have we achieved more than we would have imagined, but we've achieved a cultural change in our company that rewards, inspires, innovative improvements, and I'd expect to see more of that in the future.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: And, Jim, I would add many of those ideas that we've found will be applicable to Borgata also. And we've already began to line up those ideas.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: That's a good point, Corey. So the Borgata is just becoming part of this process. And there are two elements that we haven't discussed much about Borgata, which will accrue to our collective benefit, one is the programs we can put into place, but also the cross-marketing of Borgata with our East Coast presence. Imagine the opportunity that we will have to cross-market between Beau Rivage, Borgata, MGM National Harbor and then Springfield, along with Detroit and Tunica. There's a – we already have a very robust charter program, an M life program on the East Coast, but the addition of Borgata in our database now, which as you recall, had very little overlap between the databases, and the soon-to-be opened MGM National Harbor will have a big impact we think on the revenues on the East Coast.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, everybody.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Carlo.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joseph Greff from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, everybody. Jim, on the topic of PGP, the benefits in the 3Q, maybe how have they evolved or are different than the benefits you saw earlier this year and last year in terms of where you're seeing those benefits being sourced?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, I'm going to give that one to Chris Nordling, who's been running the show.
Christopher W. Nordling - MGM Resorts International: Hey, Joseph. In the beginning, we were more revenue-centric in the beginning, and then as we drove through the operations and became more efficient at the operating expense level, we began to get our stride in that area. And now we're about balanced, about where we thought we were going be; one-third revenue, two-thirds expense. And a lot of the ideas took long ramp up. So, as we got into the second half of the year, we instituted a lot of programs that are going be full benefit in 2017, but we're seeing the run rate starting to hit here in the third and fourth quarter. As Jim mentioned, the process was very comprehensive. This is an idea we had 800 PMO meetings over the course of the last 16 months and 100 steering committee meetings with our senior executives as we drove these initiatives through the organization. So it took a long time to get us up and running, but we're hitting full stride now.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Give them one example, Chris, maybe like zone maintenance or anything that would be a good example why it takes a while to ramp this up.
Christopher W. Nordling - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, zone maintenance would be a perfect idea. We had to go property by property in the operating engineer area, talk to our employee, our union constituents, our operators. We had to have series of meetings on what it is we're going to try to accomplish, line up our sourcing efforts to make sure supplies and equipment was there. And then we'd have to do that 10 properties wide in Las Vegas and then in our regional properties. So just that idea alone took about eight or nine months to get rolled out and get it set up.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you. And then, Grant, obviously Macau came in much stronger than we and consensus were modeling. Either Grant or Dan or Cathy, can you run through maybe what the revenue and EBITDA impact was from the high VIP hold? Our method suggests that you may be held high on direct, perhaps. And maybe if you can quantify if at all there was some kind of benefit from collections, just to kind of get to a clean net revenues and a clean EBITDA number, adjusting for those two things? Thank you.
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: So, yes, we had a good quarter. Mind you, we've had a couple of not-so-good quarters in the past. And if you look at the quarter, we probably exceeded normalized hold by about $15 million, which would have on an adjusted-margin basis would have brought it down to about just around 29%. In terms of the collection, it's really nothing huge. But we have obviously been able to continue the payment cycles coming through. So there might have been another $1 million roughly in terms of a $1 million, $2 million in terms of collections. So overall, on a regular basis, we're still looking at margins close to that 28.5%, which is where we think we're stabilized. I've always said that our numbers were somewhere in that mid-20s. Does that clarify for you?
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's helpful. Thanks, guys. Good work.
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. So Jim and team, in the quarter you outpaced RevPAR growth forecast by about 400 basis points. Just wondering what were the surprises that you didn't anticipate and what could surprise you in the fourth quarter?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: You want to start with that, Corey?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Sure. Yeah, I think part of it is the market was pretty strong, especially with the convention base that we had. So we were able to leverage our yielding off of that. In addition, I think we're spending a lot more effort on our marketing prowess and we've actually just changed out our marketing company and our buying company and we're really focused on our advertising costs and how we align it with the yield. So we've seen some power on that. And I think we'll be able to benefit in the fourth quarter from that because, as you know, the fourth quarter's going to be a tough comparison. But we still expect to see some growth from that.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: So we've seen – yeah, so the operational changes Corey's referring to have certainly helped. T-Mobile Arena has absolutely helped. T-Mobile I think was the highest grossing arena in the world.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: In September.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: In September. Can you guys imagine – can you believe that? Highest grossing arena in the world in September. Off to a great fourth quarter as well. That drives a lot of traffic in that neighborhood. We're opening up the Park Theater on – what, Bill? September 17?
William Joseph Hornbuckle - MGM Resorts International: December 17.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: December 17 with Stevie Nicks. So bringing in events drives that. The leisure business has been stronger than we predicted. And we're going to end up this year with a higher convention mix than I think we had predicted. Do you have that number, Dan? I think it's going be...
Unknown Speaker: Over 19%.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Over 19%.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: We'll be over 19% on the convention side, which will be a record. So better convention business. The leisure business, because of the operational improvements Corey had mentioned plus the events that are driving some really good retail stays, and overall improvement in our properties I think are the reasons.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's helpful. And then just while we're on the Park Theater, how should we think about Monte Carlo once that opens? Obviously, there's some construction disruption now, but once that stops and then once you have the Park Theater open, how much of an EBITDA lift do you think that property gets?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: I think that Monte Carlo is going to be under significant amount of construction over the next three years. The Park Theater in and of itself will help a lot given the lineup of events we have there. I'm looking at Bruno Mars and Cher and Stevie Nicks. It's going be extremely well occupied. That's the good news. The challenge for Monte Carlo is we're literally renovating the property from the inside out and so it won't be one of our best-performing properties over the next couple of years. I think that New York-New York will benefit from this being next door and probably Aria will as well. But I think if I were modeling out Strip properties, I would say that Monte Carlo's the one and the only one that's really going be challenged from a growth perspective given the significant amount of capital we're putting into the property and construction that will be around it.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And then with your relationship with MGP, how can we think about the Park Theater? Is it realistic that you could sell that real estate to MGP?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, they're going to have a call in a little over an hour and I would ask them that. One of the concepts that we developed was if we can develop, as an MGM Resorts, capital that generates significant cash flow and we can find a clearing price on an arms-length basis to the REIT, both parties would be interested in pursuing that. We have very, very high hopes and highly confident about the success of the Park Theater given the lineup of performers. And the success the Coliseum has had here for many years and Planet Hollywood. This is not an unknown phenomenon for us or for the market. So I think it would be quite easy to underwrite a level of cash flow and we'll have to see whether or not that that can happen.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Maybe to start with Las Vegas, so as we start to cycle the PGP investment and start to enter a little bit more of a normal environment in Vegas, my question is, I think operating expenses, as we look at them, and everybody's going to carve this up a little differently, but as we look at them, they're probably down maybe 3% year-on-year. As we start to move into 2017, could you just give us a ballpark or a sense, do you think operating expenses in Vegas are flat, up or down, as we think about again starting to cycle these tough comps? There's natural inflation in the business, but also you're still coming up with new initiatives.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: I'll take a stab at it and I'll be corrected by to the left and then my right. I think that our revenues are going grow in 2017 by virtue of the fact that room revenues we believe will and we believe that the non-gaming amenities that we're adding, whether it's Park Theater or other amenities, will help continue to drive revenue. I think that margins will continue to expand, which means that our expense growth will be more muted than our revenue growth. And I think that comes toward two points. One is some of the higher margin business that we are creating, some this entertainment business, plus some of the residual benefits of what Chris Nordling was talking about earlier. I think the city will do well next year and we typically do better than the city, that factors into my thinking somewhat. But also recall that there's really no new capacity coming on to this market. We talked about that again in our investor deck. But by having the limited amount of supply we have with room rates that are still below pre-recession peaks and convention business that's growing, and growing for us, that bodes well, I think, to margin growth going into 2017. And I don't know if you guys want to add anything to that.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: I would agree, Jim. Look, we have the cost of living increases, but we're going to offset a lot of that. And our goal is to keep it as flat as possible with labor initiatives that we have that going in place. Really the labor PGP component of our business is just really getting going. So I think you'll see the results of that in next year's numbers.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks for that. And then, my follow-up is on Macau. Grant, I think as we look at the performances for the quarter, most people talk about stabilization. You actually mentioned the word strength for maybe the first time. So my question there is, could you just talk a little bit more about what you're seeing recently, has what we saw in the late summer continued here into the fourth quarter and any meaningful impact from the Parisian and Wynn openings that's different than what we saw in the third quarter results?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: I think one of the critical points is, is that we've gone through quite a long flat spot or flat cycle. And what I'd say by strength is like everything else in our market, it's about confidence, operational confidence and also consumer confidence. And that's one of the things I would say that we started to see some of coming through this season. Parisian obviously had a very good opening, as we expected them to do, with the sort of mass operation that they were running. And it has obviously given everybody a good indication of the capacity that the market has that it can grow when you put it together. In terms of impact, say, specifically on the peninsula, the impact from these openings has almost been nonexistent. Historically, there was for the first openings in Cotai, a short-term effect, probably six to eight weeks. This occasion, it hasn't and I guess it's worthy, again, remind ourselves that the peninsula is incredibly resilient. And if you look at the market share that it has relative to the properties that are on the peninsula, we're very excited about being able to offer two very high-class properties in the peninsula and in Cotai. And I think that's what we're going to start seeing coming forward. It is not an issue of saying that everything is in Cotai. I think what we see is that the opportunities are really in all of Macau. And we're really excited about having that sweeps position of being able to offer product in the peninsula, high quality. We continue to drive that business. And as we start to see some growth coming back into the market, that's going to lift us all. Quite clearly what we all need to be focused on is the intensity of our execution. And I will – I want to acknowledge the team here that we've continued to do that really in a very solid way. But we've done it in a strategic way because everything, everything we're doing is focused around sustaining and maintaining the capacity of the Macau property, positioning ourselves for Cotai and taking on the – and taking up the opportunity that having that extra capacity has. It is just so exciting for us to be able to finally have a decent room count where we can really do some serious things about some non-gaming developments and bringing in more entertainment into the city. So, from our perspective, market indicators starting to move as much, pretty well all the capacity other than ourselves. And (35:31) which is probably 18 months further down the track, I think that we're in a really great position and we're very excited about that.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Grant, this is Jim. I'd like to add something if I could, because I just want to brag on Grant a little bit here. We have the best CEO in Macau in Grant Bowie. And we have the most efficient, we have the most sophisticated marketing machine in the Macau market. And you can see that in the results month after month after month where MGM is the market leader in mass on the peninsula and is a leader in win per units on the peninsula. And the peninsula is always going to be an important and relevant market. There's been some commentary in the past where the business is going to shift from the peninsula to Cotai. That's just not going to happen. That's not the case. The peninsula will always be a very large gaming market. In and of itself, it's larger than all of Las Vegas. And MGM and Wynn are the dominant players on the peninsula. And we like being next to one another. And they both do well and MGM did particularly well this quarter. And over in Cotai, Dan and Bill Hornbuckle and I, we just got back a couple days ago. I'd like to make a comment about the neighborhood; I think Harry talked about it. First off, Wynn Palace is beautiful. We spent two hours in a tour of Wynn Palace. The execution of the detailing, of the quality, the materials and design is spectacular. And we believe it ultimately will be very successful. As that market grows, it will do well. Obviously, we visited Parisian, too. And it has tapped into the vein of what is currently very popular in Macau and Cotai in particular, in the mass market. We think that's great for Macau. We think it's great for growing the market, and we believe that the Macau market will be up in 2017 versus 2016. But let's be clear about what we're developing in Cotai. This isn't a project we started yesterday. We've been working on MGM Cotai for three years. We've known that we needed to diversify away from gaming. We knew that we needed to create an entertainment spectacle that is free to the public and that is something they have not ever seen before, and we are. We knew we wanted to bring the DNA of MGM's entertainment to build a theater that does not exist in the world, let alone in Macau; a multi-functional theater that can transition from a major ballroom to an exhibit hall to a theater for sports and entertainment, and into a nightclub. We also have been working hard on food and beverage. Yes, of course, we're going have high-end restaurants, but we're also tapped into local cuisines with hot pots and regional Chinese food, and we certainly will have food in retail that will be diverse and approachable. And I think that when we're done and the light rail is completed, it will dramatically benefit Wynn Palace. I'm sorry that we're not open now. It certainly hurts. But we've been there before because when the MGM first opened on the peninsula, we were surrounded by construction, and we knew that hurt. And so we can empathize with the neighborhood today. But it's not long from now where MGM Cotai will be opened next to Wynn, next to City of Dreams, and I would suggest that that's going to be the new epicenter of Cotai, just as the MGM and Wynn is the epicenter of the peninsula. So, I just want to be clear based on what we've seen in our observations that we're ready, we're prepared for the market as it's growing, and we're going to provide the type of product that we know the customer wants.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. Congratulations on a great quarter.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thank you.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Shaun.
Operator: Our next question comes from John DeCree from Union Gaming. Please go ahead with your question.
John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC: Good morning, everyone. I was wondering if I could shift gears for a second, and we're about a month away from National Harbor opening. I wanted to get your thoughts, or at least initial thoughts, on how you're thinking about the early days there. I know reservations have only been being accepted for a while now, but any color you can have on how we should think about the ramp would be helpful.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Man, we're so pumped about it. I don't know if we've ever been more excited. It's crushingly beautiful. It will have and has gotten the kind of buzz that we've not seen in a new resort in quite some time. It's the only happy news in Washington, D.C. It's the only thing that everyone can agree on that National Harbor is going to be a big success. It literally is the talk of that market. It opens December 8. We have a lineup of entertainment that starts immediately thereafter with Lionel Richie, Duran Duran and a whole bunch of big acts. The restaurants will be ready. The marketing is already in market now. We're getting good feedback from the McCann ad agency that's been doing our marketing. We're having a big party on the 8th. It's a good problem to have in terms of turning people away that we are concerned we're not going have room for everyone that liked to come. The rooms in the market outside of the MGM are all getting booked up. Remember there's a 2,000-room hotel that Gaylord has. There's a Westin. There's another 1,000 rooms in general. Occupancy rates are rising all around National Harbor. Gaylord itself is building an expansion to its convention center because it anticipates far more demand into the market as a result of MGM National Harbor. So ramp up, yes. There's always a ramp-up in terms of making sure that we have plenty of labor. A lot of cost go into any new opening. And those expenses will start burning off after a quarter or two, but we have extremely high expectations for the amount of customer demand that we're going to get right out of the box when we open on December 8.
John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC: Thanks, Jim. That's helpful. And if I could present the same question about Japan. Obviously, there's been heating up interest in Japan and a little bit of commentary that we could see some legislation this year. Just wanted to get your kind of high-level thoughts, to the extent you can give us a little color as to how you're thinking about Japan today?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, also fresh off a plane from there. Bill Hornbuckle and I were there last week. Yes, there's been some very positive commentary around Japan and around the possibility that the Diet would introduce and perhaps pass what they call the Promotion Act. We'll know within the next few weeks if that occurs. And the signs today are favorable that the Promotion Act would be passed. Well, now what does that mean? It means that the bureaucratic machine gets geared into high gear and that the bureaucratic machine works on what's called the Implementation Act and they have a year to do that. In the meantime, Japanese companies, Western and other international companies, will work very hard to try to find the best path forward to present the most compelling RFP for a particular market. The markets you hear about most often are Osaka, Greater Tokyo, because there are multiple locations there, and Yokohama. Those would be the three large metro markets. There's likely also going be opportunities if this were to pass in some of the smaller regional markets to create a more comprehensive opportunity for Japan. If an operator tells you they have an inside track on a particular market, let's say Osaka, for example, they're wrong. No one has an inside track and no one has been more involved in Japan than we have, although we do see Las Vegas Sands there often, Wynn and many others. We're highly confident that if this were to happen, it will be done in an extraordinarily transparent, very deliberate way, a uniquely Japanese way and that you'll have plenty opportunities to game theory where integrated resorts could be and who would be able to participate in them. I have high confidence that MGM is going be a front-runner in one of these markets. We're certainly putting in the time and the effort to do that. And the reason why we all are, whether you're from Malaysia, or Australia, or the United States or in Japan, the reason why everyone's spending the time on this is that the potential is absolutely enormous. It would dwarf the Singapore market in size and could be extraordinarily lucrative for all the investors, real estate and operators alike. So stay tuned. If the Promotion Act is passed, that's a highly, highly positive sign. It means that the machinery of Japan is in motion and that the Implementation Act has a very high chance of being approved, which would mean you'd see RFPs in local jurisdictions starting to develop their own framework and integrated resorts could emerge as early as 2022, 2023, 2024.
John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC: Thanks for all the color, Jim, and congratulations again on a great quarter.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robin Farley from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. A Macau question and a Vegas question. For Macau, you've talked about opening with just kind of mass tables. And what are your thoughts on another operator in the market had opened with just a strategy for the mass market and is now adding VIP and adding junket tables. Does that affect your thinking about opening without them?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Limited: I think what we need to do is we recognize it's about a ramping up process. I think we're going to be pragmatic and understand how the market builds. The critical point for us is that we obviously are dedicating a lot of time and effort to drive traffic. We're very committed to diversifying the product mix for us in Cotai. And so we understand that we need to deploy all of our – we need to take advantage of all the opportunities but what we believe is that we need to drive the mass and the premium mass business that we have and then we can take up other opportunities as they occur. I guess the greatest challenge for us, for all of us in the market at the moment is we're still not seeing really any growth in the junket business. So simply to open junket rooms and dilute the market further and further doesn't seem to be a very strong strategy. But clearly what we're hoping and we are working with our existing operators that we're very comfortable with in Macau and we want to continue to work with them in our peninsula property, as Jim was saying, is to make sure that they're always profitable. And that doesn't necessarily mean just opening rooms for the sake of opening rooms. You've got to open them because there's some performance. We want to work collaboratively, understanding the realities of the market as we see it today. The growth is in the mass. We want to drive the mass and we want to get a very strong footprint in that regard. But we also want to make sure that we continue to work collaboratively with our junket partners, particularly as it applies to the operators that we have in the Macau property.
William Joseph Hornbuckle - MGM Resorts International: And, Robin, this is Bill Hornbuckle. Maybe to add a little more color. Remembering we have a massive international market that we supply with about 200 marketing executives throughout the world. That machine will still be in play. And when we open The Mansion, which is the product that will be unique to Macau like it has been to Las Vegas, that machine will be active. So while the junkets become the criteria on which we will judge for the future, everything else we do, whether it be Macau or back here in Las Vegas, all of that activity will occur from day one.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then for the Vegas question, just to understand a little bit better what drove such strong RevPAR growth in the third quarter. Can you give us color on what the rate increase was in convention business versus the increase from your other cash paying customers, just to try and get a sense of that?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Sure, Robin. This is Dan. Obviously, as you look at our overall results, all of our RevPAR increases at this point in time are really coming from rate side of the equation. We had one of the strongest quarters on the leisure side. I think Corey mentioned earlier, obviously as we continue to maximize our convention footprint and our room base there, that's given us the ability to drive leisure and retail pricing, and so third quarter is one of the highest for the year increases in leisure that we've seen in terms of our overall pricing. So in the third quarter, both convention and leisure were the big drivers for us.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: And what I would add, Robin, is the fact that we were able to significantly increase the mix to where the summer was almost like a normal quarter from convention mix. That's allowed us to really yield. We're really replacing the lower end leisure business with that convention business.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. No, that's helpful. Do you think next year's convention mix will be higher than the level you ended up with this year?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: In total? Our goal is, yeah, I think we'll be at least at that level and our goal will be obviously with the in the year, for the year, to kind of push that slightly higher. But the real challenge, Robin, is the peak periods we're pretty much tapped out and maximizing. So now it's just around putting the right business in the right buildings and maximizing the footprint and really driving business into the shoulder periods. So that's why the third quarter is such a great outcome for us. Traditionally, it's never been a strong convention quarter, but you've seen the strategy there over the last couple of years really play itself out to help us drive that business in the third quarter.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And so the mix by the end of the year, Dan, what did we say, 19%?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: This year it will be right around 19%, a little over 19%.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: So 19%. So, Robin, to put that in context, obviously that's a record. We flew back with Mike Dominguez, who is probably listening in, who just won one of the greatest awards you can have in the convention. It's a lifetime achievement award, by the way, in the convention business. He runs our convention business. He told Bill and I that he just signed on a convention customer for five years with another potential five-year extension, a massive Fortune 50 company that will begin next year. And we're able to juggle a lot of stuff around to be able to accomplish that. And I'm sure Mike's going to get a press release on that one out in the next week or two. It's certainly worthy of that. But the ability to juggle some people around within our facilities, the fact that we are expanding our convention facilities themselves, obviously as you know, with Aria being, coming online with its new convention space and a few other projects that we're looking at to further increase our convention advantage, that's going to help us continue to not only drive rate, but also have greater longer-term visibility, which helps us yield our leisure business better.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Unknown Speaker: We'll take the last question, please? Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning. Just one question for me. So for your domestic U.S. casino revenues, it was up 7%. Last quarter, Jim, you talked about seeing some return in the Far East play into the Vegas market. Can you just parse out the performance between mass and VIP in Vegas or in your domestic properties in the third quarter? Thanks.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure, I'm looking. So looking at the gaming in general, high-end play was up, right, in the quarter in terms of win and that came from the Far East and Korea, primarily. Right, Corey?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Mainly Far East, yeah.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Mainly Far East.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Korea was strong, too.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And in terms of non-baccarat play, our market share was about flat versus a year ago. But our shares are pretty high. And our slot play was up a little bit as well. So I think it's primarily some of our unrated play, table game play was up in the quarter. That helped. We saw some real nice increases in blackjack and a few other of our non-international play. Slots were up a little bit and the international based on Far East was also up and that helped us in the quarter. The hold, I think we mentioned in the investor deck in terms of what the hold impact was for the quarter, which was what, was it $30 million or something?
Unknown Speaker: $30 million.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: $30 million in the quarter.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So do you feel good about the overall trajectory of gaming play, both on the VIP and then for mass, going forward?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, we do, because it's event driven and we've got?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: 5x the events.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, so for this year, a bunch going into the fourth quarter, but next year we're going to have five times – I had to check this because I didn't think it could be right – but we're going to have five times the number of events in 2017 than we had this year in 2016. And you say, how can you do that? It's – well because we have the Park Theater open for the entire year. National Harbor is going to have a concert or an event almost every weekend. All the arenas here in Las Vegas are going to have more activity than they had in 2016. So this is a very much an event-driven business and we dominate on the event side. So I think that our national play and in some cases international play will benefit from all the events that we're having in these – the various facilities we have, which are very powerful.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: And I'm hopeful on the domestic side, especially with the East Coast presence, because we really haven't had that up until this year. Even though we own 50% of Borgata, we're not able to access that database. So between that database and National Harbor database, we're hoping to get some cross-marketing play into Vegas.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Thomas. And with that being the last question, I thank you all for joining us. And if there's any follow-up questions, we'll be around all day. And I'd like to remind folks that the MGP call, which is their first earnings call, will be at 12:30 Eastern Time here in a few minutes. So thank you for joining, and we look forward to seeing you soon.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. We do thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer James C. Stewart - Chief Executive Officer, MGM Growth Properties LLC Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd. Chris Nordling - President Corporate Entities, MGM Resorts International
Analysts: Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC David Katz - Telsey Advisory Group LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Bill Hornbuckle, President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; James Stewart, CEO of MGM Growth Properties; Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please note, this conference is being recorded. Now, I'd like to turn the conference over to Dan D'Arrigo.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Well, thank you, Keith, and good morning and welcome to the MGM Resorts and MGM Growth Properties' second quarter 2016 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com and at www.mgmgrowthproperties.com, a lot of Ws. Both MGM and MGP furnished their respective press releases on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions under the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press releases and in the MGM and MGP periodic filings with the SEC. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about MGM and MGP's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in their respective press releases, which are also available on our websites. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. And before turning it over to Jim, just one housekeeping item, as a result of the MGP transaction, we now refer to what we once called wholly owned domestic resorts as simply domestic resorts and wholly owned Las Vegas Strip resorts as Las Vegas Strip resorts. Any reference to domestic resorts and Las Vegas Strip resorts will continue to exclude CityCenter unless otherwise noted. I'd also like to remind everybody that our supplemental earnings deck is posted on both our websites which we hope you'll continue to find helpful. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you, Dan, and good morning. When we last spoke to you, I think it was about a month and a half ago, at our first ever Investor Day, one of the key messages we had hoped everyone would take away was the strength and the depth of our talented management team and the transformation they are driving companywide through our Profit Growth Plan. It's been a year since we launched this plan, and looking back, it has and continues to leave a profound impression on this company. I'm proud that we have not only made tremendous progress to-date, but that the advancements we have made within this organization were achieved through innovation, teamwork and importantly with sustainability and perpetuity in mind. This plan was the stepping stone to inspiring a culture of continuous improvement here and where the concepts of the Profit Growth Plan are permanently embedded into the core philosophy of MGM. For those on the phone, from MGM, thank you very much for your participation, it's obviously been a tremendous success. We delivered a great quarter. Our domestic resorts cash flows increased 12% year-over-year, that's five consecutive quarters of double-digit EBITDA growth. Our Las Vegas Strip resorts cash flows increased 13%. EBITDA margins exceeded 30% at both the domestic and our Las Vegas Strip resorts. CityCenter resort operations EBITDA increased 6%. All three of our regional resorts produced record second quarter cash flows amazingly. Here in Las Vegas, as you already know, we had an extraordinary May last year, that included most notably the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight, we also had a couple of major music festivals, and of course it made for really tough second quarter comp. And despite that our Strip RevPAR grew 3.1%, which I know was below what we had guided, but frankly, in any growth over that quarter last year would have been in our opinion a great improvement and it was, particularly, as we built momentum throughout the June-July period, because that delta was really isolated simply and solely to the month of May. We had a good April, but even a stronger June and our third quarter is looking really terrific. You may have seen the earnings deck this morning, but have you not, I'm pleased to say we're forecasting our Las Vegas Strip resorts' RevPAR to grow by 7% in the third quarter. This we believe is an indication of the continued strength of Las Vegas markets certainly doing better than U.S. as a whole, and of course we're responsible for over 40,000 of the rooms here. The important thing is that our underlying business remains strong and the market here remains very healthy. I'm really happy to say we just finished July and I can tell you we are off to a great start here in the third quarter. We had our best July ever in our domestic resorts in terms of adjusted property cash flow. And we've seen broad-based strength across all of our business segments. We are also encouraged by the early indications of activity that we are picking up back from our Far East business. We're hosting some folks from the Far East, over the last several weeks, some of which we haven't seen in a while and others we've never seen before. Our leisure and convention group business continues to be strong. As a reminder, that's where the bulk of this city's hotel business lies. In the third quarter alone, we already have on the books, for MGM Resorts, 150,000 incremental convention room nights versus last year. This has, historically, as you know, been a shoulder period for group business and our sales team's efforts obviously are paying off. We're going to have the strongest convention mix in the third quarter in our history. The fourth quarter is going to be another tough comp. Remember that last year, we grew RevPAR at 12%, but because of the strength here in the third quarter and because of the bookings we are seeing, we still feel very strong for the rest of the year, and as we'll get into 2017 is also pacing well and remember, CON/AGG is returning in the first quarter. Of course, we continue to execute on our Profit Growth Plan. Remember during the Investor Day, we increased our Profit Growth Plan target to $400 million from the previous target of $300 million and I am very pleased to report that we are tracking well against this increased target. In the second quarter, we achieved $73 million of incremental EBITDA as a part of that plan and that includes contributions from our 50% economic share of CityCenter. And at the Investor Day, you heard straight from the men and women that are leading this effort to optimize our business across all the segments. And I heard a lot of feedback from you all, talking about the depth and strength of our management team, of which we are very proud. This effort is bearing fruit, and we remain committed to exceeding 30% full year EBITDA margins by 2017. Obviously, the numbers speak for themselves here, we're clearly proving out our ability to achieve this goal. Over in Macau, MGM China's cash flows, pre the license fee, grew quarter-to-quarter by 4%. And that was lead by growth in the premium mass segment. Despite lower hold in both mass and VIP, adjusted EBITDA margins remained healthy due to the strength in the mass and our continued cost efficiency efforts, led ably by Grant and his team there. And as you know, Grant will be available for any questions, but as I'm speaking, I could say that we continue to see very positive signs of health in that mass market, led by the premium mass. We believe that's the segment of the market that we focus on, and that has stabilized. We're entering into the final stages of our construction of MGM Cotai. We've been working really well and closely with our contractor, China State Construction, to get this one over the finish line. We are going to be absolutely sure we make this resort the best it possibly can be, and it will meet our high standards and the high standards of China State. We're going to get it right the first time. And working with China State, we now have great clarity as to exactly when we can open, and as a result of that, we have decided to push out the opening date a bit for MGM Cotai into the second quarter of next year. Recall that we'd said, we are looking for March. This will give us just a little bit more time. It does increase the budget slightly by 1% to $3.1 billion, but we think the time is worth it and both MGM and China State are committed and working well toward that timeframe. Grant could speak to it, but we're really excited about what exactly would be MGM Cotai, what it will look like, and how it will feel from a standpoint of technology and entertainment offerings. We know it will bring first-in-class, first-in-market in many of these offerings, and as we get closer to the opening, we'll be announcing many of those very unique amenities. And finally, our newest child, MGM Growth Properties. We have, of course, James Stewart here. MGP had its very first report since its IPO in April, and James is going to speak to the quarter. I got to say that James and the team are off to a running start over the last few months. Congratulations, James, on the acquisition of Borgata. You own a bouncing baby Borgata, and that just closed a couple of days ago. We think that starting next quarter, James and his team will host a separate call for MGP, and so what we'll likely do, starting next quarter, is MGM will have a call, and then back-to-back, with an MGP call, so as to give investors an opportunity to talk more in-depth to both companies. But for now, we're together, and so, I'll hand it over to James Stewart.
James C. Stewart - Chief Executive Officer, MGM Growth Properties LLC: Thank you, Jim. First, I would like to officially welcome all of our new investors to the MGP family. A few months ago in April, MGM Growth Properties completed its IPO, issuing 57.5 million shares at $21 a share, the top of the price range. This includes 7.5 million shares issued as part of the greenshoe and was the largest triple-net REIT IPO of all time. It was a fantastic transaction and I couldn't be more proud and thankful for all the hard work of the many people involved in achieving this highly successful outcome. After completion of the IPO, the team went to work immediately, and just a month later, announced the acquisition of the real property of the Borgata, which as Jim mentioned, closed on Monday. With this transaction, we've added another premier asset to our portfolio and increased our rent by $100 million to $650 million on an annual basis. Pro forma for the acquisition, our net leverage remains within our target range of five times to 5.5 times EBITDA, and we expect the deal to be accretive to AFFO. As a result of this accretion, we will announce an increase in our annual dividend of $0.12 a share, starting in the third quarter, which we're all very excited about. We look forward to continuing to grow profitably and to becoming one of the leading publicly-traded REITs in the United States. With that, I'll turn it back to Jim for his closing remarks.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you, James, and before we get into Q&A, just a couple of added points. I want to emphasize that we're well on pace with this aggressive plan on profitability and our long-term financial strength. We obviously have a tremendous portfolio and that is growing with the addition of Borgata and we're excited to invite and add the 6,000 new employees to the MGM Resorts family, literally this week. But we're growing beyond that as well. As you know, we're opening National Harbor at the end of this year, Springfield in a couple of years. And we do know that beyond just creating economic benefit for those local communities which is significant, it also cements our position as the clear and dominant leader in these markets as we integrate those new properties into our family. We've been working really hard on the balance sheet. We have made tremendous strides there. We are committed to be once again an investment-grade company and we're marching towards that goal and as we become that, as we develop more and more free cash flow and cash from our dividend-paying enterprises, we are expecting that over time we'll be able to return that cash as well to our shareholders. MGM is not just a holding company, or even a gaming company, it's not even a hospitality company. The fact is we operate at the very intersection of hospitality of art, of dinning, shopping, gaming, live entertainment. We create amazing entertainment experiences for guests from every walk of life. We are the first movers on many fronts, both in the way we build and the way we run our business, both in terms of the leadership, and the fact that people want to work for us and our deep commitment to the responsibility of corporate, social good, and our communities. It's really a great time to be a part of MGM and we look forward to sharing more with our owners, our stakeholders in the future as we continue to grow, continue to improve, and continue to make money, return value to the owners of MGM, our shareholders. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And the first question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, everyone, and thanks for taking my question. Jim, you spoke a little bit about, obviously, the tough comparison in the fourth quarter and noted that you feel pretty good about it and then some incremental strength in 2017. Would you be able to maybe put some framework, A, around the 2017 comment, talk a little bit about the group booking pace, convention mix, et cetera, as well as possibly put some color around the fourth quarter and how that's shaping up right now all relative to kind of the 6% RevPAR for the year?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, I'll give a start and then anyone can jump in. So, first, yes, I think we pleasantly surprised people in terms of our RevPAR guidance for the current quarter, 7%. We feel very comfortable with that number. We are certainly well ahead of that already. We had a double-digit increase just in the month of July alone. And a lot of it has to do with this group business that we are seeing in the current quarter, but we think will continue into the fourth quarter. I think, our all-time record room mix in the third quarter is about 14%. This year, it'd be like 18%, which is really a tremendous achievement on the group side. A lot of that will carry over into the fourth quarter, but as we said, the comp is difficult in the fourth quarter. It really will depend on the continuation of the sales teams efforts for the in the year, for the year. And we've seen a lot of recent business activity that's being booked, even as short-term as in a couple of weeks, let alone in the fourth quarter. So, we think on RevPAR, we'll be up in the fourth quarter. We are not prepared to give a number against that 12% comp, but we think it will be a healthy increase. As it gets into next year, again, we think we're going to have a record in terms of our group business. I don't think we had more in the year, for the year for next year, Corey?
Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer: Yes, we're up about 8% in case of our group room nights year-over-year at the same time.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, did you hear that? We're up...
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes, yes.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. And so, I got to believe that we're going to do better on the group side in 2017 than we are this year, and we're having a good year this year. In addition, recall, that we open up The Park Theater at the end of this year. If we've learned anything about Las Vegas and how different it is from the rest of the United States, is that special events and entertainment activity drives RevPAR growth and the very fact that we had two Rock in Rio concerts, and the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight to compete against showed you the difficulty in the second quarter. Once we open Park MGM Theater, that opens in December, we'll have a lot more business and entertainment activity that quarter and – I'm sorry, that year, and of course also with our entertainment events at T-Mobile and MGM and Mandalay.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you. And then, Grant, if you're available, would you be able to comment a little bit obviously that the mass side seems to certainly be stabilizing and that's showing up in the numbers, on kind of July-to-date if you're seeing any...
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: No.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: ...change in trend from your 2Q levels?
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: Actually, July was very, very solid, continue to show that strengthening. And I think the critical point is that, it's also deepening in terms of the quality of the customer and the new signups in the performance, and that's I guess, what's really pleasing to us is, we're seeing returning frequency of non-customers, but we're starting to see some significant incremental new customers coming into the mix, so that's really a good sign.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Just one moment.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hello? Joe, are you there?
Operator: Okay. I'm sorry. And the next question comes from Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Good morning. Let me, Corey, just ask you a follow-up question on the update percent pace for next year. If you back out ConAgra, which only comes in every three years, what do you think that pace might look like?
Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer: Yes. I think we'd still be up, Harry, because a lot of the – the way the ConAgra and the citywide is booked, not all the rooms are necessarily on the books right now. So, I don't have those numbers in front of me, but I feel pretty comfortable that we'd be up still.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. And then, Jim, a follow-up question on the cash flow. You had mentioned that you're beginning to generate free cash flow and if you could give us a little bit more color on how much free cash flow you expect to generate in the second half, where is that likely to be directed, and then how that changes in the first half once National Harbor opens? I am just trying to get a better feel for what you'd do with your free cash flow now and what you'll likely do with it in 2017?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I'll give you what I can, Harry. Yes, we're spending money today, building National Harbor, Cotai, obviously and a big project here in Las Vegas is that Park Theatre, which opens up in December. But yet still we're throwing off free cash. Once we get into 2017, we get a big boost from the opening of National Harbor, the completion and cash flow generation of The Park Theatre. And then, of course, we have the opening of Cotai. It's our expectation at MGM Resorts that our operating free cash flow will accelerate. And on top of that acceleration, we'll be accelerating our ability to dividend back to MGM Resorts through our joint ventures, like CityCenter and our investments in MGM China, post the opening of Cotai. And as that occurs, our leverage declines. The rating agencies have already indicated that they have increased our ratings several times. And as we continue to improve our ratings, you'll see a higher degree of receptivity at MGM to start dividending money back to its shareholders. So, I would guess, as we approach investment-grade, you'll be hearing more from us about what'd we do with our excess cash, and our inclination at this point in time is to establish a regular dividend, when it's appropriate and dividending money back to the owners of MGM Resorts, as we are today with MGM China and MGP.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: That's helpful. And then, I have one quick one for Grant. This morning, we heard from MPEL that they're encouraged also by the trends in mass. Although, what was interesting is that their mass at City of Dreams was down sequentially from the first quarter to the second quarter. And you seem to be to have held up better, and if you could give us some color on the dynamics of why some operators are just simply outperforming in Macau?
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: I guess, I'll just focus on ourselves, because I think that's probably the one I know best about. I guess from our perspective is that we just really and continued and being focused for a long time, Harry, on understanding that it's about the way we manage the metrics and the way we actually work the database. And I think it's about maintaining the relationship, maintaining the service levels and ensuring that you continue to offer something. It's not just about the gaming. We're very, very aware and as you heard earlier from Jim, we're a leader in all facets of our business and that's absolutely true here in Macau as we diversify. It's one thing to keep on adding these non-gaming facilities, but they're actually going to be adding to the overall experience for our customers and I think that's what we're really being able to do. The recruitment and the signups and the retention of our customers, has always been our focus. We've always been really strong with that and we've retained those customers, we maintain relationships with them and despite the fact that there may be new products and new offers coming into the marketplace, they've chosen to stay with us because of the overall package that we're providing. We know that's critical for us moving into Cotai and it's about now building the base and deepening the market segmentation as I said earlier, and we're starting to see some of that positive indicators. I think all the operators in Macau are chasing the same business, but I think, we've worked really hard over many years now to put the systems in place to sustain ourselves. As the smallest in the market, we just have to do everything better, harder and faster than anybody else and I'm really proud of the team for that.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thanks, everybody.
Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer: Harry, one other quick follow-up, excluding the first quarter, we're up 5% in pace for 2017, so that's another way to look at it.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Corey.
Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer: The way things look now.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Can you guys hear me now?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we can, Joe.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hey, Joe. Welcome back.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning, again. Jim, in your prepared remarks, when you were talking about the strength that you saw in July, I think, you used the word, best July ever, record cash flows. Within that, you talked about strength in the Far East, customers coming into Las Vegas, I believe that's how I interpreted your comments. And you've obviously talked about double-digit RevPAR growth in July. Can you talk about how broad-based that consumer spend is outside of the room? And if you can maybe amplify the comments about the Far East business as well, that's intriguing to us. Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. It's been a really remarkable summer out here, Joe. We haven't seen this level of activity, in terms of people in the resorts, up and down the Strip ever. And I've heard some ideas, why that might be? People are travelling more to U.S. destinations like Las Vegas, there's a lot of activity here. But the fact is that, up and down our 10 resorts here, we're seeing more consumer activities than we've ever seen in a summer. And that has resulted in a very good spending across the entire portfolio of what we have to offer, food and beverage, entertainment, hotel and gaming. So that has driven a really remarkable month and so far a really good quarter in RevPAR. Layered on top of that and equally significantly I think is the fact that we are seeing a resurgence in high-end gaming business to Las Vegas, during a time when it's a non-traditional time to see these customers, and we saw a lot of customers coming from Asia, both Mainland China, and a variety of other markets in the Far East, coming to Las Vegas. We've had great gaming volumes throughout the quarter and as I said, some of these customers we didn't even know and others we haven't seen in a number of years and we've asked some of them, the ones, we do know well, what's up and they were like, they have said, look, we are on the road, we want to spend time, we want to have fun, and there has been somewhat of a pent-up, I think, level of demand. I got to say this, we happen to be hosting this conference at Bellagio. Bellagio opened up in October of 1998, Tim?
Unknown Speaker: Yes.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Bellagio just had the best EBITDA month it has ever had in the month of July. So we are seeing incredibly strong numbers on the gaming side at our high-end properties, incredibly strong for given the time of year that we are in, and we are seeing broad-based growth in our mass, I guess you'd call it our retail business. And I think it's significant to note, because some of the hotel companies have struggled a little bit with their transient business activity. We don't have a lot of that. We have very little. And so, our business activity is primarily convention business. And the convention business is doing extremely well for us here in the market in Las Vegas.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And then, I've a follow-up for James Stewart. I don't want him to feel ignored on this call. But, James, maybe you can talk a little bit about your acquisition pipeline? How fertile that is, any progress you're making, both with respect to MGM and non-MGM real estate? And that's all from me. Thanks.
James C. Stewart - Chief Executive Officer, MGM Growth Properties LLC: Sure. So, we are actively involved in a number of different dialogues. I think they are very interesting, people seem receptive and we're working hard to move them forward.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. I guess, Jim, could you just talk maybe about National Harbor, kind of the timing? Remind us the opening? And how do we think about, ultimately, MGM's decision to potentially sell that asset and drop it into the REIT?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Well, the development is quite spectacular. There are a few pictures that we've put on the Investor deck. Those are even out of date. We already now have the Marquee has been almost fully encased, that's at the front of the resort. And Whiting-Turner is our general contractor there. They're doing a tremendous job, some of the best work, finished work we've ever seen in a resort. So inside and out, it's quite spectacular. We're right on pace and we will open up in December. Most of the finished goods are already going in, they are literally placing slot machines on the floor already, the carpeting is down, the ceiling treatments are done, the entertainment venue is going to be really spectacular, that's completely enclosed, they are energizing the building, all the glazing is in, they're not only drywalling, but painting all the guest rooms, and it really is quite spectacular. It will open up, as I said, in December with quite a lineup of entertainment similar to what we did at T-Mobile, where we hit the market with kind of a splash, with a lot of great entertainment out here. And we're going to do the same thing, and we're going to make sure that the people in the Mid-Atlantic region know exactly what it's all about to be a part of an MGM Resorts' property, and what they have been missing all these years with the mediocre casinos that they have been going to for so many years. Now, what happens with MGP, the great success of Borgata, I think is a very illustrative example here, Steve. And we worked on acquiring, putting together that transaction, worked back to back with James Stewart on coming up with what both companies believe was a fair valuation and it obviously is working out terrifically well at Borgata. We'd like to build upon that success, really as soon as it is logical. So, I would say that my guess is that either James calls me or I call James, sometime in the middle of next year, once we have a quarter or two quarters under our belt, we can underwrite what it is. We think that MGM National Harbor is cash flowing. And I could tell you from an MGM Resorts' perspective, we're highly motivated to contract with MGP on a transaction very similar to what we did with Borgata.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Jim, you laid out a bunch of times why you're so optimistic about your group business for the next few years and the (33:42) look really strong. And it's also really noteworthy how much your business contrasts with what we're seeing from the lodging companies, where group pace is up next year, but slowing. In some companies, we've even seen group cancellations. So, while you laid out the drivers for group in Vegas, like entertainment. I'm just wondering if you think this broader lodging kind of slowdown that we're seeing could be a leading indicator and also are you seeing any group cancellations at all?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, I'll start that and then turn over to folks here. I noted that a lot of the RevPAR guidance in the hotel-only sector has come down a bit, and it's attributed to a slowdown in GDP. And the commentary I've read from you and your compatriots is that, that business activity – the transient business activity have slowed down. We haven't seen that nor do we get much of it anyway. So, even if that were to be occurring, we haven't seen that. Now, on the group side we've seen little to no change in attrition at all. So, I'll turn it over to Corey, if you have some views on whether or not that what you're seeing in the hotel sector is a leading indicator to us, I don't know. It doesn't appear to be the case since we continue to build business from other markets and expand the conventions that are already coming.
Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer: Our group business is solid and majority of it continues to be in corporate. We're close to 60% of our business being corporate. And what's different is, there are 1,000 plus groups, very strong in this, particularly (35:35) financial are our main groups. There have been small cancellations, but we've been able to offset them with in the year, for the year bookings. So, we've been reading the same material, we just don't see it. We feel pretty comfortable when we talk to our sales people constantly just to get a barometer on their – they continue to increase their bookings, so that's what we're seeing here.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: And, Felicia, I would just add a couple of points, so I think, one is and you will know better than I, but I think one is, some of the hotel companies are sector-specific in certain markets, that's really impacting them. And energy is a good example. We don't do much in the energy business. We have very little, if not nil, in energy. So, as Corey pointed out, the sectors where our bread and butter are thriving and doing well right now, and that's benefiting us. The second factor I'd point out is the markets that are starting to slow are starting to have significant supply, and we don't have any supply coming on here in Las Vegas. So, as people want to be in our properties, and want to be here in Las Vegas Strip, whether with us or our competitors because of what we offer, there's not a supply issue here to be dealing with and that's helping us bolster the shoulder periods that Jim spoke about earlier.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's really helpful and I agree. Now, on the flip side, and this might be early to see this and this might be too creative of a question, but I'm just wondering if you think you could benefit or if you're seeing any benefit from Zika at all as people might not want to travel to places like Miami or just altering their travel in particular? And then also I apologize if you said this, but what is your visibility into 2018 with group?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. One of the interesting notes I got this week was comments from JetBlue that they're seeing a pickup in passenger activity to Las Vegas and maybe a slowdown to Florida. JetBlue is not a large airline here in Las Vegas, I think, it's about 3%, is that right?
Unknown Speaker: Yes.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: 3% or so of the lift here. But there is no doubt that there – I have to believe there are variety of factors as to why Las Vegas is seeing a strong air activity and we're seeing strong drive in activity from the Southwest. And that really is helping everybody in town, not just the MGM portfolio but everyone else. So as sad as that situation is in Florida, I certainly don't want to benefit from it as a result of that, but I can say that we're seeing a pickup in air traffic and in driving traffic even in the last couple of months.
Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer: Even on 2018, we're really comfortable where we are from a pace perspective. We're actually a little bit down from the same time last year, but to a point where we're actually comfortable what's on the books right now, really it's one-year to two-year booking period. When you look at 2018, 2019, in total, we're actually up in those years. So I think, long-term, we're pretty comfortable what we're seeing on the book.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. And just, Grant, quick question for you. I was just wondering, did Wynn's comments about their table allocation change how you're thinking about the table allocation at your properties at all?
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: I think the critical point is, is that we're in conversations and we'll continue to be with the government, and I think, we are working hard to make sure that we put everything in place and meet all of their requirements and objectives and therefore, we are still positive and we are still confident that we can deliver the outcomes that we are looking for. But I think it's premature for us to stop talking, we've got a lot of things to do and got a lot of hurdles to jump, but we are pretty positive that we have put all the right steps and all the right components in place.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Thank you, Felicia.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, can you help us think about the seasonality of the Profit Growth Plan? You've realized $140 million of savings in the first half of the year and your goal for the year is $275 million, so I just want post those numbers. Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We'll pass it over to Chris Nordling, who is running the whole thing.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hey, Chris.
Chris Nordling - President Corporate Entities, MGM Resorts International: Hey.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. As a shareholder, thank you, Chris.
Chris Nordling - President Corporate Entities, MGM Resorts International: Very welcome, and there is more to come. As we get into the third quarter and fourth quarter, you're going to see the comparison of the growth slowdown, because we're going to be comparing savings against last year. Our original goal was $300 million against the baseline of 2014. You will see that continue to grow in the third quarter and fourth quarter and then in the first quarter of 2017.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And, hey, Grant, could you put your phone on mute? Well, I think we are getting some feedback.
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: We are on mute.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, well. It's coming from somewhere else then. I'm sorry, okay. Does that answer your question, Thomas?
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: It does, it does. And then when I think – just on the Borgata, I know you just closed on the deal, but any incremental thoughts on potential upside, now that you own it and then any thoughts on having to invest some lobbying dollars for the North New Jersey referendum. Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. We have the Borgata team here. They've been here a last couple of days, working on marketing integration within MGM Resorts. There are multiple opportunities to drive revenue at Borgata, both in terms of the intersection of our database. This was remarkable to me, I don't know if – I know, we were all surprised a bit, when we took together the MGM database and the Borgata database, there was only a 5% overlap between those two large databases. So, we have a tremendous amount of incremental data of people that live in the Borgata region that will now benefit from MGM's ownership of Borgata and the same will be true for the Borgatic customer base, being able to go to Beau Rivage in Detroit, and out here in Las Vegas. So that's one area. The second area is we have a very robust charter air business in our regional properties, as does Borgata. And we do know that there is a lot of opportunity to integrate our charter business to drive more revenue. Third, would be on entertainment. It obviously is the market and entertainment leader, but with our contacts and relationships we can drive more entertainment which thus drives more gaming revenue and overall revenue. So, we see a tremendous a job as Borgata has done. We see upside in terms of revenue and certainly upside in terms of cost reductions as they come on to larger platforms. And I think that, that is something that we are most gratified about.
Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer: And the other thing I would add, we will take our PGP initiatives and we've already actually given them to them. And some of those of our initiatives will be implemented also. And talking to the Borgata guys, because they've been here, this is the one tool they've been missing in their mind was in order to compete – I mean, they compete well obviously in Atlantic City, but can compete against Caesars, they never had that Las Vegas presence. And so they really needed this as a huge tool for them.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. And then in terms of the referendum, we've been on the sidelines on this. Our challenge is though we would certainly be the leading contender to win one of those potential $1 billion resort opportunities in North New Jersey, given our presence in New Jersey already, our licensing there and the dominance that Borgata has, we would be no doubt the lead horse. The issue for us is, we don't know enough, we don't know what the tax rate would be, we don't know what the enabling legislation would look like. And it's really the referendum challenge for us as it puts the cart before the horse, we don't have enough facts right now. We are taking a look at it though and looking at how does that potential fit within the strategic goals of MGM Resorts going forward? We're going to have an unbelievable resort in the D.C. area with National Harbor. We've got our Mississippi Gulf Coast property. Now, we have the dominant position in Atlantic City and soon to have a very successful casino in Western Mass. How does Northern New Jersey or other parts of the region, for example, New York State, fit within the growth plans of MGM? And frankly, we haven't made that determination yet. The referendum is going to be close. I couldn't pick it right now, it's polling to fail currently, but who knows, what happens in November, and we're going to evaluate this and probably make a decision of whether we're positive, neutral or negative within the next few weeks.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, guys. Maybe I just wanted to start with the gaming side, I mean, Jim, you made a lot of positive commentary about what you are seeing on the high end side. Was wondering, so far in July, at least, but as we look back over the last – let's call it six months to 12 months to 24 months, gaming has kind of continued to lag a little bit of what we might consider a normal growth rate. So, I'm kind of curious for your thoughts of excluding the volatility around high end. What do you think the core sort of run rate, slot and table game trajectory for revenue growth is in the market right now?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think a lot of what you've seen has been an evolution of how operators are developing game relationships with customers both on the table side and on the slot side to find ways to not only drive some revenue, but more importantly drive profitability. And for example our table games margins are probably the highest in the industry because we have been focusing on at least at our luxury properties. We've been focusing on table profitability and margin. The same would be true on the slot side, where we have been more thoughtful in terms of how to develop a slot product that results in better profitability for us. I think underlying trends and, Corey or Dan, correct me, if I'm wrong, it's a low single-digit type of growth here in the market. You get the fluctuations withhold obviously and also events. But I think the underlying business, setting aside, this really fortunate experience in the last month or so of high-end business, setting aside that. Just looking at the core business, of core table and slot performance, we would expect to see low single-digit growth in the market and MGM should do at least as well as that, we would expect better, because we expect a lot of ourselves, and because we are investing a lot in entertainment, which drives a lot of that entertainment – drives a lot of that gaming revenue.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But I guess, is it fair to say that, at the moment, given some of the mix changes you guys are implementing probably as part of the PGP, that you're sacrificing a little bit of top line for bottom line, the way that works, because I imagine players sense, when odds move, at least from your more kind of regular players can sense when odds move and maybe tweak their play accordingly?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. That would be fair.
Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer: And what I would add, I mean there's some players that we may not want to deal to anymore.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer: They may win a little bit, but between their cost structure and everything and they may drive a lot of volume, we would probably change the way we deal with those customers.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We disinvited quite a few customers of that nature, but to be clear on this point is that, what it's resulted in for the vast majority of our customers is a far better experience, they're being recognized in a more wholesome way for their play. What it has done is, it has discouraged some of the lower margin players that are professional from playing with us and encouraged the recreational gamer to play and get compensated and rewarded for their play.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's great. Very clear. And my second question would be for Grant, over Macau, but could you just remind us of, how much labor do you think you're holding on to at the moment probably in head count terms that you think can move or transition over to Cotai when you open? That would be really helpful for modeling.
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: We're still going through the details of that as we keep on adjusting, but we're in the numbers of about 500 to 550.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: The extra table count – or, sorry extra head count?
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: Of head count that we're carrying at the moment particularly in table games that will move to Cotai. Yes.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. And then just your overall staffing level at Macau and Cotai if you could?
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: So, for the current property, we're just sitting at about 5,800 and in the first phase for Cotai, because we'll be gearing up over a period of time, it's basically a similar number.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. For your RevPAR guidance for Vegas, are you still guiding to full year at that plus 6%? That would kind of imply Q4 being up around 6% or 7%, which I think it sounded like you're thinking maybe – you're putting a number yet that would be positive, but maybe not as high as that level, so just trying to think about how full your RevPAR shapes up in Vegas?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yes, I think, Robin, for the full year or kind of just the way the math works with the second quarter is kind of around that 5% to 6% level for the full year.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: And it doesn't change our view on the back half, it's just the way the second quarter falls out.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Right. We'll be clarifying that when we get a little bit further in, but with 7%, we'll see how we do. If we'd see 7%, then we still got a good shot at that for the full year. If we come in at 7%, it's going to be tough to make the full year guidance because of the hole we had in May.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then, I don't know if you would give kind of RevPAR by month in Q2, just as it sounds like it was, May was very different than April and June, just to get a sense of what those two months look like?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yes, I think the only thing I would say, I don't want to get into monthly, but both April and June were up nicely and May was just down, and down a little bit more than our expectations that May would have been down, and it's all around that weekend around the fight.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. June was up double digits.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yes.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: June was up double digits, I can't remember what April was up, but...
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: It's pretty close to double digits.
Unknown Speaker: Close to the double digits.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So, it really was the May over May. So, we had a really good June. Obviously, we've talked about how strong July was.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then, my last question is just for Macau, and looking at table allocations, and I know it's too early to know what they may be. But can you quantify how many tables you have banked at The Peninsula? In other words, how many you have that could be moved over to Cotai, if your initial allocation isn't as high as you might like?
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: I wouldn't say that we've banked any tables, but in terms of maximizing the utilization, we're probably in the order of 100, 150.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: I'm sorry, 100 to 150 in (53:10).
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: (53:10) depending on we could move capacity because we still have some utilization that we can build here, but we're actually trying to find more locations to put more tables on that floor, and so we continue to do that. But if we have to be reallocating tables, we could probably do that.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Thank you, Robin.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from John DeCree from Union Gaming.
John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC: Hey, everyone. Thank you for the questions. Great color so far. So just wanted to maybe, Dan, ask for a couple of housekeeping items. I was wondering, if you could let us know how much is left to spend on Cotai and National Harbor for the rest of the year? And then maybe a little bit more detail about the NV Energy exit expense and what you're thinking about kind of saving on a run rate basis from there?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Sure, John. In National Harbor, we'll spend about $450 million through the back half of 2016, and the total remaining is about $550 million, so we'll have about a $100 million tail into early 2017. In Cotai, we're just shy of about the half way point and as far as our spend to-date, we'll spend about another $900 million in 2016, with the remainder obviously in 2017. And then Springfield has started its demo and site and garage, parking work. We'll spend about $100 million in Springfield in the back half of this year.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: NV Energy?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Oh, and then on the NV Energy front, as we've talked about previously and it has been published, we have notified the PUC and Nevada Energy that we will leave the grid effective October 1. The third quarter, we will incur a couple of charges with respect to leaving the grid in totality the range from about $160 million to $190 million. There's two components. There is the impact fee for leaving the system, that's about $87 million. And then, as we paid today, and as we will continue to pay going forward, there will be a second charge for an accrual for some non-bypassable rate charges. That will be about another $70 million to $100 million charge in the third quarter. Those relate to charges from the time period of today going forward to contracts that exist through 2040. And that we'll accrue upfront. So once we have the charges behind us, we believe that we'll probably save on a go forward basis of the P&L kind of $20 million to $30 million annually and really control our destiny in terms of open market purchases and moving more of our energy to sustainable efforts and really take control of that overall process for ourselves.
John DeCree - Union Gaming Research LLC: Great, thank you. Very helpful.
Unknown Speaker: And, Keith, we'll take our last question.
Operator: Yes. Thank you. And our last question comes from David Katz with Telsey Group.
David Katz - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Hi, good morning. Made it under the wire. I just wanted to ask, when and this maybe a little bit early days, but you talked about your free cash flow ramping up and sort of you talked about dividends, and I was curious how you thought about the determination between dividends versus share repurchases and are they both on the table or would there be some reason to choose, I think, you mentioned dividends but not repurchases?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I did, David. This is Jim. This of course would be fully discussed, debated, vetted by the board. So I'm just sharing with you my view is at this point in time. I've been here 19 years, we've done both. We've bought back a lot of stock, we've paid special dividends, we've paid an annual dividend and it's my bias toward a regular dividend, because I'd like to establish a recurring disciplined approach toward returning cash to shareholders. But I might get voted by Dan and the board might – we'll talk about it. So, my inclination is, and our emphasis at MGM is to continue to improve our balance sheet, continue to show demonstrable progress to the rating agencies, continue to see a path to investment-grade which we think is within our grasp. And as that occurs, we develop additional discipline of developing a plan of returning cash to shareholders. It may result in share repurchases, it may be special dividends, but my inclination at this point in time knowing what I know about our business and this industry would be to establish and perpetuate a regular quarterly dividend.
David Katz - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Right. Both would be fine too, but I appreciate the answer. Thanks very much.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Thank you, David.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: And thank you all for joining us this morning. We're obviously around both at the MGM and the MGP offices to answer any follow-up questions and we greatly appreciate you joining us this morning. Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International Christopher W. Nordling - CityCenter Holdings LLC William Joseph Hornbuckle - MGM Resorts International Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Ltd. Catherine Park - MGM Resorts International
Analysts: Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Steven Eric Kent - Goldman Sachs & Co. Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Bill Hornbuckle, President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; James Stewart, CEO of MGM Growth Properties; Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please note, this conference is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo. Please go ahead.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Well, thank you, Gary. And good morning and welcome to MGM Resorts International's first quarter conference call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com. A replay of the call and electronic copy of the investor presentation we will refer to during today's call is available on the company's website. We furnished our press release this morning on Form 8-K with the SEC. And on this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in the company's periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q reports. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is also available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mr. Jim Murren.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, thank you, Dan. And good morning, everyone. I've got to say, I've the one been looking forward to this earnings call. We're excited to talk to you about our outstanding results and what we see going on, in the future. We've also mixed it up a little bit, we provided for the first time a really strong investor deck, we encourage you to go through that, we had a lot of internal folks working on that and we think it's extremely valuable to understanding the MGM story. We're clearly very pleased with our earnings results. We're also pleased that we've executed on the initiatives that we talk to you about. Our cash flows in the quarter were up 24% and our margins were the best that we've achieved since 2007. We're going to have a lot of time this morning for Q&A, but I want to brag on a few key highlights in the quarter. First, I'd like to welcome to the New York Stock Exchange officially, MGM Growth Properties. Last week, we completed that incredible IPO. It was the largest IPO to-date this year, and by the way, it's the third-largest REIT IPO ever. In the room, we have James Stewart our outstanding CEO and our CFO Andy Chein here and they are already hard at work, we're extremely pleased about not on the outcome of the IPO, but really more importantly what it means for MGM Resorts going forward. And I'm extremely excited about the future of both the companies. Now look, we've talked about Crystals a few times, on our earnings call. We said that, if we got the right price for Crystals, we would sell it and we certainly got the right price. We sold Crystals for $1.1 billion, that by the way is a really remarkable 4.2% cap rate. This was the largest sale of a single enclosed mall in the United States in more than a decade. As a result of that, CityCenter declared over $1 billion in dividends to its owners, of course, MGM is half of that, so we received $540 million in dividends. As a result of that transaction, in MGP, we've improved our balance sheet profoundly, that's a $1.6 billion of total cash that goes fully to debt repayment. Now on the profit growth plan, remember, we announced that about nine months ago and we set ourselves some very ambitious goals and I'm incredibly proud of the fact that our results have far exceeded our initial expectations and have really been astounding. We challenged ourselves to really redefine, literally how we operate every aspect of our business. And this required a comprehensive unprecedented team effort amongst the 40,000 people that were directly involved and the 63,000 total employees of MGM Resorts. And you can see the results, in the first quarter, our PGP realized $59 million of incremental EBITDA, and that includes our 50% contribution of economic interests of CityCenter. If you add that up, we're obviously ahead of schedule, because we had previously guided to achieving about $200 million of annual EBITDA by the end of this year. We also, if you recall, announced that we were committed to achieving a 30% EBITDA margin by the end of 2017, and you can see that we are clearly ahead of our forecasts on that as well. I think relative to this point, and I hope you look at the debt, because we've talked about in some great detail how we're achieving this. I want to emphasize the fact that the culture of our company has changed, and has improved. And it has been now won of relentless attention to continuous improvement, and not accepting the way things have been done for decades upon decades in the gaming industry, and not simply looking for the fix or the quick buck, but we're literally changing how we conduct our business. This has permanent long-term accelerating implications for our revenues, our profits and the culture and the enthusiasm we're working for MGM Resorts. Now, I know we're going to get a lot of questions on Las Vegas, the outlook on Las Vegas. So, let's cut to the chase and say we're doing great, and the outlook is strong. Last month, if you remember, we unveiled The Park, which is that entire entertainment district and a course, the T-Mobile Arena. What a start we've had there. It's only been a month, and we've hosted over 100,000 guests in the Arena and most of those people were visiting our Los Vegas, and most of the people that are booking new events are booking because they want to visit Los Vegas to go to the new T-Mobile Arena events, which of course is great for the entire town. A lot of energy there, a lot of energy in The Park, we've seen some great F&B numbers in that side of the Strip, and we think that the neighborhood only gets better, and of course we own the neighborhood. Generally speaking in Los Vegas, trends are strong and it's lead by very robust demand in the convention business, but also great growth in our other retail and leisure channels. As you can see in the first quarter, our wholly-owned Strip resorts achieved an 8% RevPAR growth, that of course is better than the guidance we gave you, we guided to 6%. And we continue to see great growth strength in that convention in corporate business. In fact, no deceleration at all inside and we're really proud of the fact, grateful that we expanded the Mandalay Convention Center when we did because it has allowed us to maximize the corporate business – high margin corporate business, while still maintaining a very solid and important tradeshow business. And because of that, we have a lot more flexibility to manage the largest portfolio of convention space in Los Vegas by a mile. I know you know we have a tough comp in May because we had the great Casino event, the Mayweather and Pacquiao event in May, but we're off to a good start, really good start here in the second quarter. We had a great April. And as a result of that, our confidence in the quarter remains very strong and we believe we can achieve RevPAR growth of 5% in the second quarter, even though the month of May is an incredibly tough comp because of what I mentioned. And that's because we did so well in April and we're looking great in June as well. And we have a great calendar of events at all of our venues, T-Mobile, MGM Grand and Mandalay Bay. MGM China performed well in the quarter, obviously it's a rugged tough market, cash flows have been impacted by the market and roughly by $9 million from a low hold percentage, but we see encouraging signs now in the mass business, and the key contributor to our profitability there is mass. So, that gives us good confidence. We believe in this story, the long-term prospects of Macau. We're highly confident that the quality of what we produce in terms of our great employees, our great offerings, our great service not only at MGM Macau, but what we are going to deliver at MGM Cotai positions that company, MGM China for renewed and solid growth, and of course, Grant is on the line and we'll tackle any of those questions in a moment. In conclusion, I just have to emphasize how deliberate we have been internally to execute on a plan that we promised to our board and we promised to you. We have literally fundamentally changed the way not only we are operating our business, but I've got to say, we're fundamentally changing the way operators operate in Las Vegas because we are the leader, we are doing better than anyone else here and people want to know how we're doing it and then they're trying to copy us. We are the premier operator here and in fact, in every market in which we operate. And we are right to brag about the fact that we have the best properties operating at the highest level in every market in which we operate. We're driving revenue growth, we're exceeding the revenue growth of the market, we're exceeding the revenue growth of our competitors, we're exceeding the revenue growth of the United States hospitality industry and we're exceeding the revenue, margin and profit growth of corporates here in the U.S. We told you that we would be absolutely lasered-in on improving our balance sheet, and we sure have. And we're getting, finally, the credit from the rating agencies, in fact Moody's gave us a two-notch upgrade recently, and I expect far more of those type of announcements in the future. We are the preferred developer in new markets. We win when we go in. We won in Massachusetts, we won in Maryland, we're building strong there, you can see the progress of Maryland by the way in investor deck. It's going to be the most spectacular integrated resort outside of Las Vegas that exists, and I think the most profitable one outside of Las Vegas when it opens at the end of this year. I have to say that looking at how we performed in the marketplace, we outperformed in every aspect. We are the leader in conventions, we're the leader in entertainment, we're the leader in gaming, and we gained market share. We benefited from the efforts of our PGP plan, our great cultural changes, our strong corporate finance and legal teams and we're incredibly proud of how we are doing at MGM Resorts. And we are as excited about MGM as we are about MGM Growth Properties and its future as well. And so with that, I'd like to turn it over to the operator and we'll take the questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And the first question comes from Harry Curtis with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for the incremental detail that you provided this quarter. I have two questions related to Vegas, both focusing on forward trends, booking trends. The first is, if you just take a look at the most recent booking trends over the last one month or two months for the second half of 2016 and into 2017, how is that booking pace and pricing? Jim, you mentioned that it's been pretty strong, I'm just wondering, if you can put a little bit of detail around that?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: I'm going to turn it over to Corey, he's got a bunch of stuff in front of him here.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. Harry, the actual second quarter looks really strong and actually the third quarter even looks better just from a convention base. We're looking at significant increases in rooms. In both those cases, the price increases also, they're decent given where we are in the market. So I think, when you look at that base and look at where the leisure and FIT's booking, we feel pretty strong about where we are right now.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: When you look at this back half of 2016, given the guidance of up 5% in the second quarter, is the back half at a similar rate or better?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Our third quarter continues to pace pretty strong, Harry. Fourth quarter is probably our toughest comp for the year, but that being said, we feel pretty good about how October and November is shaping up from a convention standpoint. And we think the back half of the year will be as good as the first half.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, Harry, we are at a point here, where – have we ever been better in terms of our convention bookings – we are right now at an all-time record in terms of the amount of convention space, amount of conventions we have on the books in the year, for the year, the amount of bookings that we have on a quarterly basis, that our convention mix, which was a record last year is going to be higher this year. And, yeah, it's a tough comp because we did so well in the fourth quarter last year, but we're off to a tremendous start. Do you want to say anything more, Corey?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I think when you look at it from a percent of mix on 2016 will beat 2015, which was a record year and take us to a new number mark, as a percent of convention. And we're doing that with the additional space at Mandalay Bay, but we are still constrained to some degree in peak periods of how much space we could rent. And so we'll continuously look for opportunities to move business around and also invest in opportunities to continue to feed that business.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: So that leads to my second question, which is 2017, if you are already at a record mix of group. How much more can you push that in 2017, are you seeing it more in the shorter periods?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yes, we are. And also remember – yeah, we have more on the books in 2017 than we do now. And remember ARIA is adding 200,000 square foot – square feet of convention space and we're able to repurpose some of our other spaces here. Remember also with T-Mobile as a new asset, a really important asset in the market that frees up Mandalay's Event Center and sometimes MGM for more conference space. So, we have over 3 million square feet of convention space here in Las Vegas. We obviously, vastly exceed our competitors. And we have more on the way and we have the ability with the great sales team to move stuff around. So, we fully expect to have a better year in 2017 on the convention business than we do this year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: And as a reminder, CONEXPO comes back in 2017.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: That's a good win.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Yeah. That is a really good win. Thanks. Thanks, guys. Great trends.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thank you, Harry.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, everybody. Obviously, the 1Q contribution related to the Profit Growth Plan was ahead of what most of us had modeled. Jim, can you give us what some of the big buckets or the big drivers of that $59 million was? And I'm assuming it's a little bit more OpEx related than revenue related?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I'm going to hit the high points and then, I'll turn it over to Corey or to Chris. We studied a lot of great companies that have gone through a similar exercise. And one other things that the best companies have done, the ones that have had the best results, they've told us very clearly, they said, they establish a plan, the plan is based on initiatives that they and outside consultants help them identify. Then they setup a target number and no ones to get into it, they realize that some of those initiatives aren't going to work, but they find dozens and dozens of other ones they never even thought about. That's happened here in space. Almost everything that we identified is working, but we have found dozens and dozens of other initiatives we didn't think about. And it's because we've changed the way all of us think about our business. And it's a big contributor to driving revenue as well, being more thoughtful at the front desk, being more thoughtful about pricing, being more thoughtful about our convention business, working together to yield the huge portfolio of properties that we have. And as you can see in the deck, we got very strong results on the cost side and many thing – the exciting thing is, many of the biggest dollar initiatives are just being launched now. So, do you want to add some other points, Corey?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I think in the deck, we go through a lot of those examples, Joe and everything from airplanes, to wine up-sells, to room up sells, to how we manage labor. We're about 45%, 50% – 45% revenue, 55% expense right now. When it's fully implemented, we expect to be a third on the revenue and two-thirds on the cost. So there is still some opportunities on the cost projects that take a little bit longer to see the flow through, but we're extremely pleased with the way our teams are performing and have stood up to the challenge.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, I'm just looking at something Chris Nordling gave me, it's across every single department, right Chris. I mean, we're getting revenue profit growth in our casino departments, look at our slot revenue by the way. Here much more money we're making in our slot department than frankly our competitors or how we used to do. There is an example. In our Hotel Division, our Entrainment Division. Retail which was never a particularly great department for us is a record year last year. Last year and it's off to a great start here. Our F&B profits, where we cut G&A. And really, it's across the board and Chris, how many people do you have working in the PMO office on this.
Christopher W. Nordling - CityCenter Holdings LLC: We have about 40 full-time running initiatives and team leads on all the projects, you know our best people.
William Joseph Hornbuckle - MGM Resorts International: So, this is like a bunch of people in this room, sitting around a room and saying, could we dream up some stuff. There are 40 of our best and brightest men and women that have left their jobs internally within this company, going into a new job in this project management office and are driving with project leads that are even more senior to them, these would be property presidents, senior and executive vice presidents that are leading individual initiatives that are driving this effort. So, I don't, and by the way, the other message that's really important on this, that we learned from the best and brightest companies. This isn't something that has an end day. This should go and go on forever. We're not going to go back to the way we used to run our business or frankly the way most companies run their business. And this is, as in the Japanese term of Kaizen, means continuous improvement, that's the way we are running the company now.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: And Joe, the other benefit that we're seeing that we don't count in these PGP numbers is just a laser focus on the operations efficiency. So just to give you an idea, we're down about 1,400 FTEs and probably 60% of that is PGP, the rest is purely operators being very focused on our proper staffing levels and making sure that we're as effective as possible.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's helpful. Thank you. And then I have a Macau question, I don't want, Grant to feel lonely over there. Grant, how much of this labor expense are you carrying at Peninsula that you planned to ultimately shift over to Cotai?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Ltd.: Well, at the moment, we particularly in gaming, and basically got all of them management, because management is in place, so it's probably around 500 FTEs.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And will they translate into dollar amount?
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Ltd.: It doesn't work quite like that, but it's a significant amount. It's probably maybe 25 basis points to 30 basis points in margin.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Great. Thanks guys.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: And the next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, everyone. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. Just as you guys look at the 2Q to 4Q period and obviously, maybe looking at the 2Q more specifically, since you provided the plus 5% guidance. Would you be able to possibly breakout the various segments of the business, i.e. convention, leisure, other casino, et cetera and kind of give us the sense for where you are getting the most pricing power, which of those segments you're seeing the most pricing power, as you go through the balance of the year?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Sure Carlo, much like last year, we've seen good strong pricing in convention and leisure is right behind actually, in overall pricing and that trend has continued. Corey got – getting through the details right now, but definitely leisure and convention had been our two strongest segments.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. All retail has got to.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I mean if you look at our, what we're expecting from our websites and call centers, that number ADR impact will actually be higher than the guidance, we've given. And that's because, the solid book of base that we have. So that looks pretty strong, leisure channel looks strong, I mean it's pretty consistent across the board.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. I think Corey, if you don't mind, if I could follow-up on that. Just in terms of the percentage of room nights that are booked right now through third-parties relative to your direct channels, do you guys have any color on that, that you can provide? And is that possibly a future opportunity to drive stronger net RevPAR?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: So I think that trend is very consistent across the hotel industry right now, where you're seeing that business increased significantly, and for many reasons including the investments, that Expedia's put in. They are a very strong partner for us, I think there are opportunities with websites and our royalty program, to shift some of that business and that would obviously increase our RevPAR. I think we're constantly looking at it. We're strategically looking at it. I know some of the bigger chains have been very aggressive and how to attack that. I'm not sure that we believe that's the right strategy, how we use them with our other – with our FIT and convention strategy in maximizing RevPAR that way.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. That's a good point, Corey. I just can't over emphasize how unique the Las Vegas market is, and how different we are versus the broader U.S. And Expedia is another dimension of saying the same thing which is we're Expedia's largest customer here, and we have a very good relationship with them as well. And they know that we're the home team, we have 42,000 rooms here, no one anywhere in any market has as many rooms or has the higher percentage of rooms as we do in a rapidly growing market like Las Vegas. So, we have a lot of programs, we work with all of our vendors that maximize and actually start with the basic philosophy that Las Vegas market is unique and you cannot look at the Las Vegas market like you look at New York. We have no new supply coming online of any major extent. We have rising visitation, we have improving room product, because of renovations we and our competitors are making, and we're a vital, vital market on the global landscape. So I read about what's the some of the other companies are having, we don't share that angst, but we're having a very good relationship and we're seeing growth in revenue in all of our channels, FIT, our retail business, our leisure business and we're able to do that, because of our unprecedentedly strong convention business.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: The next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone. Maybe one more question on what's going on in Las Vegas because obviously, the trends there are great. But when we look at some of the non-room and non-gaming components, it does look like the trend across the wholly-owned resorts there actually still down a little bit, at least on the top-line basis. So, part of that's probably initiatives you guys have in place, but could you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in some of those businesses? Any headwinds or anything you're doing to reposition, what you might be doing in retail, entertainment and F&B?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Well, maybe I'll tackle one of them. And Corey, will probably tackle the F&B, but on entertainment for instance, we made a strategic decision obviously, on our entertainment focus where that line item is down year-over-year, but that decision was when we teamed up AEG to build the new T-Mobile Arena, part of that deal beginning with this year on the opening was the MGM Grand Garden would become part of that joint venture. And so, it's part of that joint venture that now is a least entity within the MGM complex. And so, we no longer report the revenues of all those events and that revenue is now basically just a minimum leased stream and that's in partnership now with the new T-Mobile Arena. We obviously manage the day-to-day and all of the programming at the arenas, but it's part of that joint venture. So, there is some strategic decisions that we've made that obviously, has caused some of that shift. Obviously, we've had the showroom down at Monte Carlo for the new Monte Carlo Theater that will come online later this month, I mean later this year. And then in the first quarter, we also had for an extended period of time, The Love Show Was Dark over at The Mirage as we are making some modifications to the show and some enhancements with our third partners there, during the first quarter. So, we had a few less in-house shows during the first quarter.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: And Shaun, what I would say is, you're right. We are strategically looking at our business and slot is a perfect example, where we're actually up in the tough market, but we're really driving the bottom-line. And we're up almost $12 million in profitability in slots. On food and beverage, we're seeing pretty good spending trends there. When you have more convention business, some of that goes into the catering line. So, the restaurants are doing fairly well. We'll keep adjusting based on the changing market needs, I think The Park is the perfect example of that, the outlets in The Park are medium--priced, approachable. And we're seeing a lot of that, especially in Vegas to be able to give a diverse variety and change out some of the restaurants to adjust to where the market is now, but in general, I think we're pretty happy with this spend, we're being strategic about it, we're making sure that we make as much profitability, that's our main focus, and then to drive the top-line with that goal – that's where we're focused on right now.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. Maybe, just to sum those two good points up. We have meetings constantly on revenue per occupied room. Total revenue per occupied room and profit per occupied room. So, where we find opportunities to drive revenue and profit, even if it means shifting out of some departments into others, we will do that. And that would be something, I think you should focus on going forward as our revenue and our profit per occupied room, which is rising and that's a result of a lot of these investments that we're making in areas where we think the consumer is going to be more receptive to spend money.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you for all the detail. And maybe to switch gears a little bit, Dan, there has been a lot of, obviously, kind of big strategic moves that have – that impact the balance sheet here a little bit, and I was wondering if you can give us a little bit of outlook on the CapEx inclusive of sort of the expenditures required for Cotai, so we can – as people on the call here can begin thinking about the prospects for free cash flow as we look out to the openings of National Harbor and then Cotai in 1Q 2017?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Sure, Shaun. Our guidance as far as what we gave on our last call has not changed materially in any respects. We got about – over in Macau, we got about $1.5 billion in CapEx planned over the next 12 months. And largely those dollars, obviously, are all for MGM Cotai in getting that property to its completion by the end of Q1 next year. And that's how we see the largest CapEx development on the table right now. National Harbor for the full year is pacing about $650 million to its completion by the end of this year, in terms of its overall cash needs and our maintenance and growth within our properties is roughly running in kind of a $425 million to $450 million range for this year. Springfield will probably be, the first order of business is, obviously, the site remediation and site prep work that the team is undertaking there and the first real construction dollars, will be focused on building the parking garage there, over the next 12 months to 14 months and that will probably be about $100 million to $125 million in CapEx for Springfield.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And by the way, a lot of us were just down at National Harbor. It's awesome. It is really unbelievable. So, take a look at the investor deck and see – usually when you do a rendering, that building doesn't turn out like the rendering, but you could see how we're following the vision here and the level of excitement. We're going to have over 40,000 applications for those jobs that we're going to hire at the end of this year. And the workflows that we're seeing out of our great National Harbor team have been really spectacular. And the creativeness is going to be outstanding and the building is coming out really remarkably well.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: The pictures are great. Thanks for that.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Just a...
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Good morning.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Just a quickie on National Harbor, I think in the release, it still says end of the year, do we have an exact date?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: No, it'd be in the middle of December.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
William Joseph Hornbuckle - MGM Resorts International: But probably second week of December.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah.
William Joseph Hornbuckle - MGM Resorts International: We're targeting December 9, but probably a month before we put a pin in it, but we're targeting December 9.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I didn't want to say that, Bill, but...
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Thanks for that, Mr. President. We're going to say middle of December and we're targeting for some date that Bill might have mentioned.
William Joseph Hornbuckle - MGM Resorts International: Put pressure on me.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So I think I heard like November 27 or...
William Joseph Hornbuckle - MGM Resorts International: No, no, no. I'm not ruining my Christmas holiday. I don't know about you, it will be opened before Christmas.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. So to get to my real questions here. Regarding the gaming trends on the Strip, just with the 6% decline in table volumes, I was wondering if you could just call that out. Was that entirely due to Baccarat or was that also mass tables. And then assuming the growth in the non-gaming trend in Vegas continues, which it seems like it will. Just wondering do you think it's driven more by moderating gaming revenues or increased spend in non-gaming or both are – how are you analyzing that?
William Joseph Hornbuckle - MGM Resorts International: Right, who wants to take it, Dan or Corey, or Cathy, do you want to take that?
Catherine Park - MGM Resorts International: Sure. Well, the 6% decline in volumes, we actually did pretty well – most of that was due to Baccarat, actually, our non-bac table gaming volumes were up. So to answer your question, most of that was due to non – was due to Baccarat.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. So I think what we're seeing is, we held pretty well in Baccarat, the Far East is still hanging in there, although still struggling a little bit. But our national play is strong and you're seeing that in the non-Baccarat not only drop, but win.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then...
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. And I'm just looking at some other things. China was – our play from China-source play was still down a lot and Chinese New Year was slow as a result of that. But as Corey mentioned, our other non-China Asian business, we've had good – much better results out of Japan, other parts of the Far East and that has helped, ARIA did very well and obviously we have a very large marketing team. So I think of course, we have the largest marketing team. So we've been able to move our emphasis on markets, where we feel like there is more fertile territory for developing customers, that has had an impact and we've been focusing more on domestic play.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And domestic is up...
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Our rated domestic play has been up about 7% in the first quarter, offset by a decline in our international rated play.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then we've just been kind of looking – just get to my other part of my question, we've been looking at these – I think we've all been looking at these trends where we've been seeing moderating gaming revenues and increased non-gaming. So just wondering, if you could talk about that phenomenon regarding the people that you see coming right? Obviously, you're growing your convention business and is that kind of cutting into the gaming side of things?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I think, my guess is and anyone can jump in, my guess is that our non-gaming revenues and profits will continue to grow more rapidly than our gaming revenues and profits. And part of it has to do with the nature of the business, part of it has to do the investments that we're making, expanding convention business, building arenas, hosting music festivals, developing more F&B product, and been able to find more corporate business, more hotel business. The National business is going to completely be driven by the U.S. economy, the U.S. economy is doing well, better than I think the news would tell you. Certainly, we're seeing it, in terms of good play and in terms of the spending trends across our portfolio. And what we like about our company is we get to see all kinds of customers, the customers who check-in the Circus Circus and the ones who check-in the Bellagio and everything in between. And we're seeing, you can see this in the results, but we're seeing increased consumer spending in these areas. The International business is the one that has always been troubling to us ever since the recession and we don't have as much visibility, in terms of how that business is going to grow. We know we are the largest market share provider in the high-end here in Las Vegas by virtue of having the three properties that cater to that, but I just don't have a visibility whether international gaming is going to grow. I do believe the national gaming is going to grow. It is, as Dan mentioned, but I believe that our non-gaming revenues and profits will grow more rapidly. Anyone agree or disagree?
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And just quickly Dan, housekeeping. Just wondering what the current balance of your NOLs is and when you expect to be a cash tax payer?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: We're actually a cash tax payer today, not at the full rate given our foreign tax credits, but we're actually a cash tax payer today. And the NOLs are pretty minimal at this point in time, it's really based on our foreign tax credit at this point in time.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And how long...
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: For effective rate.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. Our effective rate, right now is basically about 17.5%.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And then do you foresee in the, I don't know near or mid-term getting to a full rate?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: I don't see that really changing for the next few years.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Two questions. One is, I know you gave a lot of color by quarter on Vegas RevPAR, that's very helpful, thanks. But just wanted clarify should we – as we put that all together, is that still – you had talked about a 6%. So, your RevPAR outlook at one point, is that still kind of roughly on track if we put all those pieces together?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Well, Robin, when we gave that guidance, we thought we'd do around 6% in the first quarter. So, we're ahead of that pace at this point in time. So, I would have to say that if anything we – our confidence level has increased significantly since we gave that last guidance.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then on Macau, when you had, last quarter had pushed back the opening to Q1, one of the factors you mentioned was kind of market conditions. Now sitting here a couple of months later, how do you feel that market conditions? In other words, is there – actually answer if market conditions are kind of similar to what they were two months ago in your view that that opening to maybe even go past Q1 of 2017?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Grant, do you want to tackle that or Bill?
William Joseph Hornbuckle - MGM Resorts International: Grant, why don't you speak to the market, and I'll speak to the project.
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Ltd.: Okay. So, when we were talking about market conditions, I think the other critical point for us is the timing of all the projects both in terms of logically the ramping up periods and we are seeing some – the ramp up is taking a bit longer. And the other component of that is obviously recognizing that Macau government is sensitive to bringing the projects on at a particular price. So, we see some positive signs in the market in general. I think everyone is talking about stabilization and if you look at our numbers, our mass numbers are generating 86% of that EBITDA now. So, they're pretty strong. We had a really good April, so we're starting to see some traction and we are seeing collective quarters of that, so I think to get ourselves into that 2017, assuming that others get open as they say, they're going to get open, is probably good timing and then I'll turn it back to Bill to say, getting the project done.
William Joseph Hornbuckle - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Grant. In context to the project, Jim and I and others, Dan will be out for a board meeting later this month. And we'll make yet again another assessment. We're roughly slated to finish construction end of October, early November and then remembering the last part of this process really resides with the relationship between signoffs between ourselves and the government, which pushes into we believe end of first quarter, that may trickle over that, but I think, we'll have some real clarity on that around the month once we have hands on view yet once again of where we are.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning. So, the Bellagio, had the highest EBITDA in entire Vegas market, for the first quarter since the second quarter 2012, so it's quite achievement. So, EBITDA was up $26 million, $27 million year-over-year, can you just talk about what drove that and expected sustainability of the performance? Thanks.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. Thanks for noticing that and not only that, but its outstanding margin. And if you have some time, you might want to compare it to its competitors in the market. Maybe also, look at how many rooms Bellagio has versus its competitors as well. We've been able to drive really great growth in our room product, we renovated those rooms. They have been received extremely well. We've added a couple very popular F&B outlets. The convention business is extraordinarily strong at Bellagio, to a point where we're studying on a preliminary basis where could we add a little more space here, because it's an extremely good problem to have. Our slot and table business has been outstanding and this is the best property in Las Vegas and it improved it in the first quarter. Corey, do you want to?
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I think it's general across the whole property. We're seeing increases not only in revenue, but there are probably – we've always had our luxury properties benefit probably the most from the PGP and so, you're seeing it on the expense side also. Slots have actually an all-time record in the slots for the first quarter. So they are just – it's quick in on all engines, I think the properties never been better, the upgrades we've made with the restaurants and the facility have all been well received. We have some new executives in there that are really clicking and really taking the property to the next level. So I think when we look at it and you look at the margin there, the margins are always been right up there, with any luxury property in town and then now it's beginning to outpace any property even by that much more.
William Joseph Hornbuckle - MGM Resorts International: And keep in mind, because it's sometimes frustrating to us, that Bellagio is not our only luxury property, it's not the only property that we dedicate our energies on our International and National Gaming business to, it has two other formidable competitors in ARIA and the MGM Grand. So, if you were to look at those properties and then obviously ARIA had a great quarter as well and as well as the Grand and think about how we're doing, vis-à-vis the marketplace in any aspect of the business. I think there could be only one conclusion is that – for this quarter at least and I think it's going to continue, MGM Resorts is the best operator in this town.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. And then pass over to Grant. Grant, two quick questions. We just had made Golden Week, what does that feel in the market during that week in your opinion? And then there has been some talk about banning all proxy or phone betting. What your thoughts about the potential ramification there? Thank you.
Grant R. Bowie - MGM China Holdings Ltd.: So, on your first question. As I said, the end of April was really excited, gave us a good month. And then the Holiday has been quite good and is run through probably next two days or three days. So, we were all pretty satisfied, came out looking pretty good. The key issue for us was we saw some customers come back and we're applying at some really good rate. So, we're starting to see some traction with some increased volumes, that's what the trend that we're looking for. On the proxy betting, I think it's saying – it's going to be a government announcement in the next few days to clarify the situation with that. And clearly, our position will be that we will follow the direction of the government. As I said 86% of our EBITDA now comes out of the mass, so whatever happens in the notion of proxy, it will probably be yet another continuation of pressure for the junkets themselves, but it probably is not going to be that significant for any of the operators, certainly not significant – that significant for us.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Steven Eric Kent - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, good morning, three questions. First, just on the costs saves, when I hear you all speak about them, they sound similar to somewhat with The Mirage, MGM merger, reductions, the expense reductions during the financial crises, are these opportunities, Jim, that just naturally escalate and you have to go back every few years and that's why you're saying the culture has to change? I just wanted to understand that little bit better. And then any sort of EBITDA guidance on the JV operating income, CityCenter comes out because of the sale of Crystals, what can we expect in terms EBITDA from the T-Mobile Arena JV and any operating income, do we expect operating income from the JV broadly to be down year-over-year in 2016. I'll leave it there, because it's a multi-part questions.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Sure. I'll tackle the first one and then – and anyone jump in on that. Interesting insight. And I think there is some points of comparison, but more I frankly more stark contrasts, so when MGM and Mirage combined back in 2000, it was really a focus on eliminating duplicate positions, eliminating duplicate corporate functions, consolidating areas that had been completely utterly independent and then to a degree that we were able to do 16 years ago, try to use a larger scale for better procurement and it really was more, I think, a function of some one-time if you look at it, savings, it really impacted positively, impacted the margins of Mirage Resorts in the year, so post the May 2000 acquisition. Then fast forward to the Mandalay Resort Group, we basically did the same thing. What we did here was, from the very beginning, we were conscious not to try to do – go down that path. We already felt that our labor is at one point, the largest variable cost. Our labor expenses were reasonable. We have been tracking FTEs since The Mirage acquisition days and our FTEs have been flat to down, and more importantly, we look at labor in a lot of other metrics, labor per occupied room, labor per food cover, labor in a ways that would show and I think we're going to have an Investor Day coming up that will show you that, our labor costs have been decreasing along the way. So, in this case, in the PGP, it was really challenging ourselves to do things very, very differently, where – how we procure. What kind of procurement policies do we put into place, how do we pay for our product? What kind of terms can we generate? We've been reducing the number of vendors that we deal with in every channel going from dozens of different vendors to a handful, and what that does to stability of product and pricing. Looking at more thoughtfully, how our volumes are being generated and using technology that did not exist in 2000 to schedule and use our buildings more efficiently, making investments, we didn't buy any planes when we bought Mirage, we sold planes. We bought planes, not because we needed new planes, because we needed more efficient planes and the planes that we have today, the only fleet of its kind in this industry operates at half the operating costs of the traditional fleet and that's important, when you're spending hundreds of hours a year per plane flying customers into Las Vegas. And looking at really how we are leveraging also different game types, different products on the casino floor, I have to say it's a very different program than we had before. And I think that it really speaks to – and I could tell you as someone that was there on both deals. We didn't have a 42-man and women PMO office that was reaching out. We didn't have [Bain] initially. We didn't use the resources that are available today to change the culture of our company. And so I would think that did we – did we have expense creep, which is kind of part of the question, probably after The Mirage acquisition. When everything was great, we're having record years in 2005 and 2006 and 2007, and we thought we were really smart and we turned out that there are a lot of things we could have done better, but this is a very different program and we're using technology more than we ever did before.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: And the other thing I would add, Jim, is we are really focused on centers of excellence and bringing new skill sets into our industry, including areas like analytics where the industry has done an okay job, but now we're going into much more advanced analytics, that help us match our forecasts with our labor needs, with our customer service needs, and we're very focused on constantly improving that customer service experience.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Why don't you brag on her for a moment.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: On Elisa.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah, sure.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: We just hired Elisa and was not just hired, she has been here probably like six months. Elisa Gois, she came from Host Marriott, no, just Host, right.
Catherine Park - MGM Resorts International: Host Hotels & Resorts.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. And we're happy to have her here to stand up an analytics team. Now what we used to do is we used to have analytics teams at every property with a multiple layers of people. So the FTE cuts, that you are seeing here are more strategic, more business-oriented and more permanent and they're relating to inefficiencies of an old way of doing business, compared to new technologies, new methodologies that are out there for us today.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And I think, once we get you all in a room, we're going to show you some of these things. We talked early on about the employee dining room where we were wasting so much food, which is really – it's criminal to waste the kind of food that is wasted in the United States. So we reduced our food waste to provide a better product, but providing in a fashion that is more efficient. What we do in terms of linens and terry, our programs there have changed dramatically. What we're doing in terms of amenities and supplies in terms of – how many – Chris how many different kinds of shampoo bottles did we have?
Christopher W. Nordling - CityCenter Holdings LLC: 16.
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: 16? That's a smart move. So when we put the two big acquisitions together, we had some big high-level things we knew we needed to accomplish and we did, but from the ground up here, this is a very different program. And I think the next question was on CityCenter.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Well, Steve, I think it was on your guidance ...
Corey I. Sanders - MGM Resorts International: JV.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: On JV EBITDA and their contribution. So as you know, we don't give EBITDA guidance. What we did do in the investor deck is we did highlight some things for you to consider as you're modeling out, some of the impacts at the joint venture level. CityCenter comes to mind, obviously with the Crystal sale, that will be discontinued ops as you saw in the first quarter going forward. There'll also be a gain on the sale of Crystals in the second quarter and there is some final depreciation adjustments in the Zarkana Theater for April that will hit the second quarter as well. We laid all those out in the investor deck. I think the important thing to note on these joint ventures is, when you look at CityCenter, you look at Borgata, these are balance sheets that are less than four times leveraged. They are throwing off a significant free cash flow and that is a huge opportunity for the owners of these assets going forward and obviously, we own both 50% of Borgata and CityCenter. And I just saw with the Crystals dividend, I think you will see more dividends and more free cash flow opportunities from these joint ventures going forward, more so than we have in the past.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. I think when we made – I think we made it well – remember, when we made our 30% target goal, we also said at that time that this company MGM Resorts would be an investment-grade company in a very short period of time. Obviously, with these two major transactions, the Crystals and the MGP transaction, we've accelerated that timetable even further, that combined with the dividend potential of all of our enterprises including MGM China as soon as MGM Cotai is opened, and the free cash flow we're generating, gives us great comfort that we're going to get there in a really relatively short period of time.
Steven Eric Kent - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks for those insights.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Steve.
Catherine Park - MGM Resorts International: We'll take the last question.
Operator: The final question comes from the Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. So, Jim, I guess the first question. I know it's still early on, but with the T-Mobile Arena opening up about a month ago, can you just give us some color around? So when there is a big concert and I know Billy Joel was there and some stuff like that – what did the trends look like at the properties around the Arena?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: Yeah. We've had better attendance on these shows than we had predicted. We have had far greater activation by the sponsors. They are hosting their own parties, whether it's obviously T-Mobile itself or Toshiba or the other main sponsors, that generates not only revenues for the joint ventures, but activation in the area. We've seen tremendous numbers out of the Beer Garden and the leased venues that are along the park. We've seen improved gaming numbers at both New York-New York, and The Monte Carlo, slots and table volumes are up, and specifically event-driven tremendously. And it's not just in that finite area, it's radiating around, so if you go around at New York-New York to Tom's Urban for example, or go to The Nine Fine Irishmen or wrap around the corner in front of Monte Carlo, you're going to see double-digit gains over 20% gains in bars and lounge revenue and profit. So the foot traffic is up tremendously, we think that the programming, we've had some events in The Park itself, that have been really fun, activating The Park has its own place for art festivals and food festivals and that has generated – and by the way it's generated a lot of local interest as well. For us that live here in town, we know that you've really come to the Strip unless you're working like we are or you got someone from out of town visiting. But we're finding more and more locals coming down and going to Harlem Globetrotters or going to The Killers Concert or Billy Joel, and we got a big fight this weekend by the way, and we're activating The Plaza as well. So really extremely pleased with the result so far and it's got us very excited about the future of Monte Carlo, something that I've alluded to in prior calls. But we've taken a good look at this building and believe that amongst our entire portfolio, it has the most profit upside through a repositioning. And so we've been working as you know on that as well and there will be more to come and when we're prepared to talk about it.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks for the color. And then second question, real quick question. I don't know, if you will be able to answer this or not, but when you look at The Grand and you talked about The Grand being a pretty formidable competitor to The Bellagio. With The Garden arena there now, and I guess you look at The Grand only having about 600,000 square feet of convention space. Is that something you guys would look at basically changing out relative to the number of hotel rooms there? I guess, I'm trying to get as The Grand seems like it has probably not as much convention space as it possibly could need?
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: We are – we've been for the last five months undergoing an internal inventory review of our entire portfolio here. And what we don't want to do is, build and expand too rapidly and then not being able to fill that space going forward, we're just be – we're trying to be very thoughtful on to knowing what the trends are, which are extraordinary in 2016, 2017, 2018. But trying the guesstimate what we're going to be in 2018, 2019, 2020 and that's harder obviously. The one property that that stands above our others in terms of an obvious ones for growth of convention business is the MGM Grand. The MGM Conference Center was built the year I joined the company.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: That's right.
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: And it was built and located, because there was going to be a development that would've more seamlessly connected the MGM Grand to the Conference Center, that development we stopped. And so, that's an area where there's no doubt given the 5,000 plus rooms, given its location proximity to the airport, it's brand, it could fill off a lot more convention space and the good news as you know about convention space, it's the least expensive space to build. And the ROI on the Mandalay Convention expansion is outstanding and we didn't talk about ROIs, but I'll just stand on this point, if you think about the way we're spending our capital today, because we have no intention to building a new full-scale resort here. We are spending a lot of money here, but in areas where we believe we'll have immediate, and very strong returns. And I would say the 5,300 seat theatre at Monte Carlo is a really good example of that. When that opens up next year, or late this year, Bill Hornbuckle has got a line of people, he'd kill me if I announce.
William Joseph Hornbuckle - MGM Resorts International: .
James Joseph Murren - MGM Resorts International: He is reaching over the table, but believe me, Wynn, we're going to be able to announce a series of A-plus residency acts that will occupy that and make that investment, that $90 million investment, a very good return for us. So that is how we are viewing capital in the Las Vegas Strip, is looking for ways where we can build on our strengths and spend a manageable amounts of capital to drive above average returns and one of those areas where we think we can do that at the right location is in the convention space and I would say that MGM is on the top of that list.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks a lot. Thanks for the color. I appreciate it.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - MGM Resorts International: Thanks, Steve. And, Gary, I think that brings us to our allotted time of an hour. I know we got started a little bit late, but we're clearly and obviously around all day-to-day to enter any follow-up questions and we greatly appreciate, everyone, for joining the call with us this morning.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd. Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer Christopher W. Nordling - CFO, CAO & Executive Vice President, CityCenter Holdings LLC Sarah Rogers - Vice President-Investor Relations
Analysts: Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Bill Hornbuckle, President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please note, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Well, thank you, Keith. And good morning and welcome to MGM Resorts fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com and a replay of the call will be made available on our website. We furnished our press release this morning on a Form 8-K to the SEC. And on this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. We hope to have a robust call today and answer any questions that you have and clear if any confusion, because we had a great quarter here at MGM in the fourth quarter and for the year. As you saw, our cash flows were up 15% above consensus year-over-year, that's actually three straight quarters of double-digit EBITDA growth and that also by the way represents the best fourth quarter we have had since our record quarter back in 2007 and the best cash flow year that we've had since 2008. Our fourth quarter margins on the wholly-owneds were up really remarkable 330 basis points in the quarter. CityCenter continues to shine. It had record cash flow in the quarter and for the year and our regional resorts also produced excellent cash flows in the fourth quarter and each had their best fourth quarter cash flows on record. Over Macau, Grant will talk about our achievements there shortly, but I have to say that I'm proud of the team's ability to really work through the market, enhance our operations and maximize the efficiencies there and you can see that, that has led to continued margin improvement. And through those efforts, we believe MGM China is really well positioned when the markets improve, but as you've seen before, we hold up pretty darn well during turbulent times there. On the Profit Growth Plan we talked about last year, I'm very pleased to say that we are ahead of schedule. We're now six months into it. We've made many accomplishments already thus far. I'm very, very proud of the incredibly difficult but excellent work that has been done internally here and they pour their hearts and minds into this program. In the back half of 2015, we really evaluated and thoughtfully initiated many ideas across every department within MGM Resorts, casino, food and beverage, hotel, and that means all of our domestic resorts. And as we've said before, we're going to be very transparent to you on our progress on this important initiative. So, I can say with pride that our PGP resulted in over $35 million of realized benefit to our property cash flows in the fourth quarter alone. That means, we've achieved over a $65 million in that short period of 2015 as a whole. We're very pleased to report that we're ahead of this plan, because as you recall, we previously guided to achieving about 10% or 15% of the $300 million of total cash flow by last year's yearend. We're very committed to this, and in fact, engaged and inspired by it. And we believe that our goal is very achievable, which is to realize about $200 million of the $300 million of cash flow by yearend this year, and to get the full $300 million, hitting the bottom-line in 2017. This, we believe, will help us achieve our 30% target for property cash flow margins by 2017. And as I said, we're well on our way to achieving that, and we're very confident in our ability to do it. Here at home in Las Vegas, we continue to see strength in the market, which of course MGM is both a contributor to that strength, and the single largest beneficiary. The Las Vegas Visitors and Convention Authority reported new record, as you know in visitation of over 42 million visitors that beat last year's record by 3%. By the way, that is an additional 6 million annual visitors on to the market since 2009. We expect the visitation to continue to grow this year in the marketplace and the hotel KPIs are all up. McCarran saw its fifth year of consecutive year-over-year passenger increases and we've seen seat capacity continues to rise this year and in fact, it's going to be up about 6% plus in the first quarter alone. With all the success Las Vegas has only recently enjoyed, it's very important to note that we are still below our prior peak levels as a city. The city is 9% below its prior ADR. It's 12% below its prior peak in RevPAR. MGM's wholly-owned Strip resorts are also below its peak levels by 7% and 10% in ADR and RevPAR, respectively. We clearly have more room to grow. In a country where many cities have not only met, but have significantly exceeded their prior peak RevPARs, it's Las Vegas' turn to take center stage. And of course, MGM is the best positioned, most leveraged company, in order to participate in that. And why will that happen? It's because we have literally no new supply growth in the near-term, unlike many major markets here in the U.S., and that of course helps the home team and MGM is the home team. We have solidified our position here in Las Vegas as the destination choice for large scale meetings and conventions. You know that citywide convention attendance grew dramatically last year up 13%, and I can tell you fortunately, we continue to see great strength in 2016 and 2017 and 2018. I think Dan will talk to that specifically, but suffice to say that when we completed our expansion to the Mandalay Convention Center, which really fully was only done this year. We had hoped for significant increase in our convention bookings for Mandalay. We're well ahead of what we had hoped for in terms of bookings into that very important convention center. That was preemptive on our part. We saw that the convention business was coming back to Las Vegas. We wanted to keep ahead of demand and I can tell you that we are very confident in our ability to fill and in fact outgrow that space over the next couple of years, which is why last year, late last year in December, we announced our plans to expand the ARIA's convention center. Demand there is remarkable, vastly exceeding the capacity that we have at ARIA. And because ARIA has been so well received and is literally the most sought-after conference facility in Las Vegas, we're adding 200,000 square feet to it and it will be very technologically advanced, it will be highly flexible, it will be the state-of-the-art in this marketplace, and it will be completed next year in early 2018 (09:44). I think that when you see this, you will know that ARIA with over 500,000 square feet of convention space, when it opens in 2018, I should say early 2018, we believe that you'll find a significant increase in ARIA's convention business as well. And of course, ARIA had a record in terms of cash flows in the quarter and the year. From a standpoint of what do we see in the market, people ask us this quite a bit, and so, we need to give you a couple of data points before we get into your questions. It's about creating experience this year, creating reasons to come to Las Vegas again and again. We've been at the forefront of that as well, of course. And before we report our next quarter earnings, many of you will be out here, because on April 4, we're going to debut the park that we've been building, which is spectacular, and we're going to be debuting the new arena. The new arena, with AEG, I think is the most highly anticipated project that we've seen in Las Vegas in over a decade. The response here has been incredibly overwhelming, not only from the public, but from the performers that are literally fighting one another to get gigs, dates into the new arena. Looking at a list of concerts that we are going to have this year, ranging from The Killers, to Garth Brooks, to George Strait, Guns N' Roses – that's for Corey, Janet Jackson – that's for Dan. We got a lot of sports events coming, because we're doing a bunch of fights, UFC contests, a lot more concerts, college basketball, et cetera, et cetera. And in fact, if you're wondering whether we can fill these facilities, you look to no sooner than the very first weekend, when we open up the new arena, when on that weekend, we'll have major events at both the new T-Mobile Arena, the MGM Grand Garden, and the Mandalay Events Center. And we're going to have over 50,000 guests, fully occupying those events, those arenas in one weekend alone. We think it's really the great time for us to leverage our strengths here in Las Vegas. We've been waiting for the market to be as robust as it is right now. We've been a bit jealous about the great strengths in cities like Orlando and Miami, Miami and Chicago. Las Vegas is pulling ahead now of many of those markets in terms of its growth, and we think that our ability as a leader in this market to meet and exceed the macro trends here, because of our capital investments is very, very high. We're excited about this Profit Growth Plan, which will enhance margins, yes, but also add to the overall profitability of our company as we continue to grow our portfolio outside of Las Vegas. And we are extremely pleased with the progress that we have made through maximizing our shareholder values, through the creation of MGM Growth Properties. On that front, we've made a lot of progress since we chatted with you last. We announced our all star team from the investment banking world, James Stewart and Andy Chien, they came in from Greenhill, they're the CEO and CFO, Wall Street veterans, deal junkies, really smart folks that are going to run MGM Growth Properties for us. James and Andy are perfect candidates to run this enterprise, given their backgrounds, their enthusiasm and we're proud to say that they and their families are moving from California, the tax state of America to Nevada, the state of business. We also announced our independent board members last week, that's important as well. We're very deliberate in finding folks that will be independent, be additive and be very knowledgeable in the field of real estate, which is why we brought in Tom Roberts, because of his governance background, Mike Rietbrock, who many of you know on this call, who consistently outshined me when I was an analyst on Wall Street and we've brought in an internal candidate that is tremendously knowledgeable in the REIT space, in the hotel space. Elisa is our Chief Analytics Officer. She came from Host Marriott and where she spent many years there literally, driving analytics and strategy for that company. They are going to be very instrumental in guiding the path of this soon-to-be birthed New York Stock Exchange public company. This is an exciting time for us. We are prepared to launch this company soon. We're not going to rush into anything, nor do we have to, but we certainly are getting ready and we believe it's going to be exciting for our shareholders at MGM Resorts, when they see the opportunities. Really on that last point, I'd have to say that though the transaction merits should be obvious, we look at this in terms of MGP, as truly an opportunity to grow that enterprise through acquisition, through the opportunities to acquire assets, either from MGM Resorts or from third-parties. We are noting with very great pleasure that trading multiples in the triple-net lease space have held up well. And I think that confirms our strategic thought process, when we went down this path last year. And we'll have more to talk about that in the coming months, but suffice to say, we're well on track. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dan.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Thanks, Jim. Looking at our fourth quarter and full year results, our fourth quarter was led by continued strength across our portfolio of domestic resorts. In Las Vegas, we achieved 2% and 14% year-over-year growth in fourth quarter net revenues and EBITDA respectively, primarily due to the outperformance of our non-luxury Strip resorts in the quarter. Fourth quarter wholly-owned non-luxury Strip cash flows were up 47% year-over-year. Our fourth quarter wholly-owned Strip margins increased 286 basis points as a result of strong hotel results as well as the positive impact from our Profit Growth Plan. These quarterly results are quite impressive, considering our table game revenue was negatively impacted by a lower hold percentage year-over-year. This impacted our wholly-owned Strip EBITDA by approximately $20 million in the fourth quarter versus last year, with most of that being felt at the Mirage, which was most impacted, which was roughly $14 million of the $20 million alone. Our non-gaming offerings remain a key driver of growth, particularly in our hotel business, as we continue to see strong demand from both convention and leisure segments. Our wholly-owned Strip properties achieved 12% RevPAR growth in the fourth quarter, exceeding our previous guidance. This was driven by an 18% increase in RevPAR, at our non-luxury resorts, and a 9% increase at our luxury resorts. Our convention mix as a percentage of total occupied room nights was an all-time fourth quarter best for our company. And for the full year, we were able to beat last year's record of slightly over 17%, as we achieved a record of about 18.5% in our convention room night mix. As you recall, we started the year with a goal to meet or exceed our previous 17% record. And throughout the year, our sales and yield teams have done an outstanding job of maximizing our convention space to reach this all-time record high in convention occupied room nights. And I think they're just getting started. Looking ahead, the demand for our resort portfolio continues to be strong. Our contracted forward bookings for 2016 are already approaching 100% of our goal. And we continue to be encouraged by the quality of the convention customers and the growing lead volumes. With this backdrop, we believe we're well positioned to beat last year's record high mix, while continuing to grow rate. We also anticipate wholly-owned Strip RevPAR growth of 6% in the first quarter. Our regional properties, as Jim mentioned, had another great quarter. Net revenue and EBITDA grew by 6% and 23% respectively, led by increased table game volume and hold with a backdrop of the improving domestic customer, property margins grew by over 400 basis points. Moving over to CityCenter, all four segments of CityCenter resort operations showed a year-over-year growth. ARIA led the way with the increase in EBITDA of 43% over the prior year, driven by higher table game volumes as well as hold and a 7% increase in RevPAR. Vdara cash flows were up 23% for the quarter, driven by a 13% increase in RevPAR. And as you saw in this morning's release, with the anticipated conversion of the theatre and the additional meeting space at ARIA, that resulted in about $20 million acceleration of deprecation in the fourth quarter. That $20 million will continue each month at CityCenter for the first four months of the year, until we take the theatre out of service. So, that will impact what MGM Resorts will pick up, in terms of that depreciation on your EPS modeling going forward of about $10 million a month for the first four months of this year. Looking at corporate expense in the quarter, it was approximately $15 million higher than we had previously guided, primarily due to costs incurred to accelerate some of the initiatives related to our Profit Growth Plan, as well as some expenses related to the relocation of certain entertainment shows. As we incur some addition costs on the corporate line item over the next couple of quarters, related to PGP and our MGM Growth Properties transaction, we expect our corporate expense to be roughly $70 million in the first quarter. Switching over to give you some guidance with respect to CapEx both in the quarter and for 2016, during the fourth quarter, we invested approximately $177 million in CapEx related to our existing domestic operations, bringing the full year total to roughly $490 million. On the development front, we invested $113 million at National Harbor and a couple of million – $2 million at MGM Springfield during the quarter, bringing full year CapEx on these developments to approximately $360 million for National Harbor and $35 million for MGM Springfield. During the fourth quarter, MGM China spent approximately $174 million, of which $171 million was related to MGM Cotai. That brings the full year spend at MGM Cotai to approximately $543 million for 2015. So, to help with your modeling for 2016, we expect our CapEx to be as follows: our wholly-owned domestic resorts will be approximately $440 million for maintenance and growth at our existing properties, as well as some corporate and also includes the expenditures to complete The Park, The Monte Carlo theater and the new Excalibur parking garage, to name a few. Our development projects in National Harbor, as we aim to bring that property online by the end of this year, we'll have roughly $670 million of spending there; in Springfield, as we begin to ramp up those construction efforts, will be approximately $125 million. Not to be outdone, Grant is going to spend some money as well, and he is looking at $1.6 billion to continue the construction efforts for MGM Cotai, and about $75 million of that number is related to MGM Macau. With that, I'll turn it over to Grant for his comments.
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: Thank you, Dan. Good evening, good morning. These calls come around pretty quickly. So, as we look at the past quarter, MGM China has consistently operated with agility and delivered through challenging market conditions and certainly, this quarter has been no exception. In the fourth quarter, MGM China recorded net revenue of $499 million, and an adjusted EBITDA of $140 million before license fees. This is a 2% increase sequentially quarter-to-quarter. We're able to grow our margins by a full 2 percentage points from the prior quarter, driven by cost discipline, and increased business mix from our main floor operation. In fact, our main floor business accounted for (24:14) in the fourth quarter, a record. We are seeing some stabilization in the market led by the mass segment and Macau mass – GGI has shown improvement for two consecutive quarters. Meanwhile, MGM has focused on continuing our growth and yielding our database and its efforts have driven an increase in the main floor player accounts for the quarter. The MGM China board today also announced that we are recommending a final dividend of $46 million and this is subject to shareholders' approval at the annual general meeting. As mentioned in our press release, for MGM Cotai, we've made a strategic decision to move the opening of the property. And this is based on current market conditions, the timing of other property openings. We now expect to celebrate the opening in Macau by the end of the first quarter of 2017 and importantly, there is no change in the current budget of $3 billion. We are working closely with our contracted China site and are confident we'll be able to deliver this quality property. This extra time is also important as it will allow us to further fine tune the offerings in what is a very rapidly evolving marketplace and ensure that we're able to capture all the efficiencies that are possible, while at the same time, presenting a spectacular product, offering what we all know of the unique MGM experiences to this market. I'd also like to conclude by saying that, as a Macau-based business, we recognize that our long-term success depends on our commitment to the whole community. Therefore, we have continued our focus on training and developing the local team, while our volunteer team in 2015 contributed 5,800 hours of community service and this is a record for our company. And while we've always been committed to buying locally, with more than 80% of our purchases from local businesses, in 2015, we took this to another level by taking the initiative to establish our MGM Small and Medium sized Enterprises committee, which is made up of local business owners and professional, to help us develop new and innovative ways to engage and work with the local small and medium-sized enterprises. We are very proud to be a Macau-China business and we look forward to further contributing to the development of Macau. And with that, I'd like to hand back to Jim. Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you, Grant. I'd just say a couple of brief things and I want to get to your questions. We had obviously a busy year last year. The converted CityCenter started paying its first dividends. We announced a PGP plan, and as I said, it's tracking really well. And we of course announced a very transformational transaction when we announced MGP. Those actions last year, we believe set MGM up for another great year in 2016; got a lot to look forward to. We're off to a very good start in the first quarter. In the second quarter, we opened up the arena, The Park. Later that year, we're opening up a theatre at Monte Carlo. We have the opening at the end of the year of MGM National Harbor, which will be stunning. And moving into next year, of course, we have Grant's project in Macau, followed by MGM Springfield in 2018. We are well ahead of our plans as it relates to Profit Growth Plan, and we're dedicated to this being a way-of-life at MGM, improving margins, increasing efficiencies, driving revenue and cash flows, not only restoring the profitability that we had in 2007, but exceeding it because of the growth of our company, the scale and the way we operate. We're excited about MGM Growth Properties. We're going to have a lot more to talk about in the coming months. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to the operator, so we can get to your questions.
Operator: Yes, thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And the first question comes from Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi, guys. And good morning, Jim. Normally, it's your custom to give some sense of what to look for as far as pricing both in the near-term and then, for the year. Can you give a sense of what you're seeing so far on the RevPAR front in Vegas?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, maybe I'll start that since you called me out Harry, and then I'll turn to my left and my right. Dan gave a concept of RevPAR I think in the first quarter, didn't you, Dan, up 6%. That would be better than the RevPAR growth we had in the first quarter of the prior year, and it's because we were off to a very good start. CES was outstanding for us. We did well as a market. MGM I think picked up some share there. It set the tone for the first quarter on the convention side. We had tremendous bookings in 2015, in fact, this is a fun fact, I think. We booked an all-time record of a $0.5 billion of business last year for this year, next year, and that is pretty remarkable. 98% of this year is already on the books, as it relates to our convention business. So, booking in the year for the year will mean that we're going to have to be creative and move people around, and if anything that will add to RevPARs in that segment. We're seeing some good strength in the second half. We typically don't give guidance outside of the current quarter, but just because you asked, we're seeing good growth on the convention side in the second half of this year. Rooms are up significantly, ADR is projected to be up, revenue overall up. And a lot of that are corporates and over half of it for sure. The financials, tech, those are leading sectors, but pharma and the biomed industry we're seeing a lot of activity there as well. So, from the standpoint of what we can discuss, typically, it's mostly on the convention side, as I said we're off to a good start, we beat what we thought we could do last year on the convention side both in terms of revenue and mix. We're off to a good start here in 2016, and because of the remarkable progress of bookings last year, we feel more confident than we typically do, given some thought in terms of the back half of the year. Anyone want to add to that?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: What I would add, Harry, we saw the pricing strength especially during the big conferences like CES, we had a record day for the entire company. On the first quarter, the big challenge there is Easter comes at the end of March, which is usually a slower period of time especially on the convention side. So, to show our mid-single-digit RevPAR growth for the first quarter, I think, is pretty strong with – especially when you look at our last year's RevPAR growth.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Corey, just a quick follow-up. When you consider the business that's been done so far. Can you give us a sense of attendance, cancellations compared to history? Is there anything to indicate any softness?
Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer: The – just looking at the fourth quarter, our attrition was 9%, which is usually lower than normal. Depending on what's convention, I would say the majority of them have showed increased attendance, there are a few that are flat, but in general if CES for example is an example, there is a nice little increase there.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: So, Corey, just attrition, I didn't understand the answer on that part. Was attrition 9%, is that good or bad?
Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer: That's great. Our usual trend is about 10%, we've been running about 12%. So, 9% is excellent for us.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. Okay. Thanks, guys.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Harry.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, thanks guys. Dan, you provided a little bit of color on the table situation in the 4Q, in terms of the $20 million EBITDA impact. In the press release, you guys talked a little bit about slot revenue decreasing 3% in 4Q. The market I believe just from a GGR perspective was up like 6.5% or 7% in the 4Q. So, I'm wondering, if maybe you could reconcile some of the commentary in the press release regarding the accrual for slot points and how that might have made things a little bit distorted.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Sure, Carlo. I'll take that. The – our actual slot win in the quarter was up about 1%. And when you look at the year-over-year comparison on the revenue line item, we're actually down because of that prior year accrual adjustment to our slot revenue numbers. So, our win was actually up marginally, but for the revenue side of the equation, from an accounting standpoint, the tough comparison was really in the contra revenue account for slots.
Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer: And what I would add, Carlo, is a few things, one, we had fewer events in the Grand Garden from the year before and at Mandalay Bay. Two, I think with our bigger convention mix, we were – the year before, we probably pump that area a lot, especially the lower end casino side, which is probably not a great margin business. So, we were – we thought about not doing that in the fourth quarter this year. And then finally, if you look at some of our competitors' numbers, they obviously pumped up some of their rooms, which they didn't – haven't had in the past, which would improve the market's growth in the – in Las Vegas.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, right. I think just to summarize that last point. So, I think what we're saying is that we had more slot promo activity in the fourth quarter of 2014. We did that to fill rooms in the fourth quarter of 2014 with much more convention business in the fourth quarter of 2015, which meant we pulled back on some of our slot marketing programs. And as a result, our slot margins and our profits were actually higher in the quarter.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, everyone. And then, Jim, if I could just ask a follow-up bigger picture, as you think about the company structure today, obviously several JVs and that will expand a little bit. Have you thought just bigger picture more strategically about anything that you might want to do going forward with some of the joint ventures, obviously some of which are levered, lower than the overall company that maybe it'll get full credit for et cetera. Have you thought anything along the lines of maybe the best way to address that as we're looking ahead?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we have – I think we view this as a marathon and we have a few legs, maybe it's a decathlon, because we have a few legs of this race. Number one, we need to be assured that we're making the right decision here with creating this triple-net lease REIT and we believe we are making the right decision. It's required a lot of our corporate finance, legal accounting work. We've made a lot of regulatory progress on this, and we feel like that is a priority to properly birth this new company, this UPREIT this year and make sure it's on a strong footing. And by the way, you'd have a great fourth quarter if you were to pull out MGP's properties in a great year. Its RevPARs, in fact, better than rest of the company. Its RevPARs in the fourth quarter up 12%, cash flow was up 17% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. For the year, MGP properties were up 7% in RevPAR, up 14% in cash flow. So, first order of business I think is to do that. The second, and this is on a parallel path, is to look at our portfolio to determine where we can provide value to the shareholders through a corporate finance transaction. And obviously Crystals would be front and center on that given the very low cap rates, and the high attractiveness of that asset. And suffice to say there'll be more to discuss on that, sooner rather than later. The third point to answer your question would be do our joint ventures change their capital structure, do they dividend out more money? Certainly possible, given the low leverage in a couple of our joint ventures. Do they change their capital structure, because we get little or no credit for the actual ownership of many of those joint ventures, because the way you all value companies from an enterprise value to EBITDA perspective. Certainly worth discussing, do they become opportunities for the new company, MGP going forward? Obviously, part of the discussion, and how do we continue to fulfill the promises that we've made in terms of deliberate deleveraging of MGM Resorts International, and deliberate growth in our cash flows. And I have to say that, we have a lot of tools at our disposal to do that. But we're very focused here, we have a – not a large corporate finance team, but a mighty one and we have a clear vision of what we should do over the next year or two years. And if we execute on our internal vision, we think everyone is going to be well rewarded including the shareholder employees like the people in this room that are working at the company.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's great. Thank you very much.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Carlo.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I have two questions. One on PGP, and then, one on MGP, and I'm tired of initials here. On PGP, the $35 million of EBITDA contribution in the 4Q is certainly more than we – I think most were expecting. And I ask this question maybe in the context of maybe sort of expectations getting or not getting ahead of expectations. But, would you look at the quarterly contribution throughout 2016, to the quarterly contribution that you saw in the 4Q? How do we think about that or how are you thinking about that, Jim?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. You want to have – we're going to ask couple of people answer that, because maybe, Dan, you can start on the quarterly, just to get a sense of pace on that. But we have a special guest star in Chris Nordling, who is running that program for us, and he could give you a little more color on why we're confident about our ability to perform there.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, Joe, you're right. And as Jim mentioned, we are ahead of where we thought we would initially be. We got out of the gate pretty quickly under Chris' leadership and the rest of the project management team's leadership. We were able to achieve in certain areas faster and quicker than we originally thought. Probably about half of the $35 million impact was from revenue ideas and initiatives, and the remainder were on the cost side of the equation. So, we think those are some of the quicker, easier-to-market initiatives that we're benefiting right now. I think what you'll see is that, that creates the baseline for us on a quarterly basis to kind of grow as some of the larger, more complicated initiatives that we've been working on, will start to roll out either late in 2015 or start to roll out here in 2016 and gain more traction throughout the upcoming months here in 2016. And so, I think we're ahead of pace from that standpoint. I think some of the more complicated larger initiatives will start impacting the 2015 first couple quarters here.
Christopher W. Nordling - CFO, CAO & Executive Vice President, CityCenter Holdings LLC: And so, Joe, this is Chris Nordling. You might remember when we first talked about Profit Growth Plan, it's 400 ideas or 500 ideas as a group company-wide. As we got it organized, and set up our PMO office and our change management office, and got control of exactly what we're doing. The top 50 ideas represent a little over $300 million to $350 million. We actually implemented about two-thirds of those ideas in implementation stage by year end, which was a little bit ahead of our pace. And as Dan mentioned, those last 18 ideas or 19 ideas are coming in this 2016, are the most complicated ones. Some of them requiring technology changes to fully implement them and get those. But the progress to-date has been overwhelming for our teams as they push through that. The commitment at the operating company level between our operating presidents and our CFOs and our general staff top to bottom is unbelievably excited about pushing through. And you'll see, as we move through 2016, you'll see PGP kind of winning away (43:20) and continuous improvement becomes the talk of the day, because this is embedded in the core fabric of the business going forward, and that's really what we're after long-term. And Joe, the other thing I would add, those PGP amounts we're talking about are specific initiatives that we can identify, but the mindset in the operations is definitely there. For example, in the fourth quarter, we're down a 1,000 FTs, and the PGP initiatives have touched very little FTs. So, it's flowing through the whole operation.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then, my question on MGP. Jim, you had mentioned, it's a vehicle to grow the acquisitions, whether it's MGM or others. That comment intrigued me or others part comment intrigued me. I know, it's early days, but is there a pipeline related to other acquisitions or non-MGM related assets that you guys might be looking at?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'm getting like a stare down from my lawyer across the table here. So, if I get muzzled, it's because of somebody else, but I'll give it a shot. Look, we could have dusted somebody off the shelf and inserted them in as a CEO of MGP, I could have done that, could have found someone we like that we know well, that have had a fine career in gaming, and given him a job and found some CFO that looking for work or something. These – those two hires should be very illustrative, very illuminating to you and to everybody. We were deliberate in our search. We looked at people in the triple-net lease space, we looked to people in the hotel REIT space, we looked at hotel operator space, we looked at former gaming people and the resumes of James and Andy speak for themselves in terms of their experience, transactional experience in gaming, lodging, hospitality, entertainment. They're in the prime in their careers and they're not sitting around waiting for the phone to ring. The Board that we put together, very deliberate in terms of a premier corporate governance person, a highly regarded Wall Street person, a highly experienced and regarded REIT executives now working for us. MGP is not going to be in my opinion in after thought some captive subsidiary of MGM Resorts. It will be, its own company with its own governance, with its own flight path. And we hope to see it grow rapidly because, no one benefits more from MGP's success than MGM Resorts. No one benefits more from its ability to grow internally, as it did with the properties in the fourth quarter and for the year. Its ability to execute transactions, to continue to grow, its ability to be a counterparty, potentially to transactions that we enter into with them, because of the (46:59) that MGP has on our projects at National Harbor and in Springfield, and its ability to grow outside of anything that MGM Resorts has cooked up or has got in mind. The gaming landscape is very diverse, and there are many assets out there, that could be very appealing. And I can't speak for that company, it's only not now in this state. But I think it would be pretty obvious to say that there will be lots of opportunities for that enterprise, whether or not MGM Resorts manages anything that ends up making an investment in. So, we're very, very deliberate in this, and very excited about its potential for the MGM Resorts shareholders, because of its ability to diversify and its ability to really – I think ones and for all answer a question of what are our assets worth at MGM Resorts. What are the physical assets as well as our operating brand assets worth and I think the market will determine this, once there are two separate companies.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning. Can you give any color on year-to-date gaming trends both in Macau and in Vegas? Obviously, we had Chinese New Year and we've had a couple of months behind us. So, any color would be helpful. Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'll take Las Vegas, while Grant has another super quality. What time is there, Grant?
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: Just coming up 1 AM.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Oh, lovely. The things you do for our company, Grant, thank you again. The first quarter as I mentioned, not only off to a good start from a convention perspective, but we had the Super Bowl and I could say that we had a record sports book volume, during that period of time and we're in the midst of Chinese New Year now. So, it's really premature to give you an update except to say that we got a lot of people still in town. I'm not sure about the volumes, it might be down a bit, volume wise, but as I said, lots of people in town. Going into the year, we have a bunch of activities that are gaming related, a good fight coming up, when is the Canelo fight?
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: May.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: In May. We got a Pacquiao fight, he made some news, didn't he? We got a Pacquiao fight in April. We've got all the arena events. We have a young lady singing, I've never heard of. What's her name?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Ellie Goulding.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: What?
Sarah Rogers - Vice President-Investor Relations: Ellie Goulding.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. But I hear she's great. So we have a lot of casino events. Yeah. I think it's – the colleagues here who have daughters made a point on that. So I would say that given the activity that we've seen at least early days really super early days in Las Vegas as it relates to Super Bowl which is a really good indicator of national play being – having that kind of national play was very rewarding, seeing what's going on in terms of our activities, I'd have to say that that's a positive. We know that our Chinese business has been down so we anticipated sluggish volumes during Chinese New Year's, but as I say we win and lose every day in that, so it's really early days on that part, but I have to say we're pretty pleased about how the year is beginning. So, I'll turn it over to Grant.
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: So, thanks, Jim. So, let's pick up probably from the start of the year, so I will pickup in January. We started to see some positive signs. I don't want to get carried away with it, but if you take in in even say our premium mass business, we were looking at like a 12% quarter-on-quarter growth. Historically what happens in the early part of Chinese New Year is quiet and it was particularly quiet but then we did see a big surge where we were seeing traffic comps that were 30% to 40% above than regular weekends which is a good sign because I don't think it's possible anymore just a method against previous Chinese New Year period. This Chinese New Year period even in Macau has actually seemed to extend a little longer for us. We probably got an extra three or four days and strangely enough some of that appears to be because businesses in China are actually took longer holidays, and people were travelling. So, particularly in the mass area, not just Chinese New Year, but January and for the prior two quarters, we are quietly optimistic that we can see some performance improvements. I don't want to get carried away and suggest that this is going to be the start of anything huge, but it is important to us. And when you put it in the context with the quarter that we had where we did a 28% margin, and as we've seen business moving from the VIP into towards the mass business that's really very solid. So, the critical point to remember is when you see the mass grow, it actually has a significant positive impact in the overall performance of the businesses, and so that's where I think you're going to see the trends moving forward, that's where we've always focused. So, not wanting to get carried away, but quietly optimistic that we can see some performance improvements moving forward. Starting to see some signs of some growth, getting some incremental traffic, getting some new and positive indications in terms of new player signups, they're all good signs to suggest that we've got some opportunities moving forward. And that's really important, because we understand, we've got to grow significantly through Cotai. Is that helpful? Is that sort of enough color for you, or is there anything I also can help you with, Thomas?
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's great color. As a quick follow-up, do you expect MGM Cotai to open before or after Parisian?
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: I'm no longer in the position to understand how anybody opens. So, I think the critical point for us is, we've made a decision when we think is the best time for us to open. So we're actually just focused on ourselves, and that's why we made this decision now, because it's really important that we wanted to be in control of this decision, rather than trying to dance around other people's decision. So that's where we're at. I would suspect that they would open before us from what we're being told, but it doesn't really affect us because we're focused on the plan that we've set for ourselves.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Very helpful. Thanks Grant.
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, there. Just wondering, and I'll throw this out for all or any of you. When we think about your performance for next year, just how should we think about the relative performance at the core properties versus the luxury properties? Do you expect both segments to contribute equally? We've seen some really strong nice recovery in the core kind of end of your portfolio. So just wondering how you're thinking about that for next year or this year I mean? Sorry.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: You want me to take that or you'd jump in?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We expect that to continue. I think it's important to – I have to take a step back because its stocks down, which we don't understand. The breathless headlines of losses in Macau are absurd. We wrote up MGM China by $3.5 billion in 2011, and we reversed some of that this year. And the other part of the mix was simply purely tax. On every other basis, we obviously exceeded anyone's expectations and the reason why I bring that up, is when you look at what even happened in the fourth quarter, it should be illustrative of what's happening. In the fourth quarter, we had a great fourth quarter here in Las Vegas. And even properties that didn't do as well as they did a year ago in many cases were well ahead of their budget. I mean I'm looking at the MGM Grand, crushed its budget in the fourth quarter by over $20 million. What's happening here in the first quarter is nothing but spectacular from a standpoint of looking forward into 2016. Our RevPARs are growing. I don't remember a time when we talked about the second half of the year here in February, but because we see such strong convention business, which accrues to the benefit of all 42,000 rooms, but particularly to the core properties, as evidenced in the past, I would have to say that the core properties are off to a great start and also have a lot of runway here for 2016 on the revenue side. On the profit side, to have over 300 basis point improvement in margins, company-wide, think about what the margin potential is for the core properties and the luxuries, but really the cores which were devastated by the recession. And look at their peak to trough margins and how we are very determined to bring those back to peak margins and with PGP, I think we'll get there. As it relates to the luxury properties, ARIA had a record, Bellagio had a monster quarter, and we're off to a good start from the standpoint of the activities that we see in the year. And so, setting ourselves up for 2016 is as exciting for us as in any year that I can recall. So, I just wanted to make that – put that in context is that we have now put ourselves in the catbird seat as a market, relative to other markets in the United States because of the literally no supply and surging demand for Las Vegas as a product. We, at MGM, will beat the market as we have in the past; because of the capital investments that we are making, we'll beat the market I believe on the revenue side and certainly, we'll be able to drive that revenue down to higher margins and higher profitability from a cash flow side. And I think no property – I could tell you in the budget that was just approved by the board, no properties looking to be down year-over-year. Many of them are looking to be up substantially, and it's because of the capital investments that we've made and because of what we see on the books already.
Sarah Rogers - Vice President-Investor Relations: Keith, we'll take the final question.
Operator: Yes. Thank you. And that comes from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you. A couple of things just to clarify, and there were some overlapping calls. So I apologize if you said this in the first few minutes, but you'd previously talked about the MGM Growth Properties IPO being a Q1 event, is it still something that we can expect in Q1?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We didn't give a timetable. We said we're on track. So, which means that from the major points that we needed to get across – to get accomplished, I should say, one would be regulatory, made great progress there, not that there was as much to do for us as other companies. Second was with the SEC, tremendous progress there. The third was to work with our underwriters and our bankers to setup the capital structure and I think Dan and Jim Freeman and the team have done a really great job with very strong demand from our commercial bank partners. So we feel very, very good about the capital structure. And now it's a matter of working – finishing up the S-11, making that a public document, establishing a roadshow schedule, establishing teach-ins, none of which we can discuss with you today in terms of the timing, but nothing we said last November I guess when we talked about this has changed in terms of our timetable.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's great. Thanks. And a follow-up question about the Cotai opening being moved to the end of Q1, I know you said that or Grant said that, you weren't as worried about kind of when others are opening. Does that mean, if another property also got pushed to the very end of 2016, would you be comfortable opening within the same month or two as another property? Or would you think potentially, if there are delays in some of the other projects that are scheduled to open in 2016? Would it make sense to even push back past Q1 of 2017?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, you want to take that? I'll maybe start, Grant, and then, you can jump in. We took this decision internally as just a smart financial decision. We didn't have to push this off a few months. We did so because we feel like it's in the best interest of the MGM China and the MGM Resort shareholders. It certainly benefits 2016 from a standpoint of less pre-opening expense in the back half of the year. It certainly allows us to reduce the amount of over time that we would have to incur, to rush to a deadline. And it certainly allows us to make sure that we have the best possible product when we open. There's no way of us knowing when the other guys are going to open and there's no way we're going to pace an opening based on somebody else's opening. That would set false precision, because we don't have their internal dialogue or timetable, they're not going to share it with us and if they did, it might not be correct because people have certainly missed published deadlines multiple times in the past. I think what's important from our standpoint is that we keep to our budget, which I'm proud that we're doing, that we produced a great product, that we open it when we believe it's ready. We open it from a standpoint of making sure that we thought about where the market is and what's happening and we don't open too soon because that would incur an awful lot of needless costs. And so, I think that brings you to our timetable and really the thought process to why it is the Board of MGM China felt that this was in the best interest of the shareholders.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. That's helpful. Thank you. Just my last quick one is, I heard the comments on Q1 RevPAR and that it's maybe not as big of an increase just because of the holiday shift which makes sense. Did you kind of give color on what full-year RevPAR, I guess we can assume it would be higher than 6%, but I don't know if you've said a number?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You want to tackle that, Corey?
Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer: Sure. Yeah. I mean, if you look at what we did last year, last year first quarter, we did about 1.1%. It's usually one of our tougher quarters and with March flowing in there this year, makes it – I mean, with Easter flowing in there this year, it makes it a little bit harder. As we continue to press rates and continue to enhance our strategies, I would hope that we would continue to be able to grow RevPAR greater than that 6%.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So...
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: What was our RevPAR last year in the first quarter, it's only like 1.5% or something.
Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer: 1.1% on the strip.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So, on the strip, we're only up little over 1%. The fact that we think we're going to up 6% this year and you saw what we did for the year, it certainly gives us some really good momentum going into balance of this year. That combined with the bookings that I talked about earlier in the call and the fact that we literally are almost completely booked out for 2016, which would require us literally because we know we're going to get in the year for the year, and we always do. It's going to mean that we're going to be able to move some people around and be more creative on our spaces, and that will have an impact. And really in the second half of the year, as we build momentum, is why we were able to feel comfortable giving you some second half guidance as well.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Great. Well, thank you all for participating. We've run over a little bit, so we apologize for that, but we appreciate your participation today and we'll be around all day for any follow-up questions. So, thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-31 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Murren - Chairman and CEO Dan D'Arrigo - CFO, EVP and Treasurer Bill Hornbuckle - President Corey Sanders - COO Grant Bowie - CEO and Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Limited
Analysts: Joseph Greff - JPMorgan Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Shaun Kelley - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Robin Farley - UBS Chris Jones - Union Gaming Joel Simkins - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Bill Hornbuckle, President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there'll be a question-and-answer session. Please note this event is being recorded. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo
Dan D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, operator and good morning and welcome everyone to our third quarter earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com and a replay of the call will be available on the company's Web site. We furnished our press release and Form 8-K this morning to the SEC as well. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find the reconciliations of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our Web site. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim Murren.
Jim Murren: Well, thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. We have a lot to get through today and a lot of exciting news. Before I dive into the quarterly results I’d want to first briefly address the big news of the morning. The Board of MGM and its executive team have come together to announce as a result of an exhaustive strategic review which we have outlined with you on many calls before. MGM Resorts intends to create a real estate investment trust or a REIT. This is not a spinoff but a newly formed REIT and it will be a publicly traded subsidiary of MGM Resorts. We will call this company MGM Growth Properties. We believe that this transaction is going to create significant long-term value to our shareholders and position MGM Resorts at leadership position as well as set the framework for MGM Growth Properties to grow rapidly in the future. Before we get into that transaction I think I'll make sure we're going to have a lot of time in Q&A for, this is as you know an earnings call. So, we want to first start with our very fine results in the third quarter. As you can see we outperformed in every market in which we operate in the third quarter, our wholly owned domestic resorts we had the best EBITDA in the third quarter in seven years. And in fact it was the best EBITDA growth quarter since 2007. I think I just want to reflect that not for a second and thank the men and women of MGM that have produced such an astonishing growth in our cash flows in the third quarter. Our margins of our wholly owned domestic properties increased over 400 basis points year-over-year, that was driven by both our Las Vegas and our regional resorts and in fact it was also the best margin growth quarter we had as a company since 2004. But I think that speaks to the quality and the diversity of our resort offerings which are obviously unrivalled in Las Vegas and we believe that competitive edge is only going to strengthen when we continue to focus on our profit growth and bring on new amenities for our guests, our customers. Notably the new 20,000 seat Arena that opens up next year at the Park along with the 5,000 seat sitter that Monte Carlo would get by the end of next year. Over to CityCenter, their resort operations increased EBITDA at an astounding 20% year-over-year. That entire campus continues to thrive and grow literally across all its segments. And in Macau Grant and his team have worked really hard to maximize profits and that was evidence that you could see in the sequential margin improvement that Grant was able to achieve. As you know back in August we announced our profit growth plan. If you recall we said that MGM would fully implement that plan by the end of 2016 and in doing so we would realize approximately $300 million of incremental EBITDA by the year 2017 for that year, ultimately driving our margins back to the 30% level. The key to the plan was to challenge and literally reinvigorate and encourage the entire company to make change, positive change to work smarter, be more innovative and permanently enhance our business, in other words we were looking for the quick fixes, we were looking for meaningful long term change. And I tell you it wasn’t initially an easy task and certainly not one that everyone thought we could accomplish it requires a structured approach and a very dedicated project management team and really a relentless focus on changed management, as well as communicating throughout the organization and being just absolutely dedicated on execution. And I say that because I'm incredibly impressed with the progress that we have made thus far in these few short months. I'm proud of the management team, I'm proud of the Board for giving us the tools to do this and I'm especially proud of the employees who are fully engaged and have been instrumental in the success of the plan so far. I'm really proud to say that we are implementing on all fronts both in terms of the revenue generating initiatives, as well as the cost savings ideas literally throughout the entire portfolio of resorts. Some of the initiatives are in the early stages of being rolled out, some have already taken traction preliminary results are very-very promising and in some areas we're doing better than we -- even we initially anticipated. So we are well on track to actualize 10% or 15% of that targeted 300 million of incremental EBITDA by this year-end. And we are well on track of achieving the goal that we set out on our last earnings call of grabbing all that money for 2017. And more importantly we're laying the ground work for a stronger company that continues to drive value for everyone, our shareholders, our employees, guests and of course the communities in which we operate and you will get as promised the quarterly update on our PGP but the early report card is A plus for the management and employee team and we are on a roll here. With that I'll turn it over to Dan D'Arrigo to dig into the financials a little.
Dan D'Arrigo: Well, thanks, Jim. First we will start in Las Vegas. We saw improvement across all three of our important segments casino, hotel and our food and beverage operations. On the casino front in Las Vegas we were up 5% led by increases in both on slot and table games win, our domestic table games business continued to benefit from an improving domestic rated play customer as we continue to drive visitation into our resorts with our new and exciting entertainment offerings and our in life program. This was offset by lower China source based business on the high end side of the equation but our casino marketing team have done a terrific job in diversifying across various regions of the world including other Asian countries to mitigate some of the softness we've seen in China. Our hotel business was led by robust convention segment as well as healthy leisure bookings as the market continues to show signs of strength. Our wholly owned Las Vegas trip property has achieved 8% REVPAR growth in the third quarter exceeding our guidance of 6% these results were led by strong REVPAR gains that are non-luxury strip properties which were up some 14% while our luxury resorts were up 6% and looking ahead we are continuing to see strength in our forward convention booking trends both in terms of volume and pricing. We're also seeing the booking window slightly expand as well. Based on these trends we expect to reach a new record in terms of our convention road mix of 18% for the year as you recall that's up from just over 17% last year and we anticipate our fourth quarter wholly owned strip REVPAR growth to be at least 8%. Our wholly owned strip EBITDA margins increased 465 basis points to about 25% in the quarter. This was as a result of not only the strong performance across the board at all of our domestic properties, but also we’re beginning to see the early benefits of our profit growth plan. Our wholly owned non-luxury strip resorts continue to grow in the third quarter producing EBITDA growth of 41% with our luxury strip resorts growing by 24%. Our regional properties continue to perform well and operate the best in class resorts and demonstrate their leadership in each of their respective markets. Their collective EBITDA grew by approximately 10% in the quarter and margins increased by 150 basis points collectively at those resorts. Jim mentioned CityCenter earlier it was led by strong performance in ARIA which reported growth of EBITDA of 23% to $59 million in the quarter, driven by 7% REVPAR growth and solid gaming volumes, as well as continued strength in their convention and catering business. Vdara also achieved strong results with 30% and 7% EBITDA and REVPAR growth respectively in the quarter and Crystals continue to perform well and continues to attract luxury premium brands into its facility. Looking at the balance sheet at the end of the quarter cash and equivalents was approximately $1.8 billion of which approximately 808 million was at MGM China. We had 1.2 billion in available liquidity under our corporate revolver and approximately $700 million of excess cash on hand at the parent company, after giving effect to the pay down of 875 million of senior notes during the quarter. CityCenter excess cash on hand at the end of the quarter was approximately 262 million and total debt at the end of the quarter was approximately 1.5 billion. To help with your modeling in terms of CapEx in the quarter, we invested approximately 252 million in capital related expenditures. Here domestically, we expect 109 million in our existing properties, 120 million on National Harbor and 23 million for MGM Springfield in the quarter. In addition, we completed our required equity contributions as part of our Arena joint venture of 60 million in the quarter and are now into the loan at the Arena for the rest of the funding to complete that project in April of next year. During the third quarter, MGM China spent approximately 155 million of which 144 million was related to the development of MGM Cotai. In the quarter, our corporate expense was higher than both our guidance and normal. As we had some expenses related to implementation of our profit growth plan as well as the expenses related to our strategic review process. We anticipate that we’ll continue to have both of those costs in the fourth quarter and our guidance for corporate expense in Q4 is going to be similar to what we experienced in the third quarter. With that I’ll turn it over to Grant for his Macau update.
Grant Bowie: Well thanks, Dan and very much appreciated for this early call time for those of us in Asia. The MGM China like the other operated in the market continued to experience a challenging business environment in Macau. We’re encouraged to see some recent stabilization in the mass market. However, we still believe the VIP suite statement is still not out just yet. For the third quarter, we recorded net revenues of 529 million and adjusted EBITDA of 137 million, a decrease of 4% sequentially before the license fees. It’s worthy of noting that despite current market conditions, our EBITDA margin has improved sequentially in the past few quarters. And our property EBITDA margin before license fees was 26% for the quarter and this is a 49 basis point improvement over the second quarter. We’ve always and continue to maintain a disciplined approach to efficiency management and we continue to review our business prices and have been successful in eliminating cost to prevent deterioration in margin, without impacting on our customer service standards. Our VIP table game win was flat quarter-on-quarter, while VIP was favorable, and Nassau was at the low end of the range. In this changing market environment, we are adapting our business to drive revenue across our business segment with more of the focus on our non-gaming operations. Compared to a year ago, our hotel cash revenue was up 24% and our rental income from leasing was up 36%. This of course was on a lower base, but it reaffirms our commitment to diversifying our business. As we execute our plans in anticipation of our Cotai opening, we are also realizing a cost base which will be significantly leaner than if we were running these two properties as separate units. At MGM Cotai, we’ve achieved a milestone by topping off their hotel towers and we will be celebrating this event in the coming week. We've also completed the structural steel installation on our spectacle roof structure and are on target to be completely and closed by the end of December. And we remain on budget and on target for a fourth quarter 2016 opening. As we seek to support the Macau business community earlier this month India and China announced our plans to expand business for their local small and medium sized enterprises. These initiatives affect on further increasing our engagement with the local business community. Additionally, six of our most promising Macau team members have traveled to Las Vegas where they will develop their management, gaming and hospitality skills as part of the MGM Resorts’ highly acclaimed Management Associate Program. This is our second year that we have participated in this program. Our goal is to provide a local talent with the opportunity to be our future leaders, as we look to support Macau development as an international tourism destination. And with that, I’d like to turn back to Jim. Thank you.
Jim Murren: Well, thank you, Grant. And thank you for your great work over there. I look forward to seeing you next week. Reflecting on the quarter, the third quarter, I think the management team would say here that it validates our positioning in hospitality and in entertainment, not only in Las Vegas, but around the world. We are clearly outperforming our peers in our key markets, our market share is growing we’ve been building upon our strengths with the types of products we have initiated in Las Vegas, but also our growth projects for example in National Harbor and in Springfield Mass and of course in Cotai. The profit growth plan is already very improved and it’s accelerating and we believe it will lead to an acceleration of the annual earnings growth of the company that we call MGM Resorts. Though we tell that we are in a perfect position, a perfect time to announce such a type of transition that we announced this morning, this announcement is the culmination of a tremendous amount of effort and literally many hours of meticulous brainstorming, not only by our Board and management teams but by a legion of very expert advisors in tax, legal, corporate financial and it was I have to say the most exhilarating effort that I have been through in my 20 odd years doing this. We look at every single iteration and idea. We chase down every thought that might lead to an increase in shareholder value. We recognize that the company was blessed with significant value, real estate value. We also understood that we did want to jeopardize near-term value for the sake of a one-time gain. I know most of you have read the details in the release, but in short let me lay out this project for you. MGM Resorts will create a REIT called MGM Growth Properties. We hope this REIT will go public in the first quarter right around the corner here. MGM Resorts will retain a substantial majority interest in the REIT. We will contribute 10 of our premier assets and approximately $4 billion of debt will transfer over to MGP. For a year now we’ve explored countless structures and really even more iterations and we determined after that analysis that this transaction stalls some great opportunities for us. That will highlight the significant inherent value of our portfolio of destination resorts and it also creates a very healthy platform for future growth both at MGM Resorts and at MGM Growth Properties. And really it’s also our overall goal of maximizing long-term value for all of our stakeholders. We believe we found the answer and frankly it’s more exciting than we had imagined when we began this journey last year. So MGM will contribute some of the most widely known iconic resorts in the world. Specifically, Mandalay Bay, the Mirage, New York New York, Luxor, Monte Carlo, Excalibur, as well as the park that we’re building right now which will open in April all those properties, Las Vegas properties will be contributed into MGT Growth Prosperities. In addition, we will contribute our existing regional resorts, MGM Grand Detroit, Beau Rivage, and Gold Strike Tunica. MGM Resorts will lease and continue to operate the contributed properties under a long-term triple net lease REIT. We will also retain 100% ownership of Bellagio, MGM Grand Las Vegas, Circus Circus Las Vegas, our significant undeveloped land holdings and the equity interests in CityCenter, MGM China, Borgata, amongst a few others. With the cash flows generated by the businesses remaining within MGM Resorts, MGM Resorts will maintain a very strong asset base to allow it to fund capital expenditures at these properties as well as our new properties in the pipeline. So with that as a structure, I want to take a few moments to talk through the why we went down this past and how we got here. First, I think it’s obvious to everyone on the call that we have long identified and understood that our assets were significantly undervalued in the marketplace. And for years really we were searching for ways to create really greater connectivity between the assets that we own and the values that are presently ascribed to them. Our main objective here was clear, we wanted to thoughtfully address the valuation disparity in our portfolio of assets and businesses in such a way that MGM Resorts was. Number one creating long-term sustainable valued for our shareholders. Number two ensuring that we were deleveraging the balance sheet as well as minimizing dilution and transaction cost in another words not the strange shareholder value for the stake of a transaction. And number three, enhancing our growth strategy both in terms of operations and in marketing and preserving the overall alignment of interest between what will now be two different companies. And we think that this transaction meets all the criteria I just mentioned and is the best for the following reasons. One, our teams have worked throughout seven months incredibly hard to strike the right balance and alignment of interest between MGM Resorts on one hand and MGM Growth Properties, so that both companies will be strong thriving and have a sustainable future. The structure we’ve designed to minimize friction cost and in fact, we are highly excited about how minimal they are relative to all the alternative transactions that we had initially explored. The value destructing ideas of spin-off in massive asset sales that would have resulted in large debt breakage cost or purging of earnings and profits, none of that happens here because we found a way to create a new company, a new REIT, where we will have a substantial equity interest, so that we can benefit from the growth of that REIT and minimal, minimal cost, that structure appealed to our Board given also the experience expedient timetable, there is no waiting for an IRS ruling, there is no hoping that a deal can close in a year or two. We expect that this transaction will close within the next few months. And in fact we will have an opportunity to offer shares in this exciting new REIT in the first quarter of next year. Secondly, we wanted to create a large publically traded triple-net lease REIT that has a tremendous portfolio of assets obviously the highest quality assets of any triple-net lease REIT certainly in the gaming industry. We wanted to create a vehicle in a financing platform by which we could lower our cost of capital and raise funds for future growth opportunities for this REIT. MGM Resorts will maintain a substantial economic interest in MGP so we’re in it together, we want to see MGP grow, grow rapidly and MGM Resorts expects to receive dividends that any REIT holder would expect and benefit from the stable and growing cash flows of MGM Growth Properties. MGM Growth Properties also will have a right of first offer of our development properties in Maryland and in Massachusetts, thereby presenting a growth path and a trajectory that is superior to any in the space, large projects that can be acquired overtime to add to the portfolio of already high quality, high cash flowing assets. And in MGM Resorts it certainly back tracks, our REIT, our dedication to deleveraging our company. Because as part of this transaction MGM Resorts will transfer approximately $4 billion of debt over to MGP and that company MGP will subsequently refinance that indebtedness through its own debt and equity as a result of an IPO we expect in the first quarter. So as a result of that MGM Resorts will have the ability to accelerate its path of deleveraging and further improve the financial strength and flexibility that MGM Resorts has. So in short, we believe we found a mechanism to create two strong, rapidly growing healthy companies with different investment profiles and will attract different investors, yield investors, in the case of MGM Growth Properties, growth investors in the case of MGM Resorts and importantly and this is very important, the daily operations will continue as usual we do not expect any impact on our employees all of which will be MGM Resorts employees as they are today our guests and our business partners. When I look back on this company, MGM over the past 18 years, I believe we’ve grown to be one of the best managed and most innovative companies in our industry and one that is not afraid to make change. This company has and always will be an architect for thoughtful and transformative pursues that creates long term value. We believe this is a dawn of a new threshold for this company, and we will lead this industry into an exciting decade to come. And with that operator I’d like to turn it back over to you so we can get into Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Joseph Greff of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joseph Greff: With regard to MGP, can you give us a little bit more detail on the rental lease terms, dividend policy the target leverage I know there is one other gaming REIT out there that we all kind of look at as one version of it, but if you can provide those details? And then my second question, obviously the 3Q much better than all of us were expecting. On the EBITDA line, how much of it is just a better domestic market? How much of it does relate to the profit growth plan? And then where do you think you are in terms of the annualized what you achieved in the 3Q, where are you with respect to the benefits of the profit growth plan? And that is all for me. Thank you.
Jim Murren: Maybe I’ll start Dan and then turn it over to you. So you can correct me. First we have studies the GLPI lease, I think it’s safe to say that we used that as an initial benchmark of looking at the current state that’s out there we’ve also looked at leases that have been pro-offered by other companies that have explored this concept. And the overarching objectives were to create a strong REIT and have good coverage in something that is pretty much market I think is safe to say again.
Joseph Greff: Yes that is good.
Jim Murren: So even though, we’re not trying to reinvent the wheel in terms of lease structures here. I think we would say that there are certain iterations to ours, which will be forthcoming that make it a little bit contemporary but beyond that it’s pretty much as expected. I’d have to say about the quality of the assets and the growth trajectory of the assets being contributed. Mandalay Bay as an example just finished its convention expansion you know that’s the fifth largest convention center in United States. We have invested significant amount of capital in that property with the Delano upgrading restaurants, the convention expansion. And I would say that same would be said for the amount of money we’re currently investing around the Arena with significant dollars going into Monte Carlo with the theater, the upgrading of New York New York, the Park. And I would say that because I believe there is going to be significant opportunities for all the contributed assets to grow. And in fact they are growing right now. I looked at the third quarter and if you were to look at the contributed properties in the third quarter their cash flow and Kathy, where I think we’re up 33%.
Unidentified Company Representative: Right.
Jim Murren: So we are really limited as to what we can talk about specifically on MGM Growth Properties, but since their ours, these properties at MGM Resorts. I could tell you they had a great quarter and most of that was due to strong operating results in terms of REVPAR, food and beverage and a great convention quarter and a great outcome for this year. The profit growth plan was minimal relative to the overall growth results that we had in the quarter. And as I say by the time we get to the end of the year Chris will might be 10%, 15% into the number, but certainly the third quarter was not that as big an impact it’s going to accelerate rapidly as we progress over the next five quarters.
Joseph Greff: And can I just follow-up with regard to the REIT, and the leverage or the way about the leverage? So the REIT will initially have $4 billion of debt. If I try to think about that leverage, that leverage will then be variable relative to the amount of equity to kind of have a market based leverage ratio, compared to other triple-net leases. Is that how one should think about it?
Jim Murren: Yes, Jeff. That is pretty fair. It will be I am afraid middle down the fairway in terms of its leverage, compared to its peers in the market.
Operator: Our next question is from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix: Yes so, Jim, a large part of the value of this transaction in our view, how we are looking at it is the valuation multiple overcharge you’re going to get by having the majority of your assets in the triple-net leased REIT? And then, for having MGM own a significant majority of that. So we’re trying to work that through now, everybody is. And with the REIT not being a tax free with the REIT being a taxable entity, it’s probably going to trade a bit differently than the triple-net leased REIT peers out there. So as you thought about the value that would be created by this transaction, just wondering how you were thinking about the valuation relative to the peers in light of the tax status of the entity?
Jim Murren: Well the REIT will be tax free.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, so it’s going to be a true REIT. Okay, because a lot of people had that question and that would lead to this distribution so that’s great. And then when you say the significant majority. Is there a way that you can help us through that? I mean is it more than 60%, less than 70%? I mean is there way you can…
Jim Murren: Yes, yes, yes we’ve asking here, because we’re trying to figure out what we are allowed to tell you. So we got a legion of lawyers that the way I well, I will just tell you how that is done. So one is, it is important, and we are establishing a REIT tax free and that will be we hope launched in the first quarter, when we do an IPO when we will offer shares to the public. Initially MGM resorts will probably own around 70% odd of MGM Growth Properties with the balance being held in terms of the economic interest. We’ll own about 70% plus or minus of the economic interest of MGM Growth Properties with the balance being held by the public, reason why we were working through this is that we clearly believe there is substantial upside of in ownership of those debt equity. And we wanted to create a company that had enough liquidity in the marketplace, a big enough REIT that would trade really well from a liquidity perspective and we wanted to have an alignment of interest between this new REIT, which we will be managing and MGM Resorts. It also sets up a tremendous amount of optionality going forward. The new REIT of course will have its own Board of Directors. It will be managed independently and it will decide its own growth path. And that could mean anything in terms of MGM Growth Properties and we want to make sure it’s intentional that it has maximum flexibility today to pursue anything it would want to do in the future. So what we believe, I mean we will see how you all figure this out as you are going to value MGM Growth Properties as a REIT with an emphasis on the fact that it’s got the quality of the assets than it has and a thoroughly unique growth path because of the wealth where it has with National Harbor and Springfield and you will view MGM Resorts, how you will view it, but certainly as a company with a stronger balance sheet less leverage pro forma than it does today with the growth plans that its already articulated in terms of the developing these assets and participating in what is really a very robust recovery in Las Vegas.
Felicia Hendrix: That's helpful and actually just to your last point estimate last final question. Is with the -- how are you thinking about now the optimal leverage levels at MGM?
Jim Murren: Well I promised, our Board we’d get down under five times leverage, I think I have mentioned that on a few conference calls I have gotten some sideways looks for somebody here, but you could see we had a few ideas in mind, so that still is the goal it is certainly very achievable, given this transaction what it means for MGM Resorts and frankly many other options we have on the table in terms of dividends distributions and in any of our other joint venture enterprises.
Operator: Our next question is from Harry Curtis of Nomura. Please go ahead.
Harry Curtis: A couple questions, Jim, you touched on the management of the thesis. Maybe you could begin with your thoughts on how that's going to evolve?
Jim Murren: Well, sure one is that MGM Resorts’ Board, obviously I Chair. And Roland Hernandez is our Lead Director. MGM Resorts will populate the new co, MGM Growth Properties with its own Board of Directors, I likely we will also be the chairman of that company. But MGM Growth Properties will have its own independent set of directors, some of which we know today and many others we’re going to know, we’ve already engaged a hiring regarded search firm to reach out and find experts in REITs both triple-net lease REITs and otherwise. MGM Resorts will manage the properties under that triple-net lease REIT and so therefore the management team of MGM Resorts stays the same. But there will be management that will be brought on to MGM Growth Properties to manage its own affairs, so there will be a new CEO a CFO and probably one or two other Executives that work solely at the pleasure of the Board of MGM Growth Properties, because we want to set that company up to independently forge its own path, that grows rapidly as it sees fit, so initially, because MGM Resorts is managing these assets that we currently own and MGM Resorts will own the majority of the economic interests in MGM Growth Properties, you will see some commonality of Board Members, but you will also see new faces particularly on MGM Growth Properties but likely also on MGM Resorts as well as we our self want to continue to be more educated in real estate.
Harry Curtis: Follow-up question is just the growth path for each of the separated companies, if you could touch on that? And then the last question is, can you talk about your expectations in Vegas for 2016? Thanks.
Jim Murren: Well I will talk about the growth path of MGM Resorts, wherein MGM Growth Properties is in a quiet period. And I have got three lawyers who are shooting daggers at me right now, talking about that. So I’ll try to talk around that and talk about MGM Resorts. So Las Vegas obviously surprised folks in terms of the strength of the business. And I am very happy to say that that is continuing to the current quarter. The real driver of this accelerated growth for us is the convention business. Dan alluded to the fact that convention mix is improving. It is remarkable to us that a convention expansion only just completed at Mandalay Bay is already fully occupied for next year. We’re taking an inventory of all of our convention and conference sates and we have a very talented team, led by Mike Dominguez that is out in the marketplace moving business around. Basically trying to find greater utility and efficiency, because we have so much demand and as much spaces we have, we don’t have enough space. That’s why we talk about REVPAR growth of 8% in the fourth quarter, while we’re really excited about Las Vegas in general in 2016. On the convention side should be our best year ever. Added to that, I don’t want to minimize the impact of the Arena that opens up in April. Imagine a 20,000 seat Arena opened we’ve already programmed a couple of dozen dates into that Arena of just A acts. That will accrue to the benefit of all of our properties, but particularly the ones that are nearby, Monte Carlo and New York New York. So if I would ask our properties where should we see the biggest delta of growth in our portfolio it would be in the convention-oriented properties as well as the ones that are hovering around this Arena and theater. On top of that, I would expect the profit growth plan to lead to an acceleration of our earnings. Because the big initiatives are being deployed now, much of that is in Las Vegas and all of that will be completed by the end of next year. So you’ll see a liftoff, I think of profitability as the result of the macros and as a result of the internal plans that we have underway. From a standpoint of our regionals they are excellently managed, I think they’re pretty much on track to do the kind of business they have been doing. They’re profit and market leaders. And they’re going to outperform the market to market themselves a relatively stable I would say. And so that leaves for MGM Resorts its growth initiatives which are the interactive business, which we don’t talk about much. But it’s growing for us in terms of cash flows and in terms of customer acquisitions it leads to National Harbor, which we believe will be the most profitable resort in outside of Las Vegas in North America, when it’s opened next year and it opens in the fourth quarter. And it leads up to Springfield, Mass which opens up in 2018. So MGM Resorts has many tools at its disposal right now to accelerate its earnings growth and participate in a rapid deleveraging story, because of the dividends we expect to get in the future at MGM China as well as at CityCenter, CityCenter itself is accumulating cash as we speak and we will likely dividend out money to its owners by the end of the year. As it relates to MGM Growth Properties, I am not allowed to give specific guidance on them as a entity. But considered where they are and the fact that our core properties much of which are in MGM Growth Properties construct. The core properties are outperforming the luxury properties. And we’ll do best in a rising convention market and have been the beneficiary of the substantial amount of capital, which is why they are outperforming their peers. So the combination of solid regional cash flows and a Las Vegas presence, which skews to the benefit of our core properties would likely lead some to conclude that that portfolio could outgrow the MGM Resorts’ existing portfolio, given the assets that are in MGM Resorts.
Operator: Our next question is from Carlo Santarelli of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Just from a very simplistic income statement perspective, could you guys kind of think or maybe talk through maybe how the MGM Resorts’ income statement will change? Obviously, in the case of Penn you just add a line of rent et cetera. How are you thinking about that and obviously with the 70%, I assume the accounting treatment will be similar to that of MGM China? And then just as a follow-up, could you provide some color as it pertains to the lease payment? Whether that will be fixed variable, and how we should be thinking about that?
Dan D'Arrigo: Hi Carlo, it’s Dan I’ll take a shot of that the accounting is spot on, the accounting will be much like it is for MGM China, when you look at the MGM Resorts’ financial segments on a go forward basis, so it will be a fully consolidated entity and then we will record whatever that minority equity interest is of the portion we don't own of the REIT company, so a lot of the REIT-type accounting so to speak will be eliminated in consolidation and will come through as a 100% on entity with the minority interest much like MGM China today. As far as the lease structure itself, it will be a triple-net lease as Jim mentioned earlier and not too dissimilar to what is out there in the market in terms of coverage from the lease perspective.
Carlo Santarelli: So if we thought about it that way, something around, there in the realm of a 1.8, 1.9 times coverage ratio?
Dan D'Arrigo: It’s in that realm.
Operator: Our next question is from Shaun Kelly of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: So just a follow-up on a couple of the questions on the OpCo side, so, again I think we’re starting to get a better picture of the structure. But maybe you could help us understand, do you anticipate post-IPO that the transaction is going to be sort of leverage neutral either for the -- well, it should be de-levering for the consolidated entity, but for the OpCo, specifically do you see that leverage-neutral to where MGM Resorts sits today?
Dan D'Arrigo: Yes, it would from an OpCo’s standpoint it would continue to be deleveraging even in an OpCo perspective.
Shaun Kelley: Okay. So do you leverage your…
Dan D'Arrigo: Yes so go ahead and then we will remember we’re going to be doing an IPO so there will be new equity that will be raised in the first quarter.
Shaun Kelley: And will those proceeds -- so a portion of those proceeds may be shared with OpCo in addition to simply paying down some of the 4 billion of debt that goes to PropCo?
Dan D'Arrigo: No remember the assets in the $4 billion of debt go down into PropCo. So then PropCo will go out and raise its debt and equity capital markets transactions at the OpCo level. I mean I’m sorry at the PropCo level.
Shaun Kelley: At the PropCo level, okay I follow and then second question is that just given sort of how GLPI has traded and been received by the rededicated community. It's a little hard obviously, with these types of processes. Do you have any feedback or have you kind of had any conversations at a high level with your general views on how you think such an IPO would be received by sort of a new investment audience?
Dan D'Arrigo: Yes, obviously their transaction was different as you well know Shaun, in that it was a spin, so the existing shareholders were given the new equity of this SpinCo and in this case GLPI. So obviously if the investors, were going to hold to it, it’s hard to for new investors to come in and in this dynamic it's a different, where as we will be IPOing directly out to REIT investors, potential new REIT investors as well as existing gaming investors. So it is a little bit different in terms of the comparison between the two approaches and I think we’ll have a real good audience, if you look at the asset quality and the type of REIT we will have on day one out to all those investor pools.
Jim Murren: Yes and may be Dan, I would just add, it’s Jim that we thought about this, this is obviously going to be up to you all to decide how this is valued, but we were very thoughtful, we tried to be in terms of putting together a portfolio of assets and brands that are scalable. Mandalay Bay is a scalable enterprise, one of the premier convention center hotels in the United States. Mirage and Luxor and Excalibur, these are powerful brands, and so we believe there will be an emphasis placed on not only the quality of the portfolio. But in the construct of hospitality broadly and the convergence of gaming and non-gaming hotels and the ability for this company which is intentionally large and liquid to be able to grow not only by using its brands, but by land that it owns and by the financial structure that it could develop, we think that it’s certainly highly unique and we’ll set itself apart from the comp that you mentioned and really anyone else that is attacked this issue.
Shaun Kelley: And my last question would just be, I'm familiar with one other one of these sort of internal REIT structures and in that case, they have to maintain more than 50% ownership in the REIT to keep some of their tax features. I'm curious if the same is true with this structure. So would you have, to keep the tax benefits that you guys have structured here, do you have to always own more than 50%? Or is there an ownership threshold that you have to keep in the REIT overtime?
Jim Murren: No, Shaun, there is not a threshold that will just in the future up to the Board of the property company and the facts and circumstances at that time.
Operator: Our next question is from Thomas Allen of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas Allen: Congratulations for this announcement, I’m sure took a lot of work, so two questions from me. First, Grant you have been quiet this whole obviously the Studio City just opened, any initial thoughts on that? And how the competitive environment is in general? And then my second question, I feel a bit greedy asking this question. You guys have talked about potentially selling Crystals in the past. Is that off the table now? Thank you.
Grant Bowie: You want me to go first Jim? And then I will turn back to Crystals?
Jim Murren: That sounds like…
Grant Bowie: So, Studio City they did a good opening, it’s obviously a pretty impressive property. I think anything new, any additions to the market is a good thing about creating opportunities. But I think they would acknowledge themselves, they still have some work to do as we all do in terms of performance, but I think they did a nice job. So I think it demonstrates that when existing operators opening to a market they are used to, they have a bit of talent pool. So some of the service issues that you would have normally have experienced in properties you didn’t see on this occasion. I think they did a very nice job. I think it will certainly create noise all of us and we are all optimistic that that provides an inflection that we are all looking to get to drive traffic and build quality people who want to who come and spend. Because I think that is one of the important issues but as we diversify into a non-gaming area that we actually are attracting customers that actually want to buy the non-gaming services and I think that all of us who are coming on stream in the future and I know from Mass perspective we are very excited about the quality of the project we’re going to deliver it is going to encourage people to actually spend money in actually the non-gaming services to supporter the investment that we’re making in. I think that’s probably enough. Jim, I will turn it back to you.
Jim Murren: Well, thank you Grant. And the answer is yes. We have had a significant amount of interest in Crystals as an asset. We have been fielding a variety of qualified imbalanced calls. We have evolved this to a point where we have expert advisory help sorting through principal investors that are interested in buying all or a part of Crystals. And that the Board of CityCenter has been evaluating what is thankfully being coming a rapidly appreciating and highly-coveted asset. And so I think we last checked in, I said that it was certainly on the table, we think it’s worth over a billion dollars I am more confident of that than I’ve been in the past given the amount of efforts that has already taken place here and absolutely at the right valuation Crystals is an asset that would be sold to the benefit of its owners Infinity World and MGM Resorts.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Kent of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Steven Kent: So what specifically does the Park encompass? I guess that’s what I’m trying to understand. And how much in earnings do you expect it’ll make in the context of including it in the REIT? And then why is the Arena not included in the REIT? And then just one final thing, I’m not sure if you could answer this yet. Do you need a private letter ruling? Or because it is a new company is that not necessary I’m not that familiar with the legalities of this?
Jim Murren: Don’t worry so I will pick a few and then turn it over to Dan or to Shawn. So none of our joint ventures are in the REIT, so the Arena is a 50-50 JV with Phil Anchutz’s company and so it does not qualify for what we’re trying to accomplish in terms of the REIT only wholly-owned properties are going into the newly formed REIT. And no, we do not require a private letter ruling. This is not a spin-off and so therefore we do not require that. In fact, we went down this path and zeroed in on this option long before the more recent guidance from the IRS. And I think that was in relations to Alibaba and Yahoo! I think Dan and maybe a few others. But we were down this path of contributing assets and forming a new REIT long before that iteration. You want to take the part two it is the…?
Dan D'Arrigo: Yes. I mean I think when you look at the Park does have some EBITDA contributing factors to it and some restaurant and entertainment venues. But the real rationale is it is proximity to Monte Carlos, New York New York and how that real estate kind of fits in to the future on those two properties?
Jim Murren: Yes, we knew that as the connected tissue between two large scaled resorts and we believe that it will be a center of gravity for a lot of tourist traffic that will be going to those resorts and to the Arena itself and so we felt that it should be all part of the same asset package.
Steven Kent: But it will be relatively modest contributor of EBITDA then? Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Robin Farley of UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Just trying to understand the structure a little bit better, because when you look at the EBITDA generated by the 10 properties with real estate you are contributing and what that would suggest they could pay in rent. It doesn't seem like enough to support the $4 billion in debt. So I wonder if you could just give a little more color around will that be -- how much would you hope to be paid down by funds raised during the IPO? Just to think about how these ratios can work?
Jim Murren: Well Robin we can’t get into specifics around in general properties. But the combination of the debt going down from the parent to the property company and the property company then going out and raising IPO proceeds in conjunction with their capital raising efforts that combination will put the right amount of leverage on the property company kind of going forward?
Grant Bowie: Yes solving for that coverage ratio that you talked about earlier Dan.
Robin Farley: Is there a just as kind of debt to EBITDA ratio that you think of it being standard for REITs that we could keep in mind when we’re looking at this?
Grant Bowie: Yes, I think there is enough market precedent out there when you look at kind of triple-net REITs and where they trade from an overall leverage standpoint that would be good proxies to use.
Robin Farley: Okay. And then I guess lastly will there be kind of rent bumps in the agreement that or will it just will be kind of a fairly fixed rate going forward?
Grant Bowie: That will be a fixed and variable rate, but there will be escalators as normally found in triple-net lease structures and as Jim said earlier, we are not looking to kind of reinvent the wheel with respect to the master lease here it will have very similar characteristics as what exists in the market and the modifications will if any will be more around just our assets and our buildings that kind of make them unique to the structure going forward.
Robin Farley: Okay. Thank you.
Jim Murren: And I think maybe I would add too Robin. I mean we worked a big part of this effort was to assure that MGM Growth Properties was on very firm footing right out of the box. Because we’re going to own a substantial interest in this, we wanted to make sure that it is strong from a balance sheet perspective that it’s transparent and easy to understand from an investors’ perspective that it has precedent efforts that make it very easy to analyze from a lease perspective and that it has a growth plan that can be articulated. So when that company is out in the market raising money in its IPO, you will have all these information we’re just a little bit handcuffed by the bankers and lawyers in terms of the quite period that we’re in, but I think it’s important for you at least to know the philosophy here, the philosophy is to create a strong, stable, vibrant REIT that will trade well, because of its liquidity and quality of assets, its management team, its sponsorship by MGM Resorts, the brands that it has and the growth prospects that it uniquely has because of the welfare that I talked about.
Robin Farley: And may be just one final clarification, it sounds like the idea is that MGM Growth Properties will be a single tenant. I mean in other words that, you're talking about the growth coming from Maryland to Massachusetts. So it’s -- the idea is for it to remain kind of a single tenant REIT?
Jim Murren: No, not necessarily, I’m sorry if I led you to that conclusion, it will go out and we’ll seek out acquisitions in not only the gaming space, which is obviously its comfort zone, but it will have a mandate to look in hospitality broadly, clearly there will be at least clear in your view there will be a lot of assets that will trade in the gaming space either as individual properties or as portfolios of properties over the next few years. MGM Growth Properties intends to be in the dialogue in all those discussions and it should and it could do that and it may or may not reach out to MGM Resorts to manage those assets it could easily be a situation where MGM Growth Properties acquires assets that others would manage. So this is set up to be a strong company that will be able to opportunistically pickoff assets as they become available in the gaming and broadly in the hospitality space. And when appropriate, reach out to MGM Resorts for management. But I can’t emphasize that enough, this company’s setup designed given the scale of the company. The management team that will be in place, the balance sheet that we will ensure it has, it is designed to grow. Not only by virtue of its relationship with MGM Resorts, but by virtue of the fact that in and of itself, it will be one of the premier gaming owners in the world.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Jones of Union Gaming. Please go ahead.
Chris Jones: A couple of questions, first, as a relates to as the name would suggest, and I mean MGM Growth. Is it safe to assume that so in the early days really the growth is going to be focused on the redevelopment of some the assets that are going to the portfolio? I think about the Monte Carlo, some of you guys have talked about, as well some of those other assets? And then secondly, just going back to the operations for the Bellagio versus MGM Grand, I see the Bellagio really came alive this quarter. Should we expect to see that continued sort of performance out of the Bellagio? I know it’s had a challenging couple quarters here as well? If you could just talk about that that would be great, thank you.
Jim Murren: Well maybe I’ll take the first part turn over to any number the other folks here I have got Corey Sanders to my right and Bill Hornbuckle on my left and so yes, I think the word growth was intentional in a few respects. One is, we think it can grow beyond its current asset base. But within its asset base we see growth. There is no surprise to you that we are viewing Monte Carlo with a very optimistic lens, the fact that its 3,000 rooms, next to CityCenter embracing a $400 million Arena, $100 million Park right on the center strip. Means it clearly can be something more than it is today. And we believe that it will and it will be called something else and it will be positioned differently and it will grow its cash flows by virtue of putting in strategic capital into that property. I would have to say that there are other great opportunities that we’re looking at as well. Corey Sanders has got a team looking at Excalibur, and recognizing the fact that we have a very underperforming corner of Tropicana in the Las Vegas Boulevard. And why wouldn’t we do what others have done so successfully and draw mid-scale retail into that corner and therefore drawing traffic into Excalibur. We know from our conventions dialogues, I’ve had a meeting as recently as last week. Bill and Corey, with conventions people this week, that if we had more convention space for the association business and if we had more concrete space, which is relatively inexpensive to build. We could dramatically increase the cash flows of Luxor, as an example. And the list goes on and on. We don’t view our portfolio of properties that we’re contributing in as mature properties we view them as properties with stable and strong cash flows that were up 33% year-on-year in the current quarter, but that each and individual one have their own growth trajectory. And so what this allows us to do is over the next few months. Evaluate our portfolio in a very specific way looking at return on investment as the criteria and where we deploy capital in the highest ROI way. As it relates to Bellagio versus MGM do you want to take that?
Dan D'Arrigo: And maybe one thing just to point out as well, that capital decision and the capital requirements under the master lease would be borne by the operating company going forward. So MGM Growth Properties could be a source of capital to fund and maybe cheaper financing to the operating company. But those decisions will continue to be made by MGM Resorts and the capital would be borne by MGM Resorts under this new structure going forward.
Jim Murren: And Bellagio?
Dan D'Arrigo: And on Bellagio, they actually had their best third quarter since 2006. So that even goes vague during the peak. They had a tough few quarters on the REVPAR growth and we’re starting to see the changes we made there and the strategic focus on the convention business there. And I would foresee them continuing to perform at the level that they performed in the third quarter.
Operator: Our last question today is from Joel Simkins of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Joel Simkins: A couple of quick questions, I guess first Jim, on Circus Circus. I wanted to understand the rationale of not including that in MGP? I guess would this imply that this is also on that sort of list of potential, major re-developments? And then the second question, I will ask you a non-REIT question while we have you. Love to get your take on DFS, and what this ultimately means in terms at least having more of a real conversation around sports betting?
Jim Murren: Yes. So Circus Circus is a really exciting and intriguing longer term, but intriguing opportunity we believe for MGM Resorts it sits on 100 acres, can you imagine that 100 acres and we’ve got a young management team there that is just crushing it right now and you could see it in the results, they are enthused, they are having fun, they are innovating, they are a big part of our profit growth plan. Eric Fitzgerald, who runs that property has been a leader on some corporate initiatives and we feel like a smaller property in terms of cash flows, but its punching above its weight and it’s got a lot of potential and yes, clearly there is an awful lot of opportunity that could go around there when we did the Rock in Rio music festival we saw a nice bump, as the future of Las Vegas, as you know, we are leader in that area of bringing music festivals, whether its EDC or live music and we will be doing more of that. So yes it is not a major contributor of cash flows to MGM Resorts, but it is a major contributor of ideas and innovation and it certainly is out there as it relates to growth potential. On daily fantasy sports side, Bill Hornbuckle nudged me about three or four times, in my ribs here, look, yes I think I’ll turn it over to Bill. You don't want to know what I’d say.
Bill Hornbuckle: Yes I know.
Jim Murren: But only if I want you to know what I’d say.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you, Jim. And look obviously with a lot of people it is something we have all followed with great interest, we will continue to do so, we absolutely want to see the states rights issue to be clear, it's a program that we -- because we do all things in social gaming at some point we would like to participate, but the states need to opine on the right consumer protections and setting it up so a company ours can participate. Right now obviously it’s in a grey area and overtime and we hope relatively, quickly because it has been a lot of attention on the space, there will be some clarity around with states like Massachusetts, Illinois, and others that we are in, want to do with it. But we are actively engaged in the story, AGA is engaged in the story and following it, and we would like to be participated and helpful, because we think it’s meaningful in the long run.
Joel Simkins: Thank you.
Jim Murren: And I like sports too Bill.
Bill Hornbuckle: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Jim Murren: Well thank you everyone for joining and for any follow-up questions please reach out to my office and we’ll get back to any and all of you as quickly as we can today. Thank you.
Dan D'Arrigo: Thank you very much.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd. Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer William Joseph Hornbuckle - President
Analysts: Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christopher Jones - Union Gaming Research LLC Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Chris Nordling, President of Corporate Entities; Bill Hornbuckle, President; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; and Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants today are in a listen-only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please also note that this event is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Well, thank you, Arthur and good morning and welcome to MGM Resorts International's second quarter earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com and a replay of the call will be made available on our website. We furnished our press release this morning on Form 8-K to the SEC as well. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release which is available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. I am quite pleased to report strong second quarter results for MGM. Our wholly-owned domestic resorts increased our EBITDA by 11% year-over-year, driven by both our Las Vegas Strip properties and our regional properties. Margins increased by over 150 basis points year-over-year, and profit growth was very broad-based across our entire portfolio of assets and operating segments. CityCenter resort operations' EBITDA increased by 4% year-over-year driven by growth across the entire campus. MGM China reported EBITDA of $132 million down year-over-year due to the continued market weakness, but despite this decrease, Grant and his team have been able to improve margins sequentially quarter-over-quarter. Our strong operating performance provides a great platform to launch a seminal internal transformation that we call our Profit Growth Plan. This is the product of 10 months of hard work aimed at redesigning our entire company to produce sustainable gains in profit. So, I'd like to take a few moments to provide some context to this plan. As you know, every year, we go through a strategic planning process and that includes an in-depth review of the current macro trends and a holistic view of our industry. We also obviously look for ways to constantly improve profitability. When we undertook this process late last year, we recognized that the U.S. economy, though growing, was proceeding at a slow pace. And as operators, we have prided ourselves on our ability to consistently improve our margins, end results and outpace the market. So since last year, we went deeper across all components of our business and challenged ourselves to rethink how we operate. And in doing so, we developed literally hundreds of ideas and we formulated a rigorous process to evaluate these ideas, and of course, we brought an outside expertise to assist us with the execution of the ideas and the strategies that we deem most viable and to track and report on our progress. Our Profit Growth Plan will allow us to increase revenues through enhancing of sales and pricing, while leveraging our assets, and of course, as well to reduce expenses by re-looking entirely how we run our business more effectively, using our scale to improve our purchasing power, streamlining some key back-of-the-house areas as well utilizing technology to improve better analytics and forecasting tools. And in the second quarter, we introduced the plan internally within the company and we officially launched it internally in July. Our plan will strengthen our company's organizational structure, permanently improve the way we operate, organically increase margins and profitability and strategically position MGM for the future. This is a thoughtful, collaborative effort that requires participation at every level within our company. There is still tremendous work to be done and it will not be easy, but we know we can make this work because we have the best teams in our business. And this requires a focus on change management, because the most impactful of the improvements require a different approach to operations and marketing than the industry standard. While upper management has kicked off this charge, we have made a concerted effort to engage all levels within our company, soliciting ideas from employees who truly live and breathe these processes. Among other things, this process is about empowering our employees, to ensure that we do not compromise in any way the guest experience at our resorts, but rather improve the experience and ultimately drive value for our company. Of the ideas we've identified, we've honed in on a subset of high-value initiatives which will be rolled out this year and in 2016. And therefore, by 2017, we believe we will generate approximately $300 million of incremental profit. To be clear, this benefit is incremental to our normal business growth projections. Approximately $250 million of this improvement will be driven by our wholly-owned domestic resorts and the balance will come from corporate expense and our joint ventures. We believe we can drive our property EBITDA margins back to the 30% level in 2017 and this effort will be a major catalyst in helping us achieve this goal. Our Profit Growth Plan will proactively allow us to better align ourselves in today's business environment and continue to drive value for our employees, guests, communities and shareholders. I am extremely excited about how our company is embracing this effort, thus far, to uniquely position ourselves as the leader in the industry and how we approach our business. And, of course, we'll get into this in the Q&A more, but we will update you to be clear on this every single quarter on our progress on the Profit Growth Plan. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dan to talk about our operating results and our financial position.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Well, thank you, Jim. In Las Vegas, we guided for at least 5% REVPAR growth in our wholly-owned strip properties and actually achieved 6% in the quarter. Our wholly-owned strip EBITDA margins increased roughly 140 basis points to approximately 27%. We saw increases in many segments of our business including our casino, hotels, and food and beverage businesses. During the quarter, our convention business improved year-over-year and we also had a strong event calendar highlighted by the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight in May. Our diverse portfolio continues to benefit from an improving marketplace as evidenced by our non-luxury strip resorts producing REVPAR and EBITDA growth of 9% and 14%, respectively, while our luxury strip resorts grew by 5% and 9%, respectively. Looking forward, we continue to see strong convention bookings in the back half of this year. In fact, we went into 2015 expecting to be flat year-over-year in terms of our convention room mix. With a stronger than anticipated end-of-year for the year bookings, we now expect to outperform 2014's record year in terms of that convention mix. And based on our current trends, we expect third quarter wholly-owned strip REVPAR growth to be approximately 6%. Our regional properties had another great quarter as we continue to gain share. Our regional resorts grew EBITDA by 10% with Detroit and Tunica each up 8% and Beau up solid at 17%. These resorts collectively increased margins by approximately 150 basis points in the quarter. CityCenter resort operations' EBITDA increased 4% year-over-year driven by strength across the entire campus, as Crystals and Vdara achieved record results. Aria reported EBITDA of $63 million, primarily driven by record year-over-year REVPAR growth of 8% and increased catering and banquet business related to our corporate and convention bookings was exceptionally strong in the quarter. Looking at the balance sheet, cash and cash equivalents and deposits on hand at the end of the quarter were approximately $2.5 billion, of which, approximately $522 million was at MGM China. We had $1.1 billion in available liquidity under our corporate revolver and approximately $1.7 billion of excess cash on hand. On July 15, we repaid $875 million senior notes with cash on hand and we continue to focus on improving our balance sheet, having reduced our total debt by $2.3 billion at MGM Resorts this year. CityCenter cash at the end of the quarter was approximately $192 million and total debt at the end of the quarter was approximately $1.5 billion. In June, with the support of our lenders, MGM China amended and restated its senior credit facility, upsizing the term loan by $1 billion, increasing their total capacity under the facility to $3 billion. The amendment also extended the maturity date by 18 months to April of 2019, and currently, MGM China has approximately $1.55 billion outstanding in term loans and has roughly $1.4 billion in available liquidity under its revolver. In terms of CapEx during the quarter, we invested approximately $197 million in total CapEx related to our domestic operations. That included about $98 million on National Harbor and Springfield in the quarter. In addition, we invested approximately $15 million as part of our arena joint venture equity contributions. During the second quarter, MGM China spent approximately $8 million at MGM Macau and $96 million on our MGM Cotai development. And just to kind of help with a few modeling points going forward. As you've recently seen, we've announced a new theatre project at the Monte Carlo. We expect to incur some one-time expenses at both Luxor and MGM as we relocate some of the existing shows, Blue Man Group and Jabbawockeez into Luxor and MGM, respectively. And we anticipate expenses related to such moves to be approximately $6 million in each of the next two quarters. That will impact those properties, predominantly at Luxor. Corporate expense for the second half of the year will be up slightly as we incur some upfront costs to implement our Profit Growth Plan, as well as other corporate initiatives. As a result, corporate expense in the third quarter is expected to be $60 million to $65 million for Q3. With that, I'll turn it over to Grant for an update on Macau.
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: Thanks, Dan. Good morning, good evening, everybody. In the second quarter, Macau total gaming revenue was down 37% year-on-year. While for MGM China, net revenues of $557 million was down by 33% year-on-year. We recorded an adjusted EBITDA of $142 million, a decrease of 37% year-on-year and that was before the license fee of $10 million compared to $14 million last year. Despite the opening of a new property in Macau, MGM's market share in June actually increased over April and May. More importantly, we've been able to maintain our margins in the current market that Jim indicated. Our property EBITDA margin before license fee was 25.5% during the quarter, a 20-basis-point sequential improvement compared to the first quarter. Over the years, we have run our business with a lean and efficient operation in this dynamic market, and we continue to manage our costs and streamline our operation in a disciplined manner while remaining focused on our main floor business by offering high quality experiences consistent with our namesake property. On the main floor table games win dropped by 23% year-on-year and this was in line with the market performance and declined by 5% sequentially compared to the broader market decline of 7.5%. In June, we have completed the first phase of expansion of our supreme lounge, including adding 61 high-limit slot machines. The early read shows customers have reacted positively to this remodeling. Our mix shift towards the high-margin main floor business continued in the second quarter with a record high of 80% of MGM's China's profit coming from the mass segment. We continue to shift tables from VIP to mass with an additional 49 tables to the main floor versus last year and this now represents nearly 60% of our table allocation. Despite additional tables on the main floor and increase of table operating hours, we've had a stable average head count per open hour. In other words, our strategy of capacity and resource allocation managed to drive incremental main floor play visitation. VIP table games revenue decreased by 43% year-over-year, driven primarily by lower turnover, which declined 54% year-over-year, while hold percentage increased to 3.2% from 2.7% in the prior-year quarter. MGM China continues to compete with a focus on precision of their marketing efforts like quality offerings and best-in-class service standards. Our implementation of our targeted marketing initiatives is expected to drive existing customer share of wallet, while seeking opportunities for new customer acquisition. Expanding and yielding the database are always our key priorities. Today, the board of MGM China also announced an interim dividend of $77 million, representing a payout of 35% of net income. At MGM Cotai, we are on target to complete all floors in the hotel tower by early November this year. Our spectacle roof structure is progressing quickly with the completion milestone in September. The majority of our set out contracts have been awarded and we will be commencing the set out of the casino areas in August. We remain on target for fourth quarter of 2016 opening. And with that, I'd like to turn back to Jim for his closing remarks.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you, Grant. The second quarter is a vivid example of how our company differentiates itself with our dominate entertainment position and the diversity of our resort offerings in our markets. We hosted a great variety of events. We showcased all of our properties, as well as the City and really as a whole on a worldwide stage. And all our properties really truly delivered across the board. Bellagio's margins were the best of the strip luxury resorts in the quarter. MGM Grand shined as the host of the big fight. Aria, our newest resort on the strip has secured its place as one of the most profitable resorts in Las Vegas. Crystals is leading the way in Las Vegas on the retail experience and our core properties again outperformed the market. And we believe we're just getting started. The first phase of the expansion at Mandalay Bay's Convention Center is opening this month and the demand is incredible The Las Vegas arena is looking great and we've also recently announced the 5,000-seat theater at Monte Carlo. And now, we'll open up to the park in the entertainment district and create a truly unique experience. They will be great additions to Las Vegas, to our entertainment offerings and to the benefit of the neighborhood. And we own the neighborhood. We will continue to work on growing this market and we're encouraged by the strength of not only our forward convention calendar, but the increased visitation to Las Vegas as a whole and the strong airline passenger growth, as well as the projected additional airline capacity coming into the marketplace. This dynamic, along with the implementation of our Profit Growth Plan and our development pipeline, we believe, will allow us to grow our business and outperform in the markets in which we operate. And to be clear, this plan sits on top of our company and does not mean we have lost focus on evaluating all of our strategic options. And in fact, our board and management teams have been looking at this aggressively. And it remains clear that there is a significant value gap between how the market values our assets and what we believe they're worth. And as you know, we've been reviewing this phenomenon for over a year with the added brainpower of our external advisers, legal tax financials. We see various great strategic options for our business going forward. We have a benefit of having a broad portfolio of properties and brands in many markets, much more than most. And that is an advantage that creates multiple options for us. It also creates an obligation as we need to take the appropriate time to thoroughly vet all of these opportunities. And of course, this includes various real estate structures and we need to narrow the field in terms of what is best to continue to maximize short, medium and long-term sustainable value to our shareholders. And I'm pleased to say we're getting much closer to that decision and we'll be able to provide our conclusions by the end of the year, if not, sooner. I think we have the right advisors in place, the proper internal focus and brainpower, and we will determine the best course of action for all of our constituents. And with that, operator, I'd like to turn it over. So, we can move into Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from Joe Greff of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, everybody. Good evening to you, Grant. Not surprisingly, I have a bunch of questions, Jim, related to your Profit Growth Plan. One, can you talk about the $300 million that I know was over a period of time, can you clarify how much of that is operating expense related versus revenue related, and then how much of the $250 million that you said relates to wholly-owned relates to the Las Vegas Strip. And I have a couple of follow-ups.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Joe, I'll tackle that, and then I'll turn it over to Corey or Chris, if you want to correct me or add to it. First, I want to stress the complexity of this plan. We focused on this last year with the idea of not looking for quick fixes or one-time gains. That would be a mistake and detrimental to our business going forward. So, it was the effort of literally hundreds, Joe, of senior managers here that have engaged in this process; and of course, as I said, months of work and hundreds of ideas were evaluated, confirmed for the design and the planning of it. We devised implementation plans for the ones that we've added and approved; and, as importantly, devised a tracking plan, so we can mark-to-market our progress. A lot of what we're doing requires a change to the way the industry has always conducted practices in operations. So, that requires significant change management. So, we've worked on that internally. We brought an outside help to help us on that, and we've also benchmarked against companies in other industries. That's where the outside consultants have really helped us. So, sustainable change, not quick one-time gains. Within the Profit Growth Plan itself, I would say about a third of it is revenue uplift and about two-thirds would be to change the way we're doing business to reduce the cost of doing business with the overarching focus that it will not hurt; but in fact, help the guest experience by empowering our employees more to be able to interact with guests and do less drudgery of day-to-day analytics and bureaucracy. So, one – I think that's kind of a mix. Now, in terms of Las Vegas versus regionals, just by the scope and scale of our Las Vegas resorts versus regionals, the majority of it is obviously on the strip. So, if you're looking at the $250 million number that I gave you, I'd say about $225 million of it is here in Las Vegas and another $25 million spread between our regional properties.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And just so I kind of understand this, of the two-thirds that is related to how you do business and as a means to reduce your operating expenses, and you mentioned a few times before that this is incremental, so all things being equal, if revenues are flat, we would expect the OpEx reductions to result in higher margins. So, even what's characterized as reducing operating expenses and not revenue related, you would still expect to see the margins benefit by this like amount.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That's correct. And also, to emphasize the point, this is on top of any other growth that we expect to see in our markets. And we are quite constructive on the Las Vegas market from a macro perspective. So, we have sized this, we have evaluated it, and we viewed it as a margin growth plan as well as a profit plan specific to, in addition to, our incremental growth. And let me make another point on that. We undertook a significant cost reduction plan back in 2008 and 2009, when we had to in a crisis situation. And to just remind people of that point and why we have not lost focus on this is our FTEs today are still down 15% from the time of where they were in 2007. So, if this is not a major FTE reduction plan, they're already down and have been down for years. And as you know, we've been improving our margins since 2010. And so, the Profit Growth Plan was initiated not for that purpose, but under the belief that we can do better in a variety of significant business processes based on our analysis of best-in-class companies in other industries. And we took this right to the top at our board level last year and have been engaging our board ever since. And so, I just want to make that clear that this is separate from and additive to the work around not only our operating performance and the strategic initiatives we have under way.
Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer: And Joe, this is Corey. There are some labor opportunities including in centralizing some areas that we haven't quite centralized yet that we think there's not only tremendous opportunity on labor side, but also better product coming out of that group. We also think that there's some labor savings on forecasting and scheduling using our technology from that perspective also.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Then I have kind of two quick follow-ups on this. How do you see the improvements pacing between what you started last month and by the end of 2017, how much do you think you get in the first six months, first year, first year-and-a-half? And then following up on that, will this profit improvement be reinvested in the business, be used to pay down debt? Where does that incremental free cash flow from this go? Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So, we're going to give you a more precise number on that next quarter, Joe. But imagine that many of these initiatives, it's the rule of big numbers. So, a very big majority of the profit growth will come from a handful of really important strong initiatives. Those were the ones we're tackling first. So, we've honed it down and prioritized the different projects. Each project has a project leader, by the way, throughout the company. We've taken property Presidents and significant corporate people, made them the team leader on these different projects. They report directly to Chris Nordling who is riding herd over this entire project. And you can imagine, we want to get to the big ones first. And so, they'll be rolled out this year. The impact of the big ones will be felt – the majority, obviously, will be felt in 2016. And as we roll out some of the ones that take longer to set up, because of systems, because of training and education, that's why we need about 14 months to 18 months to fully deploy this and why I gave you a year-end 2016 target date to get the full impact in 2017.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: And Joe, to answer your question around use of proceeds, so to speak, the goal is to continue and the focus continues to be on reducing leverage and improving the balance sheet. So it's our intent to continue paying down debt with these incremental free cash flow dollars.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. That's all for me. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Harry Curtis of Nomura. Please go ahead.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi. Just a quick follow-up. The $300 million, Jim, does that also factor in the impact of inflation, just basic lift in your overall costs or is that a number that by the time we get to 2017 really should be flowing through the income statement?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It should be flowing through the income statement and we'll be tracking this and reporting on a quarterly basis from the next quarter on.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. And then, Jim, just following up on the strategic options. There's been some discussion of The Mirage being on the market. Can you talk about whether or not it's actually on the market? And basically, what I'm trying to get at is the Pinnacle assets, the implied multiple on those is like 30% higher than what yours are being valued at. So my question is, is the thinking that you'll establish kind of a benchmark in Vegas of selling, perhaps, one asset and maybe the rest of the assets lift? Whatever you can give in terms of which way you're headed would be helpful.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Harry. The Mirage is not on the market. The Mirage is an outstanding property with tremendous employees that we covet and respect dearly. We don't put properties on the market. That said, we don't put a for-sale sign out on any of our resorts. We have bought and sold properties and companies over the last 20 years and the last thing we would do is put a for-sale sign on any property. That said, I'd make a couple of points that I agree with you, number one. The virtue of not selling any properties, particularly on the strip over the last couple of years has been clearly vindicated by the growth of the asset values since that time. And I would posit that gaming assets have increased 30% to 50% just in the last year and year-and-a-half alone. So when we evaluate asset sales or asset purchases, we look at the macro environment, what level is the cash flows in the case of properties we own we're achieving, where we believe those properties will get to and we look at valuations. And we have been rewarded for not selling anything in the past, clearly given the market valuations not only of the related mark-up properties, but the Cosmopolitan and Tropicana or the Riviera and other examples. And an asset sale of any significance needs to be carefully weighed against real estate structures. If in fact, an asset is a valuable potential REIT candidate or a part of a portfolio of REIT properties, you'd have to take that into account before you determined what to do with the property. So I think that this all will be more clear to everyone including everyone on the phone by the end of this year, because we have – Dan and I and the team have made this a priority to come to a conclusion to narrow the field of options strategically as we promise our investors earlier this year come up with the best possible structure for the company, and we have the luxury of shooting for perfection in terms of a structure because we don't have to decide tomorrow. And the fact that we have a significant amount of external advisors on this for over a year. And we have great tax, legal and finance people internally, I'm confident we're going to come to the best solution for the shareholders for the medium and long-term. So in answer to the question, I saw the news report, too. I tend not to get my news from those sources. But I could tell you that there is tremendous amount of interest for Las Vegas real estate. We obviously own the best real estate in Las Vegas. Therefore, we're getting the spotlight from potential buyers. Dan and I meet with anybody that's qualified and have for years. And we'll have more to report on our corporate structure going forward, but to be clear, The Mirage is not being actively marketed at all.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. So just a final thought; it may be repetitive. But from the perspective of the valuation gap that we perceived, you are highly confident that that's going to close.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I am highly confident that it's going to close.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Excellent. Thank you.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thank you. Just kind of moving on to your results in the quarter. Jim and Dan, the flow-through and your performance is certainly impressive and your optimistic outlook is definitely great to hear. Just wondering in the second quarter, if you could help us understand just how much of your performance benefited from the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight, and then how much of it is sustainable. And also, how should – given the Profit Growth Plan, how should we think about your flow-through goals going forward? Does that increase the 50%?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Well, I'll start with the last one there, Felicia. This is Dan. We're focused on the margin side. I mean, the whole concept of flow-through is a difficult one, and I'll highlight an example. We did benefit from the Mayweather fight, which is an outstanding event for the weekend. And a part of the accounting for the Mayweather fight and some of the activities around the Mayweather fight actually impacted our flow-through. And so, it actually negatively impacted, because of the accounting, flow-through by four percentage points to five percentage points in the quarter. And so, we're not going to run the business because of flow-through, because that was some pretty profitable business to be had over that weekend. And so, again, for us, we're focused on margin improvement. And as Jim pointed out earlier, our goal is to get this company back to where it once was in terms of that 30% EBITDA property margin level. And so, we'll continue to kind of stay focused. It was a great quarter. The fight did have an impact on our operations across the board. Whether you're looking at food and beverage, because of all the events we hosted in our buildings, whether you're looking at the hotel ADR, which probably benefited anywhere from a half to a full percentage point in terms of our REVPAR growth in the quarter, it did have an impact in the quarter overall. And that's not to say that we don't have other events or other opportunities going forward. There'll be more fights, there'll be more concerts and more events to continue to drive that traffic and those volumes into the building.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. And maybe, I can add, Dan. It doesn't sound intuitively obvious that that fight hurt flow-through in that sense. But, the reason why it did is we hosted several great pay-per-view events in our properties. From an accounting perspective, I don't think it makes sense, but I'm not an accountant – we have to book 100% of that revenue. We don't receive that revenue, but we have to book 100% of the revenue and the expense. So yes, having the parties themselves were very effective, had great play, a lot of people in town, but from a purely accounting perspective, it hurt flow-through by 400 basis points. Now, the margin will be the key as Dan said, and we're going to focus on that and we think we're going to get to our target and we'll be able to therefore hopefully improve flow-through just by coincidence, but it's not going to be a focus of the company.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks. And then just switching gears; Grant, hopefully you're still with us.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: We hope so, too.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I guess we've started to see some stabilization on the mass side. Obviously, the question is what does that mean going forward, how are things going to go? I know no one has a crystal ball, but just wondering how you think this all plays into next year, and given some government policy changes, the transit visas and now maybe some less optimistic commentary about the smoking ban recently, I'm just wondering when you think about 2016, are you seeing it was more of a share shifting game, or do you see the market growing as you kind of try to plan for your property?
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: I think, obviously, there's quite a bit of capacity coming into the market. So clearly, we all need to drive for growth and let's hope that with some stabilization we'll get that. But I think what's really critical – and it's not just similar to the conversation that Jim just gone through, we really now need to look at process reengineering and everything we are doing in terms of opening Cotai is taking advantage to try and lever those opportunities for both this property in Cotai. So, I guess until the – some of policy changes are actually effective because we can't – clearly, we can't affect those. A real lot of focus going into making sure that our process engineering is going well. And if we get the growth that we'd all like to see, that should bode well for the performance and how much we can pull down. And so, I don't really think there's a lot of differences between the business initiatives that are going on in Las Vegas and what we really need to do here.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And just as a follow-up for you, Grant, when you think about, perhaps, some of – just given what's going on in the environment now, perhaps, some inflated FTEs relative to where you would like that to be in a perfect world and then as you think about what you need at your new property, is there some kind of FTE savings, if you will, as you think about opening that new property? Can you talk a little bit about that?
Grant R. Bowie - Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, MGM China Holdings Ltd.: Absolutely. And I think that's what I mean about process reengineering. We are already adopting the shared service strategies. We are consolidating a lot of that oversight and strategic and management support. And we think that's very important. And we've already seen some really significant performance improvements over the last two quarters in terms of FTE management and that's an indicator of the quality of analytics that we've now got in place. So, it's both structural but it's also executional. You can have all the ideas you like, but you're going to make sure they're working. And these difficult times are actually giving us that opportunity to really test out that logic side. Yes, we are looking for a significant productivity and performance improvement. For now, yes, because it's good from a cost space, but also because I think we also understand we're going to be challenged by the availability of labor in the market and particularly the skills in the market, which we always know is an issue. But, we're really responding to what we know is happening. And if it's a silver lining to these difficult times, it's a little bit like 2008-2009, where the industry responded and reacted accordingly and it really gave us the margin shift that frankly the industry has been able to retain.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Carlo Santarelli of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Jim, your comments earlier as it pertains to your assets and the concept of the REIT. I have a two-part question. First off is, how do you guys contemplate within the context of the many iterations you might be looking at? How do you think about a sale-leaseback type of structure, given your cost of capital today? And then conversely, as you think about the development projects that you currently have, how could or how do they kind of fit into the mindset of some of your thinking around how you could potentially structure that?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I don't want to get too much into our thinking right now, if you don't mind. But we're not opposed to the structure, if that helps on that point without getting too detailed on that. But I will say, maybe if you'll look at – help you a little bit more on our development projects. It's clear to us, at least, that the two projects that we have underway right now in the United States are going to be very successful. Most importantly, because of the timing of it and the scale, the National Harbor project in Maryland, it opens up at the end of next year followed by Springfield. Clearly, in light of our views of not only the size of those two markets for us, but also the durability and consistency and predictability of the cash flows, they make great candidates as to regional properties in general for that type of structure. Witness our Detroit property which, for year after year, has produced outstanding financial results. We're not also opposed to the concept in Las Vegas for that matter. And if you were to have the view, you might, that we have that Las Vegas is going to continue to grow and then MGM Resorts will do better than the market, because of the significant capital that we are willing to and have been investing to improve our properties, then you would have confidence of the levels of cash flows that could also support, reach sale-leaseback structures. So, we are in a position of, we think, of unique strength in the sense of having strong assets, great brands, great predictability of cash flows in our regionals, growing cash flows in our Las Vegas properties, and the benefit have been working on something with the luxury of thought or analysis over the past year, which is why, for the first time, we're willing to say that we're months away from coming up with a conclusion to our board. And then, once we have a conclusion with our board, we'll be sharing it with everyone else.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you, Jim. That's helpful. And then, Dan, if I can just ask one follow-up. With respect to the 6% REVPAR guidance for the 3Q, do you expect a similar skew between the luxury and non-luxury assets in the 3Q similar to kind of what we saw in the 2Q?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, I think that's fair. I think you're seeing a nice pickup in terms of those non-luxury properties and their ability, particularly in the retail and the leisure space and segments to gain a little bit of traction in terms of their ability to kind of price those rooms up. So, I think that's a fair assessment.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And maybe, Dan, I'd also add that because we're seeing great growth in end-of-year, before-the-year convention business. And we see that throughout the year, by the way, not just in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter and into next year, the core properties really benefit from that phenomenon as they have been for the last couple of years. And we think there's significant upside potential in the core properties side in the quarter. We think there's a lot more to come because of the macro environment on the convention side.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And then, just sorry, if I could, one follow-up, the old adage of $5 of rate is $50 million of EBITDA, is that still appropriate in the current construct?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: I think that's fair, Carlo.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking my questions. So, just sort of turn to the Profit Growth Plan, Jim, I think you did a great job of laying everything out in sort of mix and dollars and then you sort of alluded to this 30% margin target, and I'm curious and thinking about it in margin percentage terms, that 30% number that you mentioned is not across the portfolio overall and how would you think about that number being in sort of Las Vegas versus some of the regional properties. Can it be at similar levels between those two? We don't need too much granularity, but any direction would help?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. There's a lot of similarity between our wholly-owned Las Vegas properties and our regionals in terms of margins. And so, I think you'd see it across the portfolio. All properties, we think, will benefit from the plan, all of the ones that we have. In the case of the Las Vegas properties, clearly, some of the great initiatives will be company-wide and not property-specific. So, I don't think we gave a couple of examples – I'll give you a couple of examples. So, for example, in purchasing, we've taken a while on this, but we've created a consistent set of specs for a variety of our products including all of our in-room amenities, for example, our towels and linens, for so many different towels and linens that we have...
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Eight different versions.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Eight different versions. So, we have gotten together as an organization and developed the optimum spec for our luxury properties, different specs for our core properties and tremendously reduce the amount of waste that we have and cost in terms of procuring, cleaning, maintaining our linens, towels. On the F&B side, same kind of process. We've done this over the years with various degrees of success, but we really drilled into this starting last year and got really aggressive on how do we not only produce the best products for our guests and keep with the trends of today of farm-to-table organic, local and create the best possible food product for our guests and for our employees, but do a much better job leveraging our scale, going directly to farmers and ranchers, going directly to the source. Cutting out some of the middlemen, we can negotiate far better rates and terms, if we use our scale. In the area of our employees, we have been thoughtful on this. This isn't an employee reduction plan at all. This is about streamlining the layers of management that we have, that any gaming company has within our organizational structure and increasing the span of responsibility of the employees themselves. We've learned a lot and I have to give a special thank you to a couple companies that have helped us more recently. FedEx was terrific as an example. Coca-Cola has been wonderful in talking to us. And so, we haven't just looked at the hospitality industry, although we have, obviously. We've reached out into organizations that has embarked on improvement plans whatever they have in the column over the last several years and picked up some best practices. And we've enhanced them. I think we've been working on it for so long and made it very MGM-specific. So, I think you'll see a lot of specific of what – we will give you a lot of specifics around these plans on a going-forward basis. But we've been excited about this day, because it's the culmination of almost a year of work internally and externally to come up with a robust number that we expect to achieve.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Really appreciate all that detail. And then, the second – or my follow-up question would be to hit on the strategic alternatives. So you've kind of talked about Mirage and you've talked about real estate. But one other area that I think makes a lot of sense for you guys, is – and where there's a lot of opportunities, joint ventures, and in the quarter, I believe, you guys exited and were able to sell some of your joint venture assets in Reno. Can you talk a little bit about some of the opportunity you see in that and how do you think either Wall Street or the world sort of views the JVs and what some of your – what may be at least on the plate as it relates to the JV portfolio?
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. First, the philosophy of what we have contracted thus far. Up in Reno, we have a tremendous history and affection for the Carano family. This was not an action we took lightly and likely would not have been an action we would have undertaken at all, if not for our confidence in the buyer, because of the overarching concern we have for – of the employees in the communities themself. So, these aren't actions you undertake lightly. We, as you know, have sold properties, many properties over the years, thinking of Golden Nugget, the Primm properties, Laughlin. But, we're very thoughtful on that. We think it's important. As it relates to the existing joint ventures, we have not many left. Obviously, the largest is CityCenter itself. And we've been working with our equity partners on ways to return cash to the shareholders. We've already done that once. We expect to continue to do it and we do have some ideas as relates to monetizing some of the CityCenter assets going forward. For those of you who are out here or going to visit soon, you'll note, which is happy news for us that Bobby Baldwin has finished deconstructing the nightmare that was the Harmon. And that allows us to spend really constructive time to develop ideas of what would maximize that two-plus acres parcel run on the corner of the strip. And clearly, though we're not ready to explain all the ideas that we have, you'd have to believe that an expansion of Crystals is the overarching use of that property and there could be others. Crystals itself is an extraordinary valuable asset. We've discussed it on prior calls and don't think that we've lost sight of that. We believe that not only it's more valuable today than it was even last quarter, but we believe with the growth plan, it would be more valuable still going forward. That and other non-gaming assets are certainly open to discussion and we are having that discussion at the CityCenter board level. As it relates to other joint ventures, they're not a focus of ours right now in terms of let the ultimate disposition, whether we're buyers or sellers of those assets because we've got, I think, bigger issues, bigger opportunities to deal with before we hit some of the smaller JVs.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Jones of Union Gaming. Please go ahead.
Christopher Jones - Union Gaming Research LLC: Hi, great. Thank you. Two quick questions, first, can you just talk a little bit about your casino revenues on the Vegas Strip obviously outperforming into broader market of Nevada, Las Vegas Strip. And maybe even talk a little bit about what drove that, where the strength was coming from even despite the fact some headwinds from the Chinese, the baccarat customer and if really the regional strategy, how much of that played into that as well? That's my first question. The second one is are there any sort of overarching or overall macro assumptions that you can provide around your profit improvement and then over the next couple of years that we can sort of apply to our models as well? Thank you.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hey, Chris. This is Dan. I'll start and I'm sure Bill and Corey will chime in as well. I think when we look at kind of our second quarter performance, it was really strength from our domestic side of the business. As you point out, the China source business is still down year-over-year, given what's going on in that part of the world. Clearly, the events we host are more domestic-driven for the most part, whether it's the Mayweather fight or Rock in Rio which was spread over two weekends and was a great event. I think it brought some 170,000 folks over those two weekends into town. Those clearly were helpful. So when you look at our table games and our slot business ex-baccarat on the table game side, we continue to gain share as we look at the programs and the assets that we have in the market and what we're doing to drive that business from the entertainment side as well. So largely domestic in the quarter. We are seeing continued weakness in the China-sourced play. That's offset by some other pickup in other Asian markets that we're seeing, not offsetting them entirely, but we are seeing a pickup in some other markets in Asia that has benefited the softness out of China.
Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. And I would add, it was such a good domestic quarter to the best one. We track our quarters since 2007. It was the best quarter we have from a national marketing side ever from that tracking perspective. And the Mayweather fight was interesting because it did attract people from all over the world and people that we know very well and people we haven't seen in a while. But the quality of events besides Mayweather, the Eagles, the Bette Midlers, all those events attract that domestic customer.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Billboard Awards, I think we had too, Corey. And we had a great July by the way and that's not a typical month for international customers. So, we're off to a good start here in the third quarter, and I would have to say that's really domestically driven.
Christopher Jones - Union Gaming Research LLC: Great. Thank you.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Thanks, Chris. Maybe we'll take one more question, operator.
Operator: Absolutely. Our final question comes from Thomas Allen of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Well, I'm trying to fit one in here, just on the 3Q REVPAR guidance. We've been hearing from investors from the past few weeks or months just about a forward rate surveys looking pretty weak especially during the summer. So, just wondering why you guys maybe bucking the trend on those rates surveys and just making sure that you're not relying too much in the quarter for the quarter business or maybe a big pickup in September or anything like that? Thanks.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Thomas, I'll start. And I'm sure others will chime in. I think the strength that we're seeing is underwritten really by the convention business and it's not just what we're hoping that we book. It's actually things that we are booking. We've seen a tremendous pickup going into the back half of the year. In terms of that in the year, particularly as certain segments of the convention business whether you're looking at tech companies or pharmaceutical companies, we've had a nice pickup and I think that's a testament to the folks operating these buildings and the assets themselves and our ability to grow that and gain that market share, not just here in Las Vegas, but in the competitive, more national set as we're going up against multiple cities and multiple venues that we're competing against for that business. They're doing an outstanding job in securing and winning that business, and it's really the toolkit we have. I mean, when you look at the assets we have from top to bottom throughout the organization, the price points we can offer, the venues we can give and – I don't use arenas on Tuesday nights, but if a tech company wants to do a sponsored show at Mandalay Events Center or MGM Grand on a Tuesday night, I've got that competitive advantage that others in this market or other markets don't have. So, I think this is a true testament of the diversity of our product and what we're capable to do in the marketplace. We're also seeing a nice pickup going into the third quarter and the back half of the year in our retail and our leisure business. And as you all know, the third quarter is largely leisure and retail-focused. So, with the backdrop of the strong convention calendar and a nice pickup in our retail and leisure business, we feel highly confident in what we'll be able to achieve in the back half of the year.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Maybe I would add, Dan – I'm sorry, Bill. Would you – go ahead.
William Joseph Hornbuckle - President: Yeah. Just maybe one comment, Tom. You may recall two years ago, we put in a fairly robust structure of regional sales organization in offices, and frankly, it's paying dividends. I mean, we have stretched ourselves out across the country much like a Marriott or a Star would, and we're focusing on the right industries and the right places. And we've got people out there approaching that business every day, and we think it's paying off.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. And then, I think we mentioned it, but when you're out, please take a look at the convention extension at Mandalay. That's really important. And before we got the board to approve the capital for that, we had Mike Dominguez and the team go out and solicit levels of interest and the response was strong, but the reality has been better than our initial expectations and hopes. And my last point, because I used to do room rate surveys for many years myself, that I think directionally generally, they're very good tools except for the third quarter. Third quarter is the toughest quarter really to gauge what's happening in Las Vegas, because of the seasonality of the third quarter and the summer months. So, we feel confident in our REVPAR guidance in the third quarter. I think we hit our REVPAR guidance in just about every quarter in the last three years. So, we don't take that guidance lightly. We see a really nice REVPAR growth in the fourth quarter as well, because of that convention business that Dan, Corey, and Bill talked about. And I think that we're off to a really good start for next year.
James Joseph Murren - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, with that, I think we've taken everyone's allotted time. Thank you all very much for participating in the call; and as always, we're here to answer any questions that you have. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, sir. Today's conference has now concluded and we thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Murren - Chairman and CEO Dan D’Arrigo - EVP, CFO and Treasurer Grant Bowie - CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Sarah Rogers - Vice President, IR Bill Hornbuckle - President and CMO Corey Sanders - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Carlo Santorelli - Deutsche Bank Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley Harry Curtis - Nomura Robin Farley - UBS Shaun Kelley - Bank of America
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are: Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D’Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Grant Bowie, CEO and Executive Director of MGM China and President of MGM Grand Paradise. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please note, this event is being recorded. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Mrs. Sarah Rogers. Please go ahead.
Sarah Rogers: Good morning, and welcome to MGM Resorts International’s first quarter earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at mgmresorts.com. A replay of the call will be available on our website. We furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today’s press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company’s performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, I’ll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Murren: Thank you, Sarah, and good morning, everyone. Well, it was a quite weekend here in Las Vegas. First weekend of May is always busy here; we have a bunch of events typically, of course Derby and NBA Playoffs, but this weekend was unlike any other than any of us have ever seen, even Bill Hornbuckle, the old guy over there. We had of course the fight and because of fight, we achieved one of our highest REVPAR weekends ever in the history of the company. And since we had the sole rights to the close circuit parties, we hosted dozens of parties around our properties and sold over 46,000 tickets to our guests to watch the fight and then enjoy the rest of what a casino hotel has to offer. From a gaming perspective, I can tell you that we had record front money coming in, tremendous drop in our properties from a very diverse and global group of players. And a lot of those players are still here. We look forward to talking to you about this on our next call and we’ll provide you with many of the details and some fun facts. As of right now, we are still counting all the money. This fantastic weekend gives us great confidence in the power of MGM Resorts and Las Vegas, the entertainment capital of the world. I’m pleased to report the net income attributable to MGM Resorts grew 65%, EPS of $0.33 was an increase of $0.13 year-over-year. We achieved Las Vegas REVPAR growth of 1% which is not bad compared to the prior year which was up 14%. Our REVPAR growth was also better than the market as a whole. The LVCVA reported Strip REVPAR that was down 1.5% for the quarter. Obviously the story there is the big Con/Agg affect which we will get into a little while. Our regional properties achieved record EBITDA growth of 10%, very strong year-over-year and MGM China maintained its market share. CityCenter resort operations profit decreased year-over-year due to lower volumes and hold at ARIA; Vdara and Crystals actually had record EBITDA quarters. We’re executing on our plan to improve the free cash flow of our company and the balance sheet companywide. Our convertible notes converted into equity and that took a full turn of leverage off our balance sheet as we continue to improve this through free cash flow and dividends as well. I am happy to report that CityCenter paid its first dividend, a $400 million dividend on Friday. We have been working towards dividends from this project really since we began but now that the pending litigation is behind us, we’re gratified that we’re now able to accomplish that goal. CityCenter is a rapidly appreciating asset and has demonstrated significant operating growth since it opened. And both partners believe that CityCenter’s strong financial position and the ability to driver future free cash flow positions it to begin returning capital to its shareholders as evidenced as you also saw by the approval of an annual dividend policy of 35% of free cash flow. MGM China has been a tremendous investment for our company. And while the market is currently going through obviously its only challenges, we are confident that our investments in Macau will continue to benefit our employees, the citizens of Macau and our company. MGM China’s strong balance sheet is prepared to develop and grow in Cotai and beyond. We recently announced that MGM China has reached an agreement in principal with its creditors to expand the credit facility by $1 billion to $3 billion and lengthened its maturity by year and a half. This obviously shows a great level of support from our lenders. We believe that the expanded and extended credit facility will provide our company with the financial flexibility to continue to investment in the Macau marketplace whether at MGM Macau, MGM Cotai or future opportunities as they may arrive. We’re very excited with the progress we’re making here on the strategic investments in Las Vegas. Our arena which broke ground about a year-ago is advancing incredibly quickly and this will open up in less than a year. This is a project that MGM owns 50% of and will invest around $87 million as a part of our equity contribution. We expect that it will provide an excellent return on investment for both ourselves and AEG and of course that will drive a tremendous amount of traffic throughout the neighborhood which we own. The lower suites and have already been structurally complete in vault [ph] and we will soon see exterior glass curtain walls being installed and the roof will be complete in the next few months. During the first quarter, the arena secured three tremendous partners, Coca-Cola, Toshiba, and Schneider Electric. And at this point that represents about 53% of our pro forma sponsorship revenues already and we’re still in negotiations with eight other founders including a naming right sponsor. We have signed contracts for over half of the suites and are in contact on about another 30% of them. We believe that this is another validation of that this facility will be a game changer in the market and it will be the best in class seeking for entertainment, music, sports as well as creating opportunities to bring new events to the city. And as we saw this past weekend, events are key driver to visitation and profitability. This facility is certainly going to help MGM and help Las Vegas. The plaza also received an official brand sponsor and a name, Toshiba Plaza. That two-acre outdoor public plaza will bridge the park and the entertainment district tying together New York-New York and Monte Carlo and of course the entrance to the arena. At Mandalay Bay, the first phase of the 350,000 square foot expansion of our Convention Center will open in a few months in August of this year. The demand for meeting and convention space has been so high that, that additional space is already booked and will essentially start returning value on day one. And to ensure that our room offerings remained equally vibrant, we will begin renovating our Mandalay Bay rooms this June and that will be fully completed in March of next year. This momentum is developing countrywide. The team has been very continuously reviewing our development initiatives and have green lit them based on the attractiveness from a return on invested capital potential. We’re confident that we’re going to achieve attractive returns on investments in these new markets as we have had before. Projects underway now are in many ways similar to MGM Grand Detroit. If you recall, we built that project in 2007 for around $800 million and that property has historically made around a $150 million each year, creating tremendous equity value to MGM resorts, which brings me to National Harbor? I was just there last week and as anyone that knows that area and has been in DC in a while, knows everyone’s asking when MGM National Harbor is going to open. We recently celebrated the hiring of our 1000th member of the construction force and we are moving forward very steadily to a fourth quarter of next year opening. All the design is reaching completion, architecture is now being seen rising from the ground and we have formally contracted almost 50% of that work. In Springfield, Mass, we broke ground couple of months ago and we’re targeting a late 2017 opening. That project is progressing really well and we will start ramping up our efforts to secure a local contractor which will move forward with construction this summer. This development project feels to us a lot like MGM Detroit in many ways from a return in revenue perspective, and we’re very excited about it. And in Cotai, we’re obviously well under way with our construction and we’re thrilled to see our distinctive architecture coming to life. Our towers have reached the 19th floor with a target to top it off by the end of November. We’ve also been making great progress on our spectacle roof which is now being raised and well been in place [ph] 25 meters in a year, amazing to see. And we remain on target for fourth quarter 2016 opening. With clearly priority of like diversification in our minds, we’re taking steps there to complete our designs with a major focus on non-gaming amenities, our atrium for example, situated at the heart of the resort is going to be enriched with unique elements that we think will mesmerize our guests. The theater will be one of a kind space, never constructed before and we’ll transform that entertainment experience to our guests. This will be a world’s first and we we’re ecstatic about offering that to the Macau marketplace. Our joint venture with Diaoyutai of course is building hotels throughout China and has made great success, most recently developing the Bellagio in Shanghai which will open next year. And of course, we cross-market our properties in Asia, in Las Vegas and beyond. And before I turn it over to Dan, I have to have a few moments here about our friends at Land and Buildings. In January of this year, Land and Buildings asked for a meeting with me. You all know me well and you know I enjoy speaking with shareholders, large and small; analysts; investment banks; everyone, we’re always learning, we’re always open to ideas and I communicated that at the time. The next step was that Land and Buildings filed to nominate four directors to our board, and then the deck was put out without anyone at our company reviewing it, including myself. It suggested that MGM Resorts pay a $2.6 billion special dividend out of MGM China, sell assets, create a REIT and whole bunch of other stuff. The pitch was filled with mistakes and very poor assumptions and we said so at the time. But let me be very clear. The concept of a REIT is not a new one. Our board has evaluated REITs for years and there’ve been many reasons for not pursuing them in those prior years. Obviously during the recession, those reasons included very depressed multiples; we weren’t even a tax payer; we had unduly high leverage; and many others. That said, our business model is evolving and so has the market and it is important to regularly view all opportunities. And I think our board has reflected that in these many years we’ve been together. We’re persistent in looking for ways to unlock value. The company’s done so in the past, will continue to do so in the future. We regularly engage with our very smart financial, tax, legal advisors to review opportunities in our company and we are doing that again. In fact, we’ve been doing that intensively for the past year. These outside advisors are exploring a REIT structure for our company. It’s complicated, it will take some time to thoroughly evaluate it, we’re not sure of the current outcome of that. We’ve added another advisor to our already large team. We announced Evercore recently and they’re working with our other corporate finance and capital markets advisors and legal advisors to review what our other advisors have been working on. So, in summary, I can tell you that the existing board and management team is taking all the necessary steps to create shareholder value for you. In fact, two of our largest shareholders have board representations and are supporting our board and our management team. We’re aligned with our shareholders in the desire for sustainable value. This proxy contest is truly unwarranted as the board and the management team are well equipped to create value, have done so before and we’re well equipped to look at REIT’s and any other opportunity. The stock has done very well over the last five years, up 135%. And I am proud that we were able to rebuild this company throughout this post recession period. We’ve rebuilt it for our shareholders, our employees and the communities in which we serve. And I have to just say that I am sorry that we’re going through this; I am sorry that it’s devolved into a tabloid like campaign and it shouldn’t happen. But with that I’ll turn it over to Dan D’Arrigo and you can talk about our operating resorts. Thank you, Dan.
Dan D’Arrigo: Thank you, Jim and good morning everyone. Overall, net revenue for our wholly owned domestic resorts increased slightly which was driven by our non-luxury Strip resorts and our regional properties, while being offset by our luxury Strip resorts. In Las Vegas, we had a really strong January with REVPAR up double digits; February was in line with our expectations, low to mid single digits; but March was more challenging than we had anticipated. As you know, the entire city faced the tough comparison in March, given the large city wide that Jim mentioned earlier, was in town last year last year, and rotates every three years. Excluding that one week of Con/Agg on a year-over-year basis, our REVPAR would have been up 6% in the quarter. Our convention mix, for the quarter, improved year-over-year resulting in a record at just over 23% of total room nights. But with less city wide convention room-nights year-over-year, we weren’t able to hold occupancy as we anticipated and that impacted all of our business segments. Looking at the second quarter, our convention business continues to build and we are expecting a slight improvement year-over-year in convention room-nights. We expect REVPAR growth of at least 5% in the second quarter, driven by growth at corporate meetings and convention business, a strong event calendar and the trends we are seeing thus far. Our regional properties, as Jim pointed out, had a great quarter as our best in class resorts continue to drive revenues via incremental expanded visitations supported by the strengthening domestic consumer. [Indiscernible] had its best first quarter EBITDA since 2007 and our wholly-owned U.S. regional property EBITDA grew 10% year-over-year. Geographic diversity has been a key strategy for MGM Resorts and our success in the region only supports our expectations for return on investments in both Maryland and Massachusetts. CityCenter’s resort operations in terms of its EBITDA decreased by 14% year-over-year due to lower table games hold and volumes at Aria while Crystals and Vdara had at least record results. Aria’s reported EBITDA of $61 million was a decrease of $14 million year-over-year, primarily due to 250-basis-point decrease in table games hold and lower volumes as a result of some of the impacts we’re seeing at a Mainland sourced Chinese front end business. Aria’s hotel business continues to improve with the record REVPAR of $219. They were able to achieve 4% REVPAR year-over-year driven by a 9% increase in convention room-nights and a 7% increase in ADR. Vdara had a record EBITDA during the quarter, driven by a 5% increase in REVPAR and Crystals’ also had its best EBITDA quarter ever with $12 million recorded during the quarter, a 6% increase year-over-year. As we announced on our last earnings call and as part of our global settlement related to the outstanding Perini and Harmon claims, CityCenter reported $116 million gain in the first quarter. As Jim mentioned, CityCenter paid its first dividend of $400 million on Friday and we received our 50% share or some $200 million. That dividend is one of many strengthening elements for our balance sheet as cash and cash equivalents at the end of the quarter was approximately $2.2 billion, of which roughly $469 million was in MGM China. We also had $1.1 billion in available liquidity under our corporate revolver and approximately $1.4 billion of excess cash on hand. On April 15th we successfully converted our $1.5 billion convertible notes into a net 71.7 million shares of MGM common stock. This conversion was a significant event for our company as we improved our domestic leverage by approximately one turn and improved our free cash flow by eliminating almost $62 million in annual interest expense. The conversion reinforces our improving balance sheet story as we continue to position the company for future growth. At the end of March, MGM China had approximately $950 million of debt outstanding and $1.1 billion in availability under its revolver. CityCenter cash at the end of the quarter was approximately $524 million, total debt at the end of the quarter of approximately $1.5 billion and we’d like to point out that this does not account for the $400 million special dividend that was paid out last week. During the first quarter, we invested approximately $92 million in capital related to our domestic operations. We also invested approximately $54 million in National Harbor and MGM Springfield during the quarter. In addition, we invested approximately $19 million as part of our arena equity contributions. There in the first quarter, MGM China spent approximately $14 million at MGM Macau and $132 million on our Cotai development. With that I’ll turn it over to Grant for his MGM China report.
Grant Bowie: Thanks Dan, good morning, good evening. Again in first quarter, MGM China performed relatively better than the challenged market with net revenue down by 33% year-over-year, while the market itself was down some 37%. Controlling cost and margin, a high on our priority list and we’ve strategically put in place numerous initiatives and restructuring our cost base and also obviously managing cost specifically. But we still remain committed to offering the high quality experience that our customers have come to associate with our property here in Macau. Despite these challenges, MGM China was able to maintain its outsized market share of 10% during the quarter, a situation that we’ve been able to do consistently over the last three years. MGM China is all I think strong in our mass market and we continue to outperform. But our main floor table games revenue was declined by 14%. This is in comparison to the broader market decrease of 19%. We continue to compete with the focus on targeted marketing efforts and high quality offerings and best in class services and standards. Our mix shift towards the higher end margin main floor business continued in the quarter with 50% now of our revenues and approximately 80% of MGM China’s EBITDA contribution coming from the mass market. We continue to shift tables from VIP to the mass with additional 44 table units being moved to the main floor this year versus last, representing now approximately 55% of that table allocation. On the VIP side, VIP table games revenue decreased by 45% year-over-year, driven primarily by lower turnover which declined 51%, while hold increased slightly to 3.3% from 3% in the prior quarter. To echo, Jim’s earlier comments, we’re thrilled to see the progress we’re making in Cotai. And when I go out on the site these days, it’s tangible to see the changes that are taking place from visit to visit. And we remain on schedule to open in the fourth quarter of 2006. This timing remains contingent on our saving the necessary government approvals, including our future life of quarters. [Ph]Our objectives in bringing diversification to Macau is undeniable on the offerings we have planned MGM Cotai, and it is clear that our current high standards will carry through in the quality of the non-gaming amenities that we’ll offer at our second resort in the market. We look forward to our future of growth and more importantly, we want to grow our business with our team members, particularly our local talent. In fact, 26 of our local managers at MGM Macau just came back from Las Vegas after an intensive 10-day operational cross-training and immersion program, where we’ve been able to prepare them for the advancement in our organization as we mature and grow. Right now, more than 80% of the management team at MGM Macau are local employees and we’re committed to meet with our local young people as our business grows. With that, I’d like to turn back to Jim for his closing remarks. Thank you.
Jim Murren: Thanks Grant. Just a few things and then we’ll turn it up to questions. And obviously, this weekend was tremendous and it was a very profitable event for MGM and the Strip; the city as a whole tremendously benefitted from this worldwide event. And I have to commend all the stakeholders in doing so, the first responders Metro; Fire Department, the County all collectively worked together to create an exciting and safe environment that only Las Vegas can deliver on. And I think it’s a testament to the collective energy of this town that we’re able to deliver uniquely in the world, deliver this type of entertainment. And the party continues, Rock in Rio is coming to the north end of the Strip on our new festival lot. Over the next couple of weekends, tens of thousands of more people will be here. People that love to watch Taylor Swift and Bruno Mars and Metallica and the list goes on, and then of course we have some major performers in our arenas Bette Midler and Eagles. It’s really a great line-up in the second quarter. Our convention business continues to show very strong demand. Our lead volumes were up 70%, over the first quarter of last year. And corporates are driving over 60% of the booked room-nights. And you know how important that is from an ADR a non-gaming spend perspective. The completed expansion in Mandalay based convention center will clearly help us capitalize even further on this strong corporate demand and that bodes very well for all of next year. This company operates on a core set of principles and values that have guided our business and have ultimately led to our success. Over the past five years, we have dramatically improved the balance sheet, as consolidated leverage is now approximately five times and our cost of borrowing has been cut in half. Our EBITDA margins have increased by 320 basis points in the wholly owned properties from 2010 to through 2014. And we have also one very competitive bids for key gaming markets that will drive future growth; of course, in Massachusetts and in Maryland. Our board and management has worked hard together and we will continue to deliver sustainable long-term value to our shareholders. And with that, I’d like to turn it over to Emily to move into the Q&A section of our call.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Joseph Greff with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Joseph Greff: Question for you all with respect to your outlook for the last Vegas trip and Jim some of this may be you answered in your closing comments. But when you are internally forecasting across all metrics for the last Vegas trip, is it getting easier; is it improving; is the visibility improving? And maybe I ask in the context of that mainly mainland Chinese player or resort guests and particularly non-Chinese international guests that might be impacted by FX. And then when you kind of roll up the 5% REVPAR growth for the 2Q, must have added about 16 on as you mentioned it Jim. How much of a benefit you think you received from this past week and what obviously was tremendous? Thank you.
Jim Murren: Well, maybe I’ll start and then anyone jump in; I think Bill wants to talk about China and Dan or Corey can jump into. Our REVPAR guidance, we’ve made it a point to get as specific as possible over these many years. We’re getting better and better at forecasting this on a REVPAR perspective. I think some of you thought we are sand bagging here because we kind of beat our REVPAR guidance for two years, or three years in a row every single quarter. And we’re a bit short of it this first quarter and the reason for that was some softness in March. But we were up; we knew it was going to be tough; everyone knew it’s going to be tough but we fell little bit short in the month of March. We had a tremendous January, tremendous February and a little bit of weakness. April, we were up, what 4%? So REVPAR in the month of April snapped right back. And obviously we had a very great weekend and forecast for REVPAR we gave you for the quarter, we feel very good about it. We don’t understand the more negative views that I’ve heard about what’s happening in either of the current quarter. And certainly, it’s perplexing to have any kind of constructive opinion on the summer at all given the fact that those booking windows are so short. What we can say is we have a tremendous amount of business on the books for the third quarter as well in the convention side. So, we’re feeling with 42,000 rooms very comfortable with our guidance in terms of REVPAR even taking into account the negative impact of stronger the dollar and undoubtedly a negative impact of mainland Chinese customers coming to Las Vegas. But I’ll turn it may be over to Bill for it. Do you want to say something there?
Bill Hornbuckle: As it relates to Las Vegas, China business, I’ll remind everybody because just came up on the last call, we used less than 5% of our total cash flows in Las Vegas. So put it in perspective and keep it there. We were down about 30% collectively; it principally obviously showcased itself through Chinese New Year. If you put all that together, it’s maybe 15 million or 20 million in net gaming revenues. I think the other thing Joe to your question is to just understand the value of the dollar going forward and watch Middle East, Europe and Latin America, we’re watching that closely, the value has gone up between 20% and 30%, depending on the market which I think if we go through the balance of the year, that’s something we’ll watch. And then the balance of Asia: Japan, Korea Taiwan has responded exceptionally well as we’ve refocused our energy and our people towards those markets.
Corey Sanders: And Joe, this is Corey. What I would add is the March softness was really isolated to the first few weeks and in particular the Con/Agg week which was here last year. We could identify the weakness to those periods. And actually if you look at the past five years from an occupancy perspective, the first quarter is pretty much in line with where it normally is without Con/Agg expo. A few other points that give us some comfort, air capacity is growing at 3%. When you take the citywide out of the visitation which we were down 110,000 just and Con/Agg was 160 of that, we’re actually up in visitation when you take that week out also. So everything we see in our business, there hasn’t been much of a change from what we see.
Sarah Rogers: Joe, on your question about REVPAR at the Mayweather weekend, Mayweather benefits us by about 1% for the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix: Corey, a question for you just on the cost side of things, and I know it’s hard to talk about flow through this quarter. But as we think about the 50% goal, I am wondering if that still stands for the year and where are you seeing most of the cost pressures and what are you doing to offset those?
Dan D’Arrigo: Felicia, I am going to jump in first and then turn it over to Corey. I think when we look at our overall cost structure, it’s pretty much in line with where we expected, our costs were up about 2% in the quarter, our FTEs were flat year-over-year. So, we feel good about how we’re managing our costs and there is always room for improvement that maybe Corey can touch on as well, but that’s part of our normal process. I think as we look at follow-through, again we look at it from and I know we said this in a past, a longer perspective. And we continue to look at the longer opportunity from a margin perspective and continue to look at flow-through for longer period of time because quarter-by-quarter we’re going to get these ups and downs and that happens from time-to-time.
Corey Sanders: And Felicia, we’re very focused on margin; with that flow-through will happen. Once again, as we look at the quarter our 2014 was a very tough quarter because it drove occupancy and high rates plus we had higher table game win, all that stuff would impact margins. When I look at it more towards normal quarter like Q1 of 2013, we’re actually up almost 6 basis points on the Strip in margin.
Jim Murren: And I would say on the flow-through, we still feel like the annual 50% is a good number to use. And we expect margins will be up this year as a company, as they have been over the last four years.
Felicia Hendrix: And Jim, why have you -- when you think about your portfolio of properties under Strip and notwithstanding all that ebbs and flows just quarter-to-quarter and different things going on like tough comps and stuff like that. Are we at the point of the lifecycle right now in the Strip where we’re going to see better improvement, better recovery and your low-end? How should we think about that as for us modelers going forward?
Jim Murren: A few things, so on the quarter, we’re talking about Bellagio’s margins were 29.5%, and that was better than their peer group; that was better than win in the Las Vegas stands in Las Vegas in the first quarter. We think that our flagship properties, our luxury properties had the ability even during a tough convention comp like in the first quarter to drive revenue. And we expect those margins to improve as well. So, I would look at the Strip, maybe three categories of properties we have, the luxury properties; growing revenues; and margin because we’re getting better mix. And then particularly as it relates to Mandalay, a tremendous impact on mix given this large convention expansion which not only should help Mandalay, it should help Luxor and Excalibur, as you are driving business. But one is, the properties at the luxury end have been more isolated, less vulnerable to swings and citywide conventions. On the next group of properties, we call our core properties, those are the ones that really benefits from inherent demand in citywide convention business and have the ability to grow margin and EBITDA greater from their current base. And we feel that way because we see what happens when we do have a large convention in town or mega fight or something of those metrics; we just get huge snapbacks in revenue and profit at those core properties. And so looking at it as a portfolio, I think that we can grow everywhere but mostly the core properties can do, I think better as the convention business improves. I think that REVPAR in the first quarter for core was actually up, it was up 4% and that’s without Con/Agg obviously being here. So looking forward, I feel the power that we have and the opportunity is the operating leverage of 42,000 hotel rooms and using them as a collective portfolio, we can drive revenue in all of them but it’s clearly the core properties are more dependent on the city-wides than the luxuries are.
Corey Sanders: And I would add, I think it’s been at least the last three quarters where the quarter’s percentage increased and REVPAR had outperformed the luxury. And so I think that’s going to continue; they have a lot more to go from peak. So that’s why I think they have that opportunity to continue to grow more.
Felicia Hendrix: Just last housekeeping, the $8 million hold -- negative effect on EBITDA from hold in the quarter, was that from one particular property or could you just tell us where it was from?
Corey Sanders: It was kind of sprinkled around a few Felecia, with actually Bellagio, Mandalay and believe it or not, MGM Detroit as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Carlo Santorelli at Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santorelli: A two-part question actually. If you look at the 2Q and the 1Q sequentially in years past when we look at periods that include Con/Agg expo. I get the sense that even if we were to ignore the 100 basis-point benefit from the Mayweather fight that the plus five is conservative based on some of the historical seasonal trends. If you guys could address how you’re thinking about it with a plus four for April with the 100 basis points for Mayweather and the seasonal sequential changes in dollar REVPAR on the Strip that would be helpful. And then just one quick follow up, when you guys think about flow through and you think about the 2% kind of cost escalation, net revenue on the Strip north of 4%, is that fair to say in terms of being able to drive that 50% flow through you guys have spoken about?
Dan D’Arrigo: Hey Carlo, this is Dan. I think you’re fairly accurate in terms of kind of where the REVPAR the -- the overall net revenue growth would need to be to kind of get to -- get in and around that 50% level with a plus or minus 2% kind of increase on the cost side. I think when you look at the REVPAR characteristics going forward, we always knew that the first quarter was going to be our most challenging quarter and that the comparisons for the rest of the year were going to be stronger because of Con/Agg. And I think as you look at April and May and the second quarter being the driving months, June actually shapes up pretty well for us, given our group business that’s on the books but it’s typically the -- and normally the weaker of the three months in the quarter, in terms of that flow.
Carlo Santorelli: And then just on the 3Q, as you think about the book of business for the 3Q; what percentage of your room nights at this point in time are generally on the books for the third quarter.
Dan D’Arrigo: Remember, the city as a whole is about a 60 to 70 day -- inside 70 day kind of booking window, so in terms of the visibility. And so you start getting into August and September and we’ve got good visibility in terms of our group bookings. We feel good about how the leisure’s shaping up. There is a little bit of softness in some of that international leisure travel but we think we can fill it up with some of the domestic business that we’re seeing and some of the airlift that we’re going to see in the summer months that Corey mentioned earlier as well.
Jim Murren: I think we just booked a really big piece of business in August, didn’t we?
Dan D’Arrigo: Yes. In the year, for the year.
Jim Murren: So, we’ve been booking in the year for the year pretty effectively here. So, I would say that the third quarter’s looking pretty solid for me relative to, seasonally relative to where we were even last year.
Carlo Santorelli: Yes, thanks Dan, thanks Jim.
Operator: Our next question is from Thomas Allen of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas Allen: Was there any suggestion that 1Q is impacted by high rollers that delayed their trips to come for some of those special events this month? Thanks.
Dan D’Arrigo: Thomas, this is Dan. That’s definitely a fair and accurate statement as folks delayed some trips to come in for this weekend’s fight for sure. And they came.
Thomas Allen: And came?
Dan D’Arrigo: And as Jim said, they’re still here.
Jim Murren: I got one little fun fact. So, I asked aviation to look at this, I sent Sarah a picture of this. So, the most planes we ever had at Atlantic Aviation was 350 planes, that was during the Super Bowl weekend. This past weekend, there were over 500 planes. And Sarah can send around the picture. I cannot believe how they shoe horned these planes. And by the way by 10 o’clock yesterday morning, they stopped receiving planes in Las Vegas and they were diverting planes to North Las Vegas, an airport I’ve never been to, because the demand was so great. So there was a tremendous amount of play in here. I guess having planes is a good thing, because we certainly, we were flying all night, all day long and so were our competitors but we saw a lot of tails out there that we’ve never seen before and that was clearly a reflection of people coming in for the fight.
Thomas Allen: I saw a similar picture; that was very impressive. So, just as a follow-up. In the past you’ve talked about potentially monetizing Crystals; can you give us your latest thoughts there? And when you talked earlier about considering a REIT option, would you consider REITing out the whole company or just putting the company up or would it, maybe just the regionals or just a Strip or anything like that.
Jim Murren: Sure. I’ll tackle Crystals and then the REIT ideas. We had explored the potential sale of Crystals a couple of years ago. And we had high level of interest for the issue that potential buyers had at the time was what is the growth story and how does the Perini litigation impact potential ownership of Crystals, and what you are going to with that Harmon site, it’s about 2.2 acres once you resolve your issues with your contractor. We didn’t have any answers to those questions at that time. We were in middle of that litigation. We didn’t have a plan for Harmon what that site would be. And so we just got to a point where we didn’t feel as owners we were going to get paid for the potential growth opportunity of Crystals. And so fast forward to today, it was only last month that we settled with Perini. And almost immediately after that the CityCenter board started working on plans of what to do with that land which obviously could include expanding Crystals and making it a growth vehicle for a potential owner. We have a keen interest in finding the right buyer for Crystals. And we have been smart to wait because the NOI has been growing steadily at Crystals and the tenant mix is improving. And now the growth story is very much intact. And so, I would anticipate we along with our 50% owners of CityCenter will be viewing that as a very strong opportunity to monetize what is -- easily well over $1 billion asset to the owners. And so that’s where we stand with Crystals; it’s being actively discussed at the board level; and we hope to have something to report at some later date. As it relates to REIT, I’ll go back to ‘07 when we first started talking about that as a company. And then of course the recession hit. We were building CityCenter at the time and I guess we didn’t have a crystal ball to know that we were going to have the global recession and financial crisis that we had. But it was always part of the plan to find ways to monetize some of our real estate, certainly CityCenter was based in part on that when we developed condominiums that we expected and hoped to sell at a nice profit. Now here we are on the other side of that great recession. We have more opportunities than ever before. We are a very much a real estate rich company. About the only thing I did agree with in the land and buildings discussion is that we are undervalued and have undervalued real estate. Now, how to unlock that value is something that we along with a very strong group of investment bankers and our team here have been working on. And REITs could easily play a pivotal role, a central role in fact in how we unlock value, whether that is at our regional properties; whether it’s at our core properties; whether it’s at the company at large or elements of our portfolio. And it’s certainly attractive but also asset sales are attractive. As we have sold assets in the past, there is no reason why with rising cash flows and rising multiples the value of real estate here in Las Vegas has gone up as witnessed by REITs in trades even this year of two older casino properties that have been transacted at really nice values per acre. So, we are in a position of strength, a very different place than we were back in ‘08 and ‘09 when we were in a position of weakness. We will use our strength to the advantage of our shareholders in negotiating the best possible values for any of our assets. And I think we’re well advised legally from a tax perspective and from an investment banking perspective. And I think we have been well known as a company that’s active in either capital markets hitting windows when they’re open, transactions, joint ventures, asset sales and we are very busy right now I can say.
Operator: Our next question is from Harry Curtis from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Harry Curtis: Just as a follow-up on that point. Dan when would you expect to be cash tax payer?
Dan D’Arrigo: Harry, we’ll take some taxes this year; it’s less than 50 million this year in cash taxes.
Harry Curtis: And so 2016, any idea what’s your cash tax rate might look like?
Dan D’Arrigo: From a cash tax standpoint, go up a little bit but nothing substantial in ‘16.
Harry Curtis: I wanted to also get an opinion from Grant. There is a bulging capacity and Macau begins relatively soon. And I am wondering what your contingency plans are as you think about maintaining the market share that you’ve so far successfully defended?
Grant Bowie: I wouldn’t call it a contingency plan because it’s actually cited [ph] plan. The critical point, I think we all are focused on is that we just need to continue to grow. I think the thing that we’re obviously now also managing is the speed at which we need to diversify into the non-gaming. So for us, it’s really about acquisition, broadening our base, we obviously now are very strong in premium mass and mass business and we obviously continue to do that. And I think that’s a discussion you and I had probably 18 months ago. We’re putting those structures in place, very pleased to have those coming together. And I think that’s a critical point. We all know what’s coming on stream and structures we’re putting in place is responding to that as well as allowing us to double the size of our own business. Does that help?
Harry Curtis: It does, but you raised an interesting point about the non-gaming element of it. What indications have you gotten from or definitions maybe, have you gotten from the government on how you fulfill their definition of non-gaming amenities?
Grant Bowie: I think that’s what we are all working through, but I think if you look at each of the companies and I know from our perspective, we’re very focused on entertainment and building the entertainment base for ourselves and then on top of that we also add food and beverage and the retail concepts; others may be looking at other areas. Clearly in Cotai, we’re also looking at building out targeted mass business, particularly focused on the incentive component of that. So, I think the critical point for us is that I think all of us who have been in the tourism and leisure industry understand what the landscape looks like. I think what we’re doing is making sure that we pickup components that fit comfortably with our strategy and that work well with the type of product and the type of customers that we’re targeting. And from the work that we’re being doing today and as Jim indicated, we’re very comfortable in terms of being part of the creative process and tapping into that consumption growth of China.
Operator: Our next question is from Robin Farley of UBS. Please go ahead. 
Robin Farley: One Vegas question and one Macau question. For Vegas, on the last call you talked about the remaining quarters being up more than 2% to 3% of REVPAR; and I know visibility -- there is a less visibility further out you go but would you reiterate that about Q3, Q4 at this point or maybe just take more a of a wait and see. And then I have a Macau question as well.
Jim Murren: I am comfortable saying that.
Robin Farley: And then on Cotai, you mentioned that you are on track for the Q4 2016 opening, I’m just wondering if you can give some color on the worker quarters that you have, does -- you are on track today, does staying on track require additional labors or can you still open at that scheduled point without any increase from what you have today?
Grant Bowie: I think the critical point is, is it’s actually -- the labor pool changes from one set of skills to another set of skills, such a different group of people. So, the numbers we’ve got, we’re tracking well. We’re very lucky we have a very strong contractor in China today and clearly that’s part of their key responsibility. But I think we’re conscious of the market conditions at the moment and we’re obviously doing everything we can to make sure that we design, develop, and execute this to make sure that we can get this done as quickly as we can.
Robin Farley: So, it sounds like if maybe just to get the visibility on, you mentioned the labor pool that your needs will change over the next couple of quarters. So, it sounds like there are still kind of changes that will need to happen and with this labor as you go through the process?
Grant Bowie: There certainly will be. And as I said, we’re all very conscious of those needs and our contractor has been very proactive in trying to anticipate where their needs will be and trying to work through those processes. So, as best we possibly can and in support and cooperation with the Macau government, we will certainly get there.
Operator: Our last question today is from Shaun Kelley of Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Shaun Kelley: We’ve covered a lot of ground, so I’ll try and keep it short. But Dan, could you just let us know what the outlook is for MGM China dividend at this stage, particularly as cash flows there are under some pressure and then of course you are ramping up construction into Cotai?
Dan D’Arrigo: As you know Shaun, the board there has approved up to 35% of income annual dividend that’s paid semiannual. So that will continue to be reviewed and looked at by the board. As a matter of act will be taking to the annual general meeting here in May in a couple of weeks the final 2014 dividend declaration and that board will continue to assess that piece. As far as special dividends, I think that will be something that that board will continue to look at, based on not only market and individual performance but based on overall needs as we continue to ramp up, obviously in Cotai and continue to invest in MGM Macau. So, that piece will continue to be assessed on a go forward basis case-by-case.
Shaun Kelley: Can you just remind us if there is a -- is there like a leverage maximum or any sort of leverage constrain covenant wise that people should be aware of?
Dan D’Arrigo: In the bank agreement, it’s -- I believe it’s five times for MGM China.
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer session today. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jim Murren for any closing remarks.
Jim Murren: Well, thank you all for joining us today. And as always, we’ll be around for any follow-up questions. We look forward to seeing you out here in Las Vegas, especially when our new arena opens; we’ll have a party then, sure and obviously at National Harbor and all the activities we have going on throughout the year. Please feel free to give us call at any time. Take care.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sarah Rogers - Vice President of Investor Relations James Joseph Murren - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Grant R. Bowie - President Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer William Joseph Hornbuckle - President and Chief Marketing Officer Christopher W. Nordling - Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christopher E. Jones - Union Gaming Group, LLC Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Joel H. Simkins - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are: Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Grant Bowie, Chief Executive Officer of MGM China Holdings, Limited. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Mrs. Sarah Rogers. Please go ahead.
Sarah Rogers: Good morning, and welcome to MGM Resorts International's fourth quarter earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at mgmresorts.com. A replay of the call will be available on our website. We furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Sarah, and good morning, everyone. This is a good day for the MGM team. Our U.S. wholly-owned operations achieved its best EBITDA cash flow in 6 years. Last year, CityCenter's cash flow from resort operations was a new record. And at MGM China, even though it's a challenging market, we also had a record year as well in 2014. And we closed the year with very solid fourth quarter results. Our wholly-owned domestic resorts reported its best fourth quarter since 2007. Quarterly revenues and cash flow both grew 5% year-over-year, driven by our Strip property growth. CityCenter resort operations results were impacted by a really tough hold at ARIA, but the campus as a whole continued to improve in the quarter. At MGM China, of course, Grant will get you more detail in this on the fourth quarter, but I'm pleased with that property's market outperformance and its ability to grow margins year-over-year in what is obviously a very challenging macro environment there. Today, MGM China announced a special dividend of $400 million and will also recommend $120 million final dividend as part of our regular dividend policy. We have again demonstrated our commitment of sharing our returns with our shareholders with the declaration of these dividends. Really, 2014 was a great year for the company. And I'd just like to take a couple of moments to highlight the progress we have made in that very busy, busy year. First, the property improvements to our Strip properties. We completed the new Strip frontage at Monte Carlo and at New York-New York. And as you can see, if you've been out here, those properties look beautiful and are seeing a lift as they've reported increases of 9% and 14% cash flow growth, respectively, during the quarter. Also, we've had a couple of new additions to Las Vegas, and I'm proud to say that Shake Shack opened last December and is already the second-highest grossing Shake Shack in the portfolio's history, second only to Times Square. We're well underway with the development of that entertainment district. Early returns are obviously favorable to us, and that's the park between those 2 properties, which will lead up to the country's best new arena. The MGM AEG arena financing was completed last year, and construction is flying along. And it's anticipated to open in the spring of next year. Suite sales and sponsorship sales are progressing extremely well, and it's shocking how fast that arena is going up. You should come out and take a peek. At Mandalay Bay, the remodel of The Hotel into the Delano was completed in September, and our volumes and pace for that property look extremely promising. In fact, Delano had double-digit revenue growth in the month of January. Also based on the success and demand for our convention business, as you know, we commenced the expansion of Mandalay's convention area, and that will add another 350,000 square feet of meeting space when completed in the fourth quarter this year. And since announcing that expansion, Mandalay has experienced a really nice uptick in forward convention bookings, and we've signed several LOIs for new business going into that new expansion area. MGM Cotai construction is progressing really well. MGM Cotai, as you know, will be almost 2x the size of our existing property, and that allows us to develop far more amenities for our guests. The Spectacle's undulating ceiling of glass is being built as we speak, and we're continuing to refine the technology and entertainment experience there. The showroom represents an unprecedented opportunity to extend our industry-leading entertainment expertise as we will create a versatile stage and venue capable of evolving with MGM Cotai as its destination entertainment options grow and mature. This will be a first-in-the-market type of entertainment venue, and we are really excited to display it to the world. We remain on track to open this resort in the world's largest gaming market in the fall of 2016. MGM Diaoyutai, our joint venture in China, continues to make really great progress. We had our best year ever at MGM Sanya, the hotel in Hainan Island. We opened a hotel in Chengdu. We topped off the Bellagio in Shanghai, and we've recently signed an agreement to build a Bellagio in Beijing. And on the East Coast, we're developing 2 new resorts that will soon have a strong collection -- that will mean we'll soon have a strong collection of resorts on the Eastern corridor. This, of course, will allow us to expand our brand presence in that region and provide even better cross-marketing opportunities, and we've seen those results accrue to the benefit of our Detroit and Mississippi properties back here in Las Vegas. Last summer, we broke ground on MGM National Harbor in Maryland, and that remains on track to open in the fall of 2016. And we expect that resort to be one of the most successful U.S. resorts outside of Las Vegas when it's open. In Springfield, the referendum is now behind us, and we can move forward. The land has now been assembled, and we are commencing site work. We're anticipating the ground breaking this spring and targeting a second half of 2017 opening for MGM Springfield. And in New Jersey, MGM was re-licensed in September and approved to regain our stake in Borgata, the best-in-class end market leading property in Atlantic City. So I'm pleased with our accomplishments and successes in 2014 and expect that we will grow off that base here in 2015. In fact, we already are at our wholly-owned resorts. We have just accomplished the highest net revenue and EBITDA January since the peak back in 2007, and we've seen broad-based growth across all of our room categories and in our casinos. And so with that, I'd like to turn it over to Dan to talk about our operating results and our financial position.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. In Las Vegas, we achieved 6% growth in both revenues and EBITDA. During the quarter, we increased margins by approximately 10 basis points. And during the quarter, we saw a broad-based revenue growth in casino, hotel and food and beverage. Each of these segments were up mid-single digits at our Strip properties. Our properties continue to benefit from increased occupancy, up 3 percentage points year-over-year, driven by a higher convention mix in the quarter. This allowed us to grow fourth quarter Strip REVPAR by 7%, exceeding our guidance of 5%. This was the ninth consecutive quarter of REVPAR growth for our company. In fact, 2014 was our highest convention mix ever in the history of our company at over -- slightly over 17% of our room nights in 2014. As we look into 2015, it is our expectation based on current convention bookings to meet or slightly beat the level attained in 2014. Over 90% of that target is contracted and on the books, and over 60% of all of our future bookings are now being comprised of future corporate meeting events. Looking at the first quarter, we expect REVPAR growth of approximately 2% to 3%. This is a significant accomplishment, given we are growing over the 14% REVPAR growth in the prior year's quarter. I'm very proud of the sales and yield management teams for this extraordinary effort, and all of our operating units for putting forth a great result in 2014 and off to a tremendous start thus far in 2015. Moving over to CityCenter. CityCenter resort operations EBITDA decreased by 16% year-over-year on a tough hold comparison, as Jim mentioned, at ARIA. ARIA reported EBITDA of $60 million lower year-over-year, driven by a 450 basis point decrease in table games hold, as well as lower volumes. ARIA's hotel business continues to improve, as seen by the 9% REVPAR increase year-over-year, driven by a 20% increase in convention room nights. This higher convention mix allowed ARIA to achieve its best-ever catering and banquet revenue in the quarter. Vdara had a record fourth quarter EBITDA, driven by a 13% increase in REVPAR. Crystals recorded $11 million in EBITDA during the quarter, another strong performance at Crystals. As we announced in late December, CityCenter was able to record a global settlement related to the outstanding Perini and Harmon claims. There are several moving parts to the settlement, and due to the accounting literature, CityCenter was required to record a $39 million charge in the fourth quarter and anticipates a $160 million gain in the first quarter of 2015. Moving on to the balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year was approximately $2.3 billion, of which approximately $546 million was at MGM China. We currently have approximately $1.1 billion in available liquidity under our corporate revolver and approximately $1.1 billion in excess cash on hand in the U.S. as a result of our November 2014 bond offering. We believe this available liquidity allows us to deal not only with near-term maturities, but with our upcoming growth initiatives. MGM China had approximately $1.5 billion in revolver availability at the end of the quarter and currently today. CityCenter cash at the end of the quarter was $410 million, which includes $143 million of restricted cash. And total debt at CityCenter at the end of the quarter was approximately $1.5 billion. During the fourth quarter, we invested approximately $114 million, 1-1-4, bringing our full year capital -- CapEx related to domestic operations to $387 million. We also invested $77 million on National Harbor and MGM Springfield during the quarter, bringing full year CapEx on these developments to $138 million. In addition, we invested approximately $48 million in our arena and hospitality joint ventures. To help with your 2015 modeling, we expect our CapEx to be as follows: Here at our wholly-owned domestic resorts, we expect to spend approximately $425 million in 2015, which includes a room renovation at Mandalay Bay for their main hotel tower and suites; convention expansion at Mandalay as well, as Jim mentioned, the 350,000 square-foot expansion; and our continued development of our park and entertainment district between Monte Carlo and New York-New York. Our development projects will total approximately $500 million in 2015, with National Harbor making up about $375 million; MGM Springfield about $80 million; and investments in joint ventures, predominantly our arena investments, of about $50 million. During the fourth quarter, MGM China spent approximately $14 million at MGM Macau and $37 million on our Cotai development. For the year, MGM China spent approximately $45 million on MGM Macau and $275 million on Cotai, bringing the total investment to date of approximately $500 million, excluding land and cap interest and development fees at MGM Cotai. In 2015, MGM China is expected to spend $100 million on MGM China and $1.1 billion on MGM Cotai. That concludes my report. I'll turn it over to Grant Bowie.
Grant R. Bowie: Thanks, Dan, and good morning. So 2014 produced a number of records for MGM China. EBITDA grew by 5% to $850 million, and margins increased 140 basis points. These results were achieved despite the many challenges confronting us in Macau, requiring us to constantly adapt and respond to the rapidly changing business environment. We're certainly not immune to the challenges in the Macau market, but I do believe we have a robust and responsive strategies that will allow us to create opportunities for future growth. For the fourth quarter, MGM China reported net revenue and EBITDA down 22% year-on-year, while the overall market was actually down 25%. Our EBITDA margin, though, was up 10 basis points year-over-year to 25.8%, thanks to growth in the main floor business and cost controls. MGM China, in fact, is the only Macau concessionaire that recorded growth in the main floor business during the fourth quarter. Our main floor table games revenue increased by 19% year-over-year, while the overall market was, in fact, down 9%. Our outperformance in the segment, which has been our strength for a number of quarters, is a result of our relentless execution of strategy and our focus on our customer experiences and operating performance. Given the current market trends, which have seen revenue migration from the VIP to the mass segment, we have reallocated capacity such that now over half of our tables are now allocated to the main floor, the result of this being that the mass business contributed approximately 75% of our profit in the fourth quarter. This compares to approximately 60% in 2013. VIP table games revenue decreased by 39% year-over-year. This was due to the market being down 32%, and for us, lower hold, which was 2.6% versus 2.8% in the prior period. We are committed to being a high-quality operator, and continuously upgrading the hospitality and gaming experiences for our customers is essential. To remain competitive, we need to -- we plan to invest approximately $100 million, as Dan indicated, in capital this coming year. Our future capital projects for MGM Macau include: a redesigned main floor layout to improve traffic flow and operating efficiencies; as well, we'll be introducing a range of non-gaming products in the form of over 15 new retail outlets; and reconceptualize food and beverage offerings to add capacity and diversity. MGM Cotai construction continues to pick up pace, as Jim has mentioned, and the project is on schedule to open in the fall of 2016. Construction of the hotel towers has now reached the 16th floor, and the progress is moving quickly. The first sections of curtain wall have been installed for quality and acceptance, and full-scale fixing of the curtain wall will commence next month. We are keen to get our property open, as MGM China has the greatest potential to grow in the market with the addition of our second property. MGM Cotai will nearly quadruple our room base and triple our gross floor area, which will allow us to expand our product offering into the retail and entertainment. These will all create opportunities for earnings and margin improvement. While we're gearing up in Cotai, we're also loading teams around our second property while developing the skill set of our local team. At MGM, we firmly believe that it is important to groom and nurture the local talent. Currently, more than 80% of our management team at MGM Macau are local employees, and we are looking to grow this percentage as we grow our business. We have always been committed to grow the business with our local team members. And in fact, over the past 12 months, we have internally promoted over 700 of our local team members. And with that, I'd like to turn back to Jim for his closing remarks.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Grant. Our largest market, of course, Las Vegas, is showing solid signs of growth. Visitation was up 4% last year to a new record of over 41 million visitors. The LVCVA has the goal of reaching 45 million visitors over the next few years and growing our international mix of those visitors from about 20% now to 30%. We think these objectives are achievable. We do not expect any new capacity in the market in the near future, and airlift is scheduled to be up about 3% for the first quarter. Obviously, the U.S. consumer is feeling better. Unemployment is at its lowest level in 5 years, consumer confidence is at new highs, house prices are recovering and of course, energy costs have been cut dramatically. Remember that 70% of our Las Vegas revenues are non-gaming. Consumers are spending more, and this really helps, particularly our core properties. And I can tell you that for MGM, 2015 is off to a very strong start in Las Vegas. For example, in January, the Consumer Electronics Show had record attendance. And during that conference, the MGM portfolio had 2 of its best hotel revenue days of all time, and we continue to build off of our strong base of convention room nights. The next month, in February, the Super Bowl drew the second-largest crowd in the city's history for that event. And later this week, we kick off Chinese New Year's, which is, of course, always a major holiday for people that travel to Las Vegas from around the world, and of course, for Macau as well. MGM continues to invest where we see opportunity. We're really excited about the venues we have opening this year. Rock in Rio will debut in May. There may even be a certain fight that month in May, Bill. Our convention center expansion will open this year. That will have a profound impact on Mandalay Bay next year. The arena, it is hard to understate the impact of the neighborhood of that 20,000-seat arena. And of course, we own the neighborhood on that side of the Strip. And that opens next year, next spring. And beyond Las Vegas, we're really excited about the targeted developments we have underway, including, obviously, MGM Cotai, MGM National Harbor and MGM Springfield. And so with that, operator, we have plenty of time for questions, and I'd like to turn it over to you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Joseph Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I have 2 questions, one relates to Las Vegas and then my second one relates to Macau. With respect to the Las Vegas Strip -- and I understand your comments were quite positive in terms of what you're seeing so far, the first month plus this year. Can you talk about what you're seeing on the Baccarat volume side? I know the last 5 months, the Strip had some squishy results. Some of that is maybe comparison-related, and it looks like you took some share in the fourth quarter. But can you talk about what you're seeing with that Baccarat consumer? And then my second question on Macau and maybe for you as well, Jim. Can you talk about what the dividend policy and maybe the leverage -- balance sheet leverage strategy is there with respect to Macau?
James Joseph Murren: Okay, Joe, let me tackle that. January, we had a very strong Baccarat month. Our volume was up -- well, it was up double digits in January. In fact, overall table games were up high single digits in the month of January. And so I'd say we're off to a good start there. That said, just so you kind of understand the frame of the issue, because China is obviously topical, we've looked at this. Here in Las Vegas, our cash flow exposure to Chinese Baccarat play is in the low single digits. Less than 5% of our EBITDA comes from China here in Las Vegas in terms of Baccarat. It's important, and as I said, it was up nicely overall in January. But I just wanted to frame the quantum of that for you. And I think the second half, the question goes to Grant.
Grant R. Bowie: Joe, so the issue on the dividend, in terms of -- I'm assuming you're talking about go-forward leverage, Joe?
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Exactly, exactly.
Grant R. Bowie: Okay. So clearly, we are going to maintain the annual commitment, the annual bonus -- the annual dividend. The bigger issue obviously is going to be the go-forward special dividend, and obviously, that will be mapped out against our cash requirements. We're still looking very positively at being able to generate significant cash, and I'm sure that all of our shareholders would see us being able to distribute back. But that will obviously need to be determined on a cash by cash basis. So we continue to reaffirm the commitment to our existing policy, with the board addressing opportunities for special dividends as they see it as appropriate.
Operator: Our next question is from Harry Curtis from Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Jim, let's start with you. Let's go back to 2007, when your properties generated about $2 billion worth of EBITDA. Still a fairly wide gap between what you generated in '14 and that peak. What are the drivers going to be to help you close that gap? And specifically, how important is the casino piece in 2015 and '16 versus how big it was then?
James Joseph Murren: Okay, Harry, let me take a stab at that. Yes, those were the good old days when Jim didn't have gray hair. You're talking about the '07 time, right? So if you break up our portfolio here between maybe luxury and non-luxury, the non-luxury is outperforming right now the luxury, right? So the core -- if you look at core REVPARs, you look at core cash flows, they're growing more rapidly than luxury because, obviously, they were the ones that were most devastated by the recession. We had just tremendous declines on cash flows at our core properties. Properties that were doing $80 million a year got down to $20 million, and the $150 million got down to $80 million. And it was just a devastation to our cash flows. They are doing better now, and we expect them to continue to improve. You probably saw that in the fourth quarter, their margins were up almost a couple hundred basis points and they were up almost 100 basis points for the year. And we expect them to continue to improve, but they're still 50% off of where they were back in 2007. And that means that's about a $300 million EBITDA opportunity if we were to restore the core properties' cash flows to where they were in '07. I think that is an achievable goal. If the city-wide convention market continues to improve, if the LVCVA does as it wants and expands and improves, as we expand our convention business and the consumer generally improves, that's a big opportunity for us. And that, frankly, is the best sense of how the U.S. consumer is doing, is right there. The luxury properties are also down from their peaks, and that's a combination of high-end gaming and the food and beverage side. We feel like we can improve on both of those, and we don't know if we're going to get fully back to where we were in '07 on the luxury side. It was pretty heady back then. But people are starting to spend money remarkably here. Corey Sanders showed me a check at Prime, which I couldn't believe. Corey, it was a group that spent $300,000?
Corey I. Sanders: Yes.
James Joseph Murren: $300,000 for dinner at Prime. That's a pretty good check. You would have liked the wine, Harry. And we haven't seen that in a long time. So I'm not saying that's a trend. But to get the kind of cash flow numbers the luxury properties got up and down the Strip, you're going to have to see that type of abundant spending. We don't see that. We're not predicting that, but we do predict that we'll be able to continue to grow REVPAR in our luxuries, we do predict that they'll benefit from the convention business and that they'll get back a lot of the cash flow they lost from that peak. So if I were to model out over the next few years, I think we're lifting off operationally on the core properties. We held up pretty well in the luxuries. I think we'll grow there, but I think the delta will be better in core.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So I'm guessing that dinner was not a Nomura-sponsored dinner?
James Joseph Murren: No, it was not.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So then my second question speaks to or addresses the issue of margins in Las Vegas. I would have expected a bit better performance on the margin side in the fourth quarter given your revenue growth. Can you talk to why they might have been held back and your expectations for margin expansion this year?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure, Harry, this is Dan. I think when you look at the fourth quarter, clearly, we had a pretty tough comp in the prior year's fourth quarter, given some accruals and some different things that benefited the fourth quarter in '13. So on a year-over-year basis, that kind of held us back. I think when you kind of look at our overall margin improvement, we are improving margins. We're going to continue to be focused on improving margins. And I think as you kind of look at the opportunities as we go forward in terms of cost structure and driving top line, we're in a good position as we look into 2015 and beyond. And really, when you look at the last couple of years and how we've been able to improve margin in '13 and '14, we've been able to really kind of drive roughly about a 50% flow-through overall in the business. And as we said before, it's really a longer-term view than either a monthly or a quarter-by-quarter view. And we're pretty proud of that accomplishment over the past couple of years. We're going to keep our head down and stay focused on driving margin improvement in 2015 and beyond.
James Joseph Murren: I was just saying, correct me if I'm wrong, Dan, but if you look at the average of the flow-through in the fourth quarter of this past year and the one in the year before, it's about 50%, 48%, 50%. And the flow-through over the last couple of years, if you looked at the average of last 2 years, it's been about 50%.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: About 50%.
James Joseph Murren: So it's -- there'll be ups and downs, but 50% is still a pretty good benchmark. It just -- and if you look at the core properties, obviously, they did better.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So using a mid -- in Vegas, using a mid- to high single digit EBITDA growth, assuming roughly 5%, 6% top line growth is not unreasonable then?
James Joseph Murren: No.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: No.
Operator: Our next question is from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Jim, in your -- I don't remember if it's Jim or Dan, sorry. But in your prepared -- I think it was you, Dan. In your prepared remarks, you talked about some of the convention stack for 2015, and I -- you talked a lot about booking. I was just hoping you could tell us a bit about rate. This actually might even be for Corey.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, when you look at the bookings, obviously, I did mention that, that we got about 90% of our 2015 goal contracted on the books, and that's pacing at roughly about a mid-single digit increase year-over-year. And I think as we kind of fill in some of the shoulder periods and weaker periods on the convention side within the year -- for the year, our goal is to continue to kind of drive that rate.
James Joseph Murren: You might also mention, Dan, the mix of convention business, right? So we have a lot of it already booked. But increasingly, corporates are becoming a higher percentage of our bookings. It was under 50% a couple of years ago. It was like 50%, Sarah, last year?
Sarah Rogers: Yes.
James Joseph Murren: And now 60% of our future bookings are corporates. And clearly, that's a positive sign for the market and for us from a revenue perspective for that group business.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just when you talked about the convention booking mix being the highest at over 17% for 2014, if you remove CON/AGG, what would that have looked like?
James Joseph Murren: You want to do that? I think you have that, don't you?
Sarah Rogers: Well, I have REVPAR -- sorry, maybe you can hear me better now. So I mean in terms of the percentage of room nights, we don't have that handy. But I can tell you that we're able to achieve a similar convention mix this year, and that's lapping the strong first quarter because of CON/AGG.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: It still would've been a record year-over-year when you look at it overall from a historical standpoint. Remember, our prior peak period was in the low 16% mix. So we still would've been above that level, excluding CON/AGG in '14.
James Joseph Murren: And did we give the first quarter mix, Dan?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: We have not.
James Joseph Murren: Do you want that?
Sarah Rogers: It's about 23% convention mix in the first quarter.
James Joseph Murren: And what was the last year?
Sarah Rogers: That's similar on a year-over-year basis.
James Joseph Murren: So that's kind of good depth. So our convention mix in the first quarter this year will be about 23%. That's what it was last year, with CON/AGG, so you could get a sense that things are -- we've been able to work around CON/AGG not being here.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, very helpful. And then, Jim, you talked about this a little bit before, but your core properties did better than expected in the quarter. The luxury properties lagged, you talked about that. You also talked about some things that you're doing in the convention and meeting area -- arena that should improve that. It looks like you're kind of working your way towards that improvement just given the stack, but anything else you want to add there?
James Joseph Murren: Well, on the core properties, I think that we're taking the view that these properties that we own on the core side can all do better than they are right now. And the first start was with New York-New York and Monte Carlo because they're center Strip, and we felt that there was a lot we could do to have an immediate impact. And we are seeing that impact. You look at the traffic counts going into Monte Carlo today versus where they were before we started this, it's significant. We're up 20%, 30% in terms of traffic counts of people walking into Monte Carlo this January versus last January as a result of what we did there. We're seeing high slot handles at Monte Carlo. We see really good room revenue at Monte Carlo in January. So that has to be largely due to what we had done in front of that building. In the same kind of story, you could see it in New York-New York. Shake Shack isn't the only success there. We've seen big volume increases at Nine Fine Irishmen and our other venues as well. So our strategy will be to take a look at these properties and find ways where we could deploy some capital with an outsized return, with the idea that more people go to those kind of properties than any other kind in Las Vegas. The mid-market properties are the bread and butter of Las Vegas. It's not the part that a lot of people talk about a lot about because it's not Baccarat, it's not the big shows, but it's where you can make the most money over time. So we're looking at Excalibur and further improvements to Monte Carlo, in Luxor, but not in dramatic, major capital type of projects, but in ways that we can improve those core properties. And I think that the non-gaming side is going to help us a lot. This arena is going to help that part of the Strip an awful lot. It will be programmed over 120 nights a year, and that's going to draw a lot of traffic up and down that part of the boardwalk area. In terms of other capital projects we're looking at, they're not big ones. They're room remodels that make sense. I guess we're doing Monte Carlo -- I mean, Mandalay Bay now, right, Sarah? We're really encouraged that when we do these room remodels more intelligently, meaning we don't spend quite as much and we get more impact for that, we do get a revenue impact and an EBITDA impact right away. So the strategy is to put capital into these properties to make them more relevant, to capture more than our fair share of market. And if you've done some of the analysis, you know that we have an outsized share of market in slots and in any metric relative to their competitive set. We think we can increase the gap there and be able to integrate those core properties better within our luxury properties through our loyalty programs.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Jones of Union Gaming.
Christopher E. Jones - Union Gaming Group, LLC: Just staying on topic on the core properties. Could you talk a little bit more about what else is driving it, in terms of your M life program or even perhaps if you're seeing just better economic lift from that region as well? Certainly, it's good to see that, and we've seen some pretty strong stock performance there as well. And then also, just out of Macau, if you could talk a little bit about your CapEx spend over there, where you're looking to, I guess, redo the main floor, some timing on that as to what the impact might be to the main floor from the refresh?
Corey I. Sanders: Chris, it's Corey. With regards to the core properties and lift, I think there's a few factors that are definitely driving it. Lower gas prices helped. The fact that we have such a solid convention base, which fills our luxury properties, and the fact that there's a 3% lift in air seats also helps those properties. And then we do see a lot of benefit with the regional properties filling casino room nights in the core properties. So I think all those things are beginning to help those properties drive rate.
Operator: Our next question is from Shaun...
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Hang on. Grant, did you want to take the Macau question?
Grant R. Bowie: Sure. So Chris, we're working through the process. We're looking at hopefully getting the work commenced in probably the third quarter. And as you correctly note, what we're doing is making sure that we protect ourselves in terms of any revenue loss. So what we wanted to do first is put in all the incremental gaming that doesn't actually take away from anything we've got. So that's really the focus is to maximize that and then minimize any significant impact. At this point in time, we're actually pretty confident that we should be able to keep all the productive capacity that we currently have available. And then once we have obviously completed it, we'll be adding more capacity into the floor.
Operator: Our next question is from Shaun Kelley of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just wanted to ask a little bit about 2 subjects. The first is just, in general, your cash tax position heading into 2015 from 2014. And then secondarily, we're starting to see a lot more creative financing structures as it relates to regional gaming assets. And I'm curious, would you guys -- I think you've spoken before that those types of transactions may not make sense for the overall business. But I'm curious if you would consider that either for any of your regional gaming properties or maybe some sort of creative financing solutions to help de-risk the properties in Massachusetts and Maryland, given the size of those investments.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Shaun, this is Dan. As far as cash taxes, we will pay some taxes. It's pretty minimal this year in terms of our overall cash taxes. It's probably less than $50 million in the year as far as our cash taxes this year.
James Joseph Murren: And I think your next part were some of the other kind of corporate strategies, for example, like REITs that Penn pursued last year and Pinnacle looks like it's pursuing right now. We are -- we look at everything. I think that those who have followed us a lot know that we're an active corporate finance organization here. We've bought properties, we've sold properties, we've done just about everything that we can -- that's been done out there. The concept of converting gaming assets to REITs is not a new one. It was very actively discussed before the recession. In fact, a couple of companies pursued that and then canceled those plans. And more recently, the dialogue is there again. We look at this all the time. We're pitched by every bank that is out there in terms of whether or not we should do that. And there's some merit to it. We believe that our assets are undervalued around the portfolio of our assets. And so we should -- we believe that as we're working for the shareholders, we should explore every opportunity as they come across our desk. And so I'd have to say, there's nothing definitive. There's nothing to report, but we do look at these type of corporate transactions. We do know there's great value in cross-marketing in the gaming industry. And one would know -- you just have to look at the fourth quarter, or if we could show you the January numbers in Detroit, which is great, we're doing great in Detroit in January and down in Mississippi. And the amount of business we get between our regional properties and our core properties here in Las Vegas is growing rapidly. So we do know that there's value in a portfolio of properties. Whether we have to own them all is the question that you're asking. We don't have the answers to that at this point in time. But I have to tell you that we're shareholder-oriented. We look at this stuff all the time. We are going to continue to look at it. I see some challenges around it from a tax perspective, but that doesn't mean that can't be overcome. And so we're going to continue to explore them.
Operator: Our next question is from Carlo Santarelli of Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: When we look at the last couple of quarters, obviously, you guys have pretty much consistently been in a 2-year stack REVPAR range of about 8%. And when we look at the 1Q guidance on top of a plus 14% last year, it shows obviously a meaningful uptick, as you guys have obviously filled in the convention hall pretty nicely. When we think about the rest of the year, do you kind of look at the 1Q as being maybe the trough year-over-year REVPAR growth quarter, just given the difficult comparison?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Carlo, it's Dan. I think you're spot-on as we look at 2015. Clearly, March will be a tough comp, given the impact CON/AGG had from a year-over-year standpoint. And as we've mentioned previously, it's our goal, and we think we can do it, to grow each quarter on a year-over-year basis. And first quarter, given that tougher comp, will probably be the trough quarter out of all 4.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then just really quickly for Grant. Grant, if you could just comment a little bit on maybe how the reclassifications in Macau have gone thus far and what your plans are on a go-forward basis?
Grant R. Bowie: So in terms of, obviously, just maximizing opportunities, we will just keep moving product into the mass market to the extent that we see that as being incremental and as long as we can create more floor space to actually achieve that. At this point in time, as I think everyone is seeing, the jacket market is soft, and we don't see any significant opportunities for that to change. So I think the focus is clearly moving that into the mass environment.
Operator: Our next question is from Joel Simkins of Crédit Suisse.
Joel H. Simkins - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I have 2 quick questions. Jim, you sort of referenced this potential Pacquiao-Mayweather fight sometime in the second quarter. I guess, what are your expectations around that? What does that at least mean in the short term? And then secondly, I'd say, a longer-term question. There's been some fits and starts around the couple of proposed developments around the Strip. Are your expectations that we would not see any meaningful supply growth on the Strip until at least the end of the decade?
James Joseph Murren: Okay, Bill's like, you're going to get in trouble, Jim. Listen, I'm just responding to newspaper rumors. I'm just -- look, we're holding the date. We're holding the date on May 2 for a fight, and we hope it's a big, big fight. And if it's the fight that we hope it is, it'll be the biggest fight. And if it's that fight, then our REVPAR in May at the MGM Grand is going to go through the roof. So -- but we have a pretty good calendar this year of events, both concerts and fights. We know Mayweather is going to fight at some point in time, right, Bill?
William Joseph Hornbuckle: That's right.
James Joseph Murren: And he will -- so he will fight. And so we're working as hard as anyone that cares about boxing on that very event. And I could just say that we're working very hard, and we're all hopeful. I have to say that also, the events this year are going to -- they're going to be really fun for Las Vegas in general. And what we're up to on our festival lot across from Luxor, what we're up to at Rock in Rio, what Caesars' is doing behind on the LINQ, there are some new events this year that are going to drive incremental traffic from some people that don't typically come to Las Vegas, which I think, over time, is really good. I'm struggling with what's going to happen out here from a capacity perspective, frankly. We have heard for many quarters that Genting was going to break ground, and they have not. And I remember saying last quarter, we hope they do. And we do hope that because we do believe they'll drive some incremental business. Steve Wynn very famously said many years ago the worst neighbor is a vacant lot, and we ascribe to that theory. So we hope that they build. There's no evidence that we see out here being active in the market in terms of engaging consultants, architects, urban planners that, that is going to happen anytime soon. But we hope that, that does. And of course, James Packer and Andrew Pascal are working on a project. I haven't gotten an update from them on that. My guess is here we are in '15 already, that nothing opens until beyond 2018. And it could even be later than that. And it's not necessarily a certainty that a new property opens at all. And so I can tell you, we're not going to build a new property, and I doubt Caesars is going to building a new property. And I don't think Boyd is going to go onto the Strip, and I don't think Steve Wynn or Sheldon Adelson will build properties. So I think the capacity is fairly well defined over the next 5 to 10 years. I really think that. And meanwhile, I think the LVCVA numbers of driving to 45 million tourists is a reasonable expectation. And I don't think we can fully understand or appreciate what the expansion to the Las Vegas Convention Center will do for visitation. I think that would be an interesting analysis to do. When they expanded the convention center in the past, in years past, we saw a quantum change in convention attendance. The -- Rossi Ralenkotter, who runs the convention center, has a list of conventions that he could get if he had that expansion, and it's a big list that would generate hundreds of millions of dollars of incremental revenue to the city. So I'm just looking at the landscape broadly with a fairly limited amount of supply, if any at all, with some ambient growth in the consumer confidence and activity driving traffic here, the unexpected benefit of much lower gas prices, which you really see if they stay anywhere near this level during the summer, you're going to see traffic to Las Vegas we haven't seen in 10 years. The fact that the airlines are healthy -- Southwest is in our local paper today talking about growing more flights into Las Vegas. You know Southwest is the largest carrier into Las Vegas and our largest partner. And the fact that these kind of non-gaming events, festivals, music festivals, concerts, drive a lot of traffic here and they spend money. That's why we're feeling very good about this year and next year. You've been reading a little bit about potentially a hockey team coming to Las Vegas. Can you imagine what would happen to Las Vegas if a professional sports team was here? And so far so good. The potential owner is trying to get to 10,000 season tickets. In about a couple of days, he got 5,000 seats, and he's a couple of thousand seats over that right now. So he is well on his way of demonstrating to the NHL that there's a strong fan support here in Las Vegas. We're going to be, I'm sure, we're going to be a regional site for March Madness once we get the arena up and running. We do the Pac-12 basketball tournament already at the MGM, and it's a big hit. So if you think about over the next few years, sports is going to be a big component to the growth of the city, and we, of course, are going to be the leading player in that. And these concerts and festivals are going to be another major growth. We are the major player there. And the convention business is going to be a major part of the growth, and Las Vegas Sands and MGM are the biggest there. And so that's why we're feeling good about the future over the next few years.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Wieczynski of Stifel.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Jim, so one of the properties you haven't talked about is The Mirage. Again, it's not a huge property for you guys, but it seems like that property is always kind of popping up here with rumors it's potentially for sale. But you guys just started a pretty extensive renovation project that seems like it's going to take a while to complete. So I guess maybe how do you view that property longer term in terms of your portfolio? And then also maybe talk about the decision to remove, seems like a lot of high-end play, from that property as well.
James Joseph Murren: Yes, The Mirage got pummeled by hold in the fourth quarter. It was -- I don't think it could have done worse from a hold perspective, but we are putting money into that iconic property. One of the things we're doing in there, and you've noticed, is that it really -- what Mirage struggles from is the fact that it doesn't have enough to keep people there throughout the night. And so we're adding -- we're putting in a center bar and a lounge, and we've changed out some of the restaurants. We have a couple more ideas in that regard. It's got so many great elements to it. It's got probably arguably the best villa product in the city still for those who like the garden villas, and many of our customers, particularly the ones that value their privacy, love those villas. It's got 2 theaters, it's got a decent amount of convention space, it's got a great location and so -- and of course, a great brand name. And it is the sports hub for all of our properties. So that -- the Mirage sports book generates more volume than anyone else out here because it's -- we hub all of our sports activity through The Mirage. But yes, it has been rumored to be on the sale block for many, many years, really since 2000. My point on that would be we're not in charge of owning all these properties. These properties are owned by the shareholders, all of them are. And we look at anything that will generate value for shareholders. And we're not blindly in love with any of our properties. So I don't -- I can't say for sure that there'll be a sale on the Strip. But I will say this, is that we believe that if we continue to strategically invest in all these properties, their cash flows are going to go up. And sales are based on multiples and levels of cash flow. We sold Treasure Island to Phil Ruffin, who's a great man, and he is very happy with that purchase. We sold it for $755 million. And I think he's happy that he bought it, and it's doing better now. When he bought it, the cash flows promptly plummeted because he bought it in the middle of the recession. But through hard work of his, he's brought back those cash flows to a level that, I'm not sure what they are now, but they're probably at or even exceeding where they were when we sold it to him. So my point is that our job is to drive as much cash flow into these properties as possible. To do that, we need to invest in them. If we get offers on any of our properties, we're obligated by our shareholders to look at them, and we will. And we have to look at it from a pretax basis. We have to look at it from an after-tax basis. We have to look at it relative to its strategic value. We have to look at it relative to how it fits in with the portfolio as it relates to market niche. And so I always am a believer of culling a portfolio. We've sold properties as recently as last year, and we'll continue -- small ones, but we sold them as recently as last year. So we'll look at that. The good news is that in an improving market with interest rates very low and interest in Las Vegas assets increasing, by both private equity firms like Blackstone with Cosmopolitan and by strategics, and the fact that we own 42,000 hotel rooms here in Las Vegas, 10 resorts, we have, I'm sure, the beneficiary of everyone's thinking as it relates to real estate. And that's good news for our shareholders.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: One last question. Can you just comment real quick on M life, in general, and maybe how that program performed last year in terms of new sign-ups and also in terms of maybe the tier progressions, meaning folks going from Pearl or Sapphire up to your Gold and Platinum levels?
Sarah Rogers: It's Sarah. So our M life loyalty program, we saw market share gains in slots for the year, both at our Strip properties and at the regions. We had a record number of enrollments, that was up 9% year-over-year, and active M life members also grew up 8% year-over-year.
Operator: Our last question is from Steven Kent of Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just -- actually, it's a pretty quick question. On CityCenter, it looks like now the litigation is done, or it feels that way. Does this, in some way, pave the way for a broader recapitalization of that asset or outright sale? How should we be thinking about it now that this seems to be behind you, at least from the litigation front?
James Joseph Murren: Well, it feels like it's behind us, too, Steve, and it really feels like it's behind us. And we lived through it more painfully than you did. Yes, there are a couple of things that will emanate from that important resolution. One is, as you can see, when you're out here, we're taking down the Harmon. It's coming down, I think, a floor a week right now. It's at a nice pace, and it'll be down certainly by the end of the year and cleaned up. And we're going to put a nice façade on that because it faces Crystals. But that's 2.2 acres of prime real estate on the Las Vegas Boulevard. So the CityCenter board is now engaged in trying to find the highest and best use of that property. So that -- we'll have meetings on that this year. As recently, Chris, as next week, I think we're having 1, or is it 2 weeks?
Christopher W. Nordling: 25th.
James Joseph Murren: 25th, yes. So we're having another kind of whiteboard session on what we should do there. Secondly, yes, there's an -- there are multiple opportunities of recapitalizing CityCenter. It's under-leveraged. It has cash on the balance sheet. It's got a couple of significant assets. And so Dan and his team are looking with our partners at Dubai, looking at a variety of ways that we could return value to owners, whether that be through sale of some parts of CityCenter or through dividends or through a recapitalization, we're looking at all that. And that really is going to usher in a new era for CityCenter. I think this is Phase 3. Phase 1 was struggling to get it open, Phase 2 was struggling to make it successful and profitable and cleaning up clouds of litigation and construction. And now we're in Phase 3 of an enterprise that's making a considerable amount of money, but has the capacity to make a lot more money, given its size and its quality. And how to maximize on that growing cash flow for the owners is the phase that we're in right now. Okay. I think, Sarah, you said that was the last comment. So thank you all very much for joining us. And I have to apologize in advance that it's 55 degrees here in Las Vegas. As I'm looking at my son in Connecticut at 19 and my other son in Baltimore at 16, and I'm sure New York is no better than that and everywhere else. So...
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: But we're going to 80.
James Joseph Murren: But we're going to 80 today. So for those that haven't booked their flights for the weekend, it's better here than there. Enjoy yourselves, and we're always around for questions. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sarah Rogers - Vice President of Investor Relations James Joseph Murren - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Grant R. Bowie - President Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are: Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Grant Bowie, Chief Executive Officer of MGM China Holdings, Limited. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. Now I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Sarah Rogers.
Sarah Rogers: Good morning, and welcome to MGM Resorts International's Third Quarter Earnings Call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at mgmresorts.com. A replay of the call will be available on our website. We furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. Now I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Sarah, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, MGM grew its revenues by 1% and its adjusted EBITDA by 2%. The reason for this is that we had very robust mass market growth at MGM China and an increase in its EBITDA of 12%. That was offset by lower margins here on the Strip due to investments we've made, particularly at the Delano, which we'll talk about doing well. Lower tables hold, we made some customers very happy in the quarter, and the increases in some expenses, which we'll get into. This was a very important and productive quarter for MGM Resorts as we invested in this framework, the people strategy, to grow our business and to prepare the company to execute not only here in Las Vegas but on the new resorts that we are building. We are encouraged by the outlook of our business, and we're making many key investments and have many initiatives underway. We believe that will drive future growth and profitability, not the least of which, of course, is at MGM China where our business continues to show strong margin and operational performance despite a challenging marketplace. We are, of course, very proud of our team's ability to adapt in that dynamic market, and we continue to believe in the long-term future of Macau. Grant will speak to that in a moment. We're making excellent progress on the development of MGM Cotai. That remains on budget and is on schedule to open in the fall of 2016. We continue to move rapidly up the tower and have completed 3 stories also below grade now compared with 3 above grade. We made also a significant progress within The Mansion structure. The Mansion itself, the 27-villa Mansion, we believe, will redefine the ultrahigh-end experience for our guests there in Macau just as it did here in Las Vegas when it opened up in 2000. The Mansion design has progressed. It draws from Portuguese and Moroccan influences, and it is going to be spectacular. We're applying that same level of effort and expertise to our showroom, which we can talk about now. It's focused on adapting to and transforming the entertainment landscape in Macau. I think this will be an unprecedented opportunity to extend our industry-leading entertainment expertise, creating a versatile stage and venue capable of evolving with MGM Cotai as its destination entertainment options grow and mature. It's going to be one of the many unique entertainment experiences that MGM Cotai will offer when it opens. In Las Vegas, we continue to make important investments where we see opportunity. The remodeling of The Hotel to the Delano is truly a transformation at Mandalay Bay. That was completed at the end of September. That launch has been very successful and has garnered outstanding publicity and interest. Delano has already exceeded our expectation, driving rates up significantly versus The Hotel, bringing in luxury convention customers for the first time. And we're already seeing positive signs from our casino clientele as well at that resort. The Strip frontage in Monte Carlo and New York-New York has been an exhaustive and somewhat painful process as we have ripped up the entire front of both of those resorts. And now it's really coming together as that broader strategy on the west side of the Strip. You'll like this a lot. Later this year when Shake Shack and Tom's Urban opens up in December, and that really will conclude the disruption that we've had at Monte Carlo, at New York-New York and really become, we believe, a magnet for pedestrian traffic. We, along with our partners, AEG, secured the $200 million bank facility to fund the development and construction of our new 20,000-feet arena. This partnership from the beginning was committed to be privately funded, and we are very proud we accomplished this goal. The construction is progressing on site and our -- both of our entertainment teams have been seeking out in developing new and expanded events that will help fill this venue, as well as our other arenas. The construction has been very rapid and very exciting. If you've been out here lately, you could see that. In New Jersey, MGM was unanimously approved by the Casino Control Commission for our casino license in that state. And we welcome the opportunity to once again be an active member in the New Jersey marketplace through our 50% ownership of Borgata. Borgata, of course, is the best-in-class resort there, and we look forward to working with our partner, Boyd, on its continued success. On the regional development front, the construction of MGM National Harbor in Maryland is progressing and remains on track for a fall 2016 opening. We expect that MGM National Harbor will be one of the most successful U.S. resorts outside of Las Vegas. And in Massachusetts, there'll be a vote next week, which will determine whether MGM will have the opportunity to develop a resort and casino in Springfield. While we're not going to take anything for granted, we believe and are confident that the public will continue to support the jobs and investment that is really already underway in that state, and they will vote no on Proposition 3 (sic) [Question 3]. Collectively, these 3 properties will make a significant impact on us and create a presence for MGM Resorts on the East Coast. And we see opportunities to cross-market amongst these regional quarter properties, as well as bringing those folks back and forth to Las Vegas. And in Japan, the debate on an integrated resort remains active. MGM has been very involved and will continue to look at all markets and have a full team deployed there with offices in both Tokyo and Osaka. I believe MGM is as well positioned in Japan as any company. And with a globally recognized brand name in our business, a market share leader here in the convention and events business and the award-winning builder of sustainable projects, we believe our positioning there is very high. We have also proven our ability to grow in multiple jurisdictions around the world and to be a successful partner with key local stakeholders. And I think that also will serve us well in Japan should this move forward. And so with that, I'd like to turn it over to Dan to talk about our operating results and our financial position. Thank you.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. In the quarter, we achieved top line growth, with our Strip revenues up 3% despite a lower year-over-year hold on our table games business. On The Hotel side, our REVPAR growth of 6% exceeded our guidance of 5%. And this was our eighth consecutive quarter of REVPAR growth. We were able to grow our convention mix by 3 percentage points during the period. And looking at the fourth quarter, we expect to increase convention mix by about 2 percentage points, which will bring our full year convention mix to an all-time record of approximately 17%. Based on these current trends, we expect fourth quarter REVPAR to be approximately up 5%. In Las Vegas, our EBITDA for the quarter was negatively impacted by approximately $40 million relating to lower table games hold, largely nonrecurring employee benefit expenses and, to a lesser extent, cost and near-term revenue impacts associated with the launch of the Delano and the new Strip-facing food and beverage venues at Monte Carlo. CityCenter's third quarter EBITDA from resort operations increased 2%, $64 million, driven by improved profitability at the Vdara, Crystals and Mandarin. ARIA'S EBITDA decreased 3% due to the decrease in table games hold percentage. REVPAR at ARIA increased by 10% and the resort also reported its second best quarterly occupancy of 94%. Vdara's third quarter EBITDA increased 30% compared to the prior year, primarily driven by a record occupancy of 96% and a 12% increase in REVPAR. Crystals reported EBITDA of $11 million, up 8% compared to the prior year quarter, another successful quarter for Crystals. Moving over to the balance sheet. Our consolidated MGM Resorts cash balance at the end of the quarter was approximately $1.3 billion, of which approximately $540 million was at MGM China. We currently have approximately $1.2 billion in available liquidity under our corporate revolver, while MGM China had approximately $1.4 billion in availability at the end of the quarter. CityCenter cash at the end of the quarter was approximately $404 million, which included about $157 million of restricted cash. Total debt at CityCenter at the end of the quarter was roughly $1.5 billion. During the quarter, we spent approximately $103 million in CapEx related to our wholly owned domestic operations and an additional $46 million related to National Harbor and our Springfield efforts. MGM China spent $98 million, of which $17 million was spent at MGM Macau and $81 million was related to our MGM Cotai development. That concludes my report. I'll turn it over to Grant for his.
Grant R. Bowie: Thanks, Dan. And also, good morning and good evening. A nice quarter. MGM China net revenues was $794 million. This was a decrease of 2% year-over-year due to the decrease in our VIP games revenue. However, EBITDA increased by 14% year-over-year to $226 million before our branding fee of $12 million. Very pleasingly, EBITDA margin increased by 330 basis points year-over-year to 26.9%. Our increased profit was driven primarily by our main floor table games. MGM China's main floor table games win increased by 34% year-over-year. This is a significant over performance versus the market growth of 16%. Our continued strength in this segment is driven by the appeal of the MGM brand, our property and our quality services. Margins on our main floor business remains high as we continue to execute on our strategy. VIP win turnover decreased by 19% year-over-year. It's consistent with the market trend. Our overall hold was 2.7% compared with 2.8% last year. Slot handle increased by 5%, but our slot revenues decreased by 7% year-over-year due to low hold. We continue to improve and drive better overall yield on our table games productivity through enhanced analytics. As of the quarter-end, we have over half of tables allocated to the main floor, which drive approximately 75% of our profit. Through our yield efforts, we will continue to maximize our table profitability while allocating tables to the higher-margin main floor. MGM Cotai construction is moving along at full steam, as Jim mentioned. And the project is on budget and scheduled to open in the fall of 2016. We believe that MGM China has the greatest potential for growth in the market with our second property in Cotai. MGM Cotai will nearly quadruple our room base and triple our gross floor area, which will allow us to expand our reach into retail and entertainment. These all will create opportunities for earnings and margin improvement. And with that, I'd like to turn back to Jim for his closing remarks.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Grant. And really, well done in the quarter. Back here in Las Vegas, we are really encouraged by the trends that we're seeing. And as you know, October consumer confidence was at a 7-year high. That's very important for us here in Las Vegas. People, in general, are feeling better with not only job security, the low interest rate environment, declining gas prices, and we're seeing that reflected in visitation and convention business. From a broad market perspective, we believe Las Vegas is extremely well positioned. It's hard to believe now after being in 2009 and '10, but year-to-date, our visitation is up 4% for Las Vegas and this pace will mean that we're approaching 41 million visitors by year-end. That, of course, would be a new record for Las Vegas. McCarran's airport passengers are growing and, importantly, the international passengers are up 12% year-over-year. The convention business is strong and building, and we at MGM continue to invest where we see opportunity. We're really excited about next year as well when we welcome Rock in Rio, which will debut in May of next year and the 300,000 square feet of expansion space that we're building at the Mandalay Convention Center, which also will open up next year toward the end of the year. And of course, immediately following that, in the following years, the new arena and the others' improvements. Beyond Las Vegas, we are very excited about what we're building. MGM Cotai, obviously, as Grant said, will have a profound impact on MGM China's footprint, and MGM National Harbor will have a profound impact on our company. And both of those are set to open around the fall of '16. And with that, since we have plenty of time, I'd like to turn it over to the operator to move to the Q&A section of our call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Joseph Greff from JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A question for you Dan or Jim. Looking back at the 3Q and the Las Vegas result and the $40 million impact you highlighted related to a number of different things. Can you delve a little bit deeper into the employees' benefit expense and why is that nonrecurring? The Delano, obviously, that opened up in September. I'm presuming that expense and revenue impact has gone away. And the Monte Carlo impact, is that gone away as well? Or is that something that is less now than it was last quarter and then, ultimately, it gets better until that opens of next year? In total, I guess, what we're trying to figure out is that $40 million, how much of that is largely, really, onetime and kind of goes away? And then I have a follow-up for Grant.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure, Joe. This is Dan. So when you look at the $40 million, you exclude the impact on hold, really, we're looking at that remaining piece. It makes up about -- 70% of that remaining piece relates to some of the changes in accruals on the employee benefit side and the other 30% really relates to the impacts from Delano and Monte Carlo. And you're correct in that, obviously, Delano is behind us now and ramping up nicely, as Jim pointed out. And as is Monte Carlo, it's continued to kind of gain more and more traction as those amenities and offerings continue to kind of settle on the market and the rest of the build-out, with Shake Shack and Tom's Urban, et cetera, over the upcoming month comes on line. When you look at kind of the benefit expenses, as Jim mentioned earlier, as we prepare to kind of grow the company and look at our benefit plans, certain accruals have been adjusted as we level-set [ph] certain of our benefits. That affected us in the quarter, particularly around things like paid time off and those types of issues. And those are more nonrecurring going forward. They're not only normalized, but with breakage and other pieces will come back the other way in future quarters as we move forward. Another component and, really, isolated to kind of 2 or 3 kind of employee benefit line items, so another component is just we're self-insured from a health benefit standpoint. [indiscernible] we have unforeseen items that come up, and incidents in our employee base and that kind of -- that impacted us in the quarter as well, but that should more normalize as we move forward. So when I look at the overall expense line items and look at big-ticket items, I'm comforted in the fact that our FTEs are in line. Our actual wage line, in terms of our salaries and payroll line, is where it should be and in line. In the expense line items that affected us in the third quarter was really a few line item-specific, and we know exactly what cost of those times were.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So absent swings and table hold percentage, you would expect the flow-through for the year to be in that 50% to 60% range?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, I think as we've kind of go through and, obviously, given our business, that flow-through percent is going to move around. I think when you kind of look at the impact of the $40 million, our margins would have been up in the quarter, I think a little over 23%, about 23.1% in terms of margins. And adjusting for these items, we're going to have a pretty good flow-through. But I think the flow-through story really needs to be looked at from a long-term perspective as opposed to a quarter-by-quarter perspective. And obviously, our goal is to continue to focus on margin and margin improvement from that standpoint.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And then Grant, the EBITDA, the margin performance in the quarter, a bit better than we all expected. The margin performance, I guess, is the highest at the property, at least more recently. Other than the mix changing between mass and VIP, and you don't really have the benefit like others of strong higher-margin retail revenues, what's driving that, that margin component? How much of it is outside of mix? And then if you can share with us what you're seeing broadly in October, and if you want to talk about it on a relative basis. But if you could share anything on October trends in Macau, that would be helpful for all of us.
Grant R. Bowie: Okay. So thanks. So mix is important, that's true, and we're starting to get to that point, that critical next point, tipping point where the revenue mix is starting to move pretty rapidly towards the mass, which is good. So that's been significant. The critical point was that several months ago, even back into the almost 6 months ago, we started to see some indicators, and so we started to make sure we were putting a lot of effort into managing costs and just controlling those expenditures and making sure that we knew where it was going. And frankly, probably we have done an even more positive job in terms of managing those costs because it's actually lifted the margin as well. So I think it just continues to be the same simple process we've been going through, and that's really a fine sense of focus on execution, really working the analytics, getting the front -- getting a really good indicator where we think the market is going to move and try to anticipate that and really keep it all together. And I think that's really important. To the second part of your question in terms of October, I think it's important for us to now step back. We, for many years, all looked at Chinese New Year and we looked at -- so National Day holiday being the big spikes in our business. And I think if we look back to the first quarter, we all started to see that, in fact, the Chinese New Year bubble had dissipated some. And actually if we went back to National Day last year, we saw a similar effect where the growth wasn't as pronounced month-on-month. And I think that's consistent with actually the trend in China now where the government is now trying to flatten out these spikes. So I think we need to look at it in a trending position, and we need to look at the traditional holiday periods not in the same light as we did before. And that's actually positive because I think we're going to see the business going right through. No question that the numbers you've seen come out from the government, the market is up a little bit. Hold is obviously affecting number of us, it's obviously being a little patchy in that regard. But in terms of the mass business, given all of the other challenges we're seeing, it's still pretty stable, pretty consistent. And we continue to be positive in moving forward.
Operator: And the next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Dan, I just wanted to follow up a little bit on some of your group commentary in convention business. As we think about your performance on the Strip with respect to group in convention relative to broader lodging and start thinking about next year, do you guys feel you could be a share taker? And maybe within that context, obviously, the 1Q comparison is extremely difficult with the rotating show. Could you comment a little bit about how you foresee the 1Q playing out?
Sarah Rogers: Carlo, it's Sarah. I'll answer a little bit and then Dan can add some color. So this year, we're looking at pacing to about 17% convention mix, which is a record for our company. Our pace continues to be up next year. And despite outperforming our target by at least a full percentage point this year, we should meet, if not do better, than the 17% mix next year with kind of a low- to mid-single-digit rate increase in convention. Obviously, we had a fantastic first quarter of this year with 14% REVPAR, and we have a big convention that rotates out in the first quarter. But that being said, I'll reiterate our comments from the last call, which is it's our goal to increase REVPAR at least every quarter of next year.
Corey I. Sanders: And I would add, Sarah, we feel -- we always plan on stealing market share. We're very strong in this segment, that's why we're adding the 300,000 square feet at Mandalay Bay. We're pretty much maxed out in peak periods. We're fully utilizing the space. So the way we're going to get the market share is the addition of our Mandalay Bay's plays, but also utilizing the space that we currently have in much better ways and aggressively buying back from customer space that we see is an opportunity for us to increase the convention market.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great, that's very helpful. And then Grant, if I could, just further up on Joe's question earlier. If we thought about your segments between mass and VIP and, obviously, acknowledging that a lot of the move is going to be from that advantaged margin mass business. Could you kind of comment a little bit on maybe the margin integrity within the segments? Are you seeing any one being overly promotional? Or asked differently, are your mass and VIP margins relatively steady?
Sarah Rogers: I think maybe Jim can answer that.
Grant R. Bowie: Jim, you want to take it out?
James Joseph Murren: Well, maybe I'll grab that and, Grant, maybe you can join in, too. We're really quite impressed with how Grant and the team have been doing on the mass side. And I know there's been a lot of chatter around mass and who has the competitive advantage around this. I spent enough time at Wall Street to know that the important thing is just to look at the numbers, that would be helpful. And if you do look at the numbers, you'd see that our mass GGR grew 34% in the quarter versus the market that grew but 16%, and Cotai was only up 19%. So MGM China up 34% versus Cotai. The peninsula is where the premium mass has been outperforming. We continue to expect that to happen. We wish we had more hotel rooms at MGM. We're proud of the fact that we have the highest EBITDA per room in the industry. And we know that our rooms drive revenues, which is exactly why we're excited about MGM Cotai. We're also excited about phase 2 to actually build more hotel rooms in Cotai. We think that with the market growing as it is in the mid-teens, there is room to grow without discounting. And I know that some of the operators have tried to compete with discounting, but that's not a winning strategy and it doesn't really motivate the customers, which are motivated by the quality of the amenities and the service. And in that case, we performed very, very well because of Grant and the team. And so we don't see any need for discounting. And the fact that we're dramatically outperforming the market without doing that speaks to why that's important.
Operator: And the next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: First, I just want to take it back to flow-through. It sounded like with some of your prepared remarks, previously you've said that flow-through for the company, your kind of objective is to have 50% to 60% flow-through. And from your prepared remarks, it seems like while this quarter had a bunch of puts and takes, you haven't really veered from that strategy. So I just was wondering if you could just touch on that and perhaps reiterate your goals there.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, sure, Felicia. This is Dan. That still and continues to be our goal. And we're looking at that, not from a quarter-by-quarter basis but overall longer-term period, and we continue to kind remain focused on that perspective. I think when you look at even the third quarter and adjusting for the items we discussed earlier, we'd be roughly at about 40% in the quarter and north of 40% for the year. And so I feel that with the investments we're making, with some of the positioning of the properties in the portfolio, I feel like we're right where we kind of need to be from that standpoint. There's still more work to do, but we continue to remain focused on maximizing the profitability of these buildings.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. And just a few kind of property-specific questions. On the Bellagio, the REVPAR growth was lower than we expected, especially given how some of your peers performed in the market. I was just wondering if you could give us some thoughts on the REVPAR performance there and how we should think about that going forward.
James Joseph Murren: Well, I'll start that one, then I'll turn it over to Corey. But you're right, I think there is room to push rate here at Bellagio. Bellagio did well, but the convention rates, in particular, were lower than what they could have been. And one need only but to be here as Bill Hornbuckle and I walked from here to Vdara and saw how crowded our conference and convention facilities were. I couldn't even get through the hallway, the place is teeming with people. We're having a monster month in terms of attendance here at Bellagio in terms of conventions. And they're benefiting from fair values than they should. So yes, these are rates that were established a couple of years ago in some cases, or last year. There's opportunity, which we will take advantage of, of driving rate here at Bellagio both on the convention side and the FIT side. And we firmly expect to be able to be much higher in terms of rates in the future. You want to add anything?
Corey I. Sanders: I agree, Jim. We've been focused on this the last few quarters in particular. We haven't started pushing rates. We do have a lot of old business on the book that will clear its way out, which will help that graded achievement thing.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: How long do you think it will take to clear up that old business?
Corey I. Sanders: Probably 6 months. I mean, it's already starting to clear itself out. We just hired a brand new Vice President of sales here at Bellagio who is extremely focused on this and driving the rate in that segment.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then on -- at MGM Grand, so we all know you had $18 million low hold, in the effect on low hold in the quarter. I'm assuming that was all at -- was most of that at Mirage?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Felicia, this is Dan. It was a combination. So when you look at the individual properties, Mirage from a year-over-year and a normalized level was the largest decline. They were actually well below normal and well below prior year. The MGM Grand on a year-over-year basis held well last year, held more normal this year, so they were down from that perspective as well. Those are probably the -- from a hold standpoint, the 2 biggest change, slightly offset by Bellagio being a little bit better year-over-year. They held towards the low end of their range, and they were more normalized this year.
Corey I. Sanders: [indiscernible] MGM was about almost 9%.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then just finally, on Grand, you guys historically have a lot hold -- high hold, low hold, just different events there that affect your results every quarter. So when you look historically backwards and you look at your EBITDA margins for that property, they're pretty volatile. Is there any reason to think on a normalized basis that, that property wouldn't have the same kind of flow-through as your corporate goals are stated?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: No, I wouldn't think they would be that much different.
Sarah Rogers: So long it's measured on a long-term perspective.
Operator: And the next question comes from Shaun Kelley with BofA Merrill Lynch.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This question is probably for Jim or for Corey, but I was just wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on what you're seeing at both the high end and then the core or mid-tier portfolio in Vegas. I mean, I think you guys see a broader cross-section of the market than just about anyone else. And wondering if you've seen kind of any pickup pretty early on the core side of -- for the consumer at this stage.
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. Shaun, it's Corey. REVPAR was pretty consistent across luxury and core, they were both up pretty consistently. And we're seeing spend -- the revenue spend. And we look at revenue profit kind of a little bit more [ph], we're seeing that up also, about 3% to 5% at luxury and core across. So I think the consumer is getting better and healthier here and the core is picking up definitely from -- my guess, is the consumer confidence and lower gas prices are helping those properties.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. Maybe just to be clear on that. The REVCOR, the revenue per occupied room, was up in -- if you take the casino out, right, Corey?
Corey I. Sanders: That's right.
James Joseph Murren: It was up 6% in the third quarter. That's a strong quarter on revenue per occupied room. And I think that signals, again, the strength of the consumer. And we're seeing that both at the core properties, as well as at the luxury properties. So if you -- we can't do this because we are in the casino business, but if you look at the non-casino portion, that revenue per occupied room was up nicely in the quarter. And that's encouraging.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I don't want to put words in your mouth, but it does sound like the gap between those 2, which has been pretty wide over the last 12 to 18 months, is that narrowing? Or -- I mean it sounds like it is, but like you said, just kind of wondering what's your comment.
Corey I. Sanders: We've had a good few quarters actually in core, and a lot of that is dependent on as long as the convention business in town is strong. But the confidence in the core properties even when the convention business is not here, we're seeing some pricing ability, which we haven't seen in the past.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. And I would add, Corey, that we believe in 2015, the convention business will be stronger in the city than this year, and that is the critical element to the success of the core properties. Yes, we're going to build share in the convention business as we have this year, we'll build share, we believe, in '15, yet the luxury properties can do well even if the convention business isn't growing rapidly. But the core properties are dependent upon citywides. And even with that big convention that won't be here next year, we believe that the convention business will be higher, which will benefit the core properties. And we think and believe, by expanding the Mandalay Convention Center, that will help at least 2 of our core properties that are right next door and perhaps others because many of these new conventions are booking segmented rates, so that will be in the Mandalay Convention Center, but get room rates from us from a variety of our properties, including core properties, to give their delegates options on pricing. So we believe that the core properties next year will benefit from a better citywide, the investments that we're making like in Monte Carlo, in New York-New York, the expansion to the Convention Center, the fact that Delano has become a big social media, a phenomenon right now and is very popular, will help those properties. And narrow, I think you're right, the gap between the success of our luxury portfolio and our core portfolio.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's very helpful. My last question just to be -- just a follow-up on the Delano. When this -- there isn't more non-gaming element to it, when this debuts, and now you've kind of pass some of the preopening, the question is, is there much of a margin impact pause or negative as that ramps? Or can it ramp with decent enough margins that you're not going to see, let's call it, negative mix from a low-margin property ramping?
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. Shaun, I think, with a thousand rooms, the impact will be positive on the margins. So how significant, it will be neither to little. But we're seeing a pretty significant rate increase in there of about almost $40 from what we're experiencing before. I think what else we're seeing is, we're seeing the convention segment actually being attracted to that product in the past, but it's been more of a flow-over. Now they're actually asking for that business. And the third component of that, the casino customer never stay in the Delano or The Hotel. And we're seeing some demand for that. So you take off hotel, that was probably rated about at Mandalay Bay and you get that extra dollar amount, you push some more convention business in there, it can only help margins.
Operator: And the next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: On Vegas, on the renovation disruption, should some of it -- is some of it going to leak into 4Q? And then is there anything planned for 2015 just as we think about kind of the comp there?
Sarah Rogers: Tom, this is Sarah. So in the fourth quarter, ultimately, margin flow-through, they tend to be skewed towards the back half of the quarter as it's such a highly focused gaming quarter on western New Years. So we'll kind of have to wait and see from a hold perspective. As Jim mentioned, we're having a great convention quarter. I think that the mix is up about 3 percentage points in the fourth quarter, so that's fantastic. I also would remind you that we did have a strong margin fourth quarter in last year. And we highlighted those benefits on fourth quarter call last year with certain accruals, PTO reversal and some in-line adjustments as well. So just to be aware of that comparison.
Corey I. Sanders: And then on the fronts, the Shake Shack wall and Tom's Urban wall comes down in mid-December. So I think you'll see the free flowing of people. So you'll just have a little impact the first few months, and then it frees up near the end of the year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: The more and more connectivity we get between New York-New York, the park, which shall have a, I call it, kind of a phase 1 in early '15 connecting to Monte Carlo, the more and more connectivity between those buildings and attractions we create on that west side of the Strip should, over time, continue to drive more foot traffic to the west side and, ultimately, into those buildings.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then -- I mean as you build out the convention traits [ph] at the Mandalay and you build the arena, I mean will those impact numbers at all?
James Joseph Murren: Well, there's really no disruption to expanding the Convention Center. It's a surface parking lot that people don't walk by or through. So there's no disruption there. And there's very minimal disruption on the arena. The biggest disruption there was traffic going into Monte Carlo, the vehicular traffic has been challenged because we're building the park and then the arena. We've got a lot of construction traffic around that. So that has an impact not on pedestrians, but it's more challenging from a vehicular perspective. So the answer is no on the convention expansion, yes, to some degree, on the arena. Although it's accessed primarily from the back of the arena. And those are the 2 big elements for '15.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: You're helpful. And then just quickly, Grant, on the smoking ban, I don't think I heard you mention anything about that. Can you just give us some color on how it's impacting or not impacting?
Grant R. Bowie: Well, it's been implemented and, obviously, it was a little bit confusing when it was implemented, but we went through it. And we're still refining it, and we continue to refine it. It has had some impact on some player behaviors, but it's way too early to say what it's going to mean going forward. But it's a day-to-day exercise when you keep trying to address the issues. We are discussing with the government to further clarify and understand exactly how we should appropriately implement in accordance with their guidelines.
Operator: And the next question comes from Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: A quick question on Vegas. No one has touched on food and beverage. When you think about how much money you made in food and beverage back in 2007 and then what you're making now, how big a gap is that, an EBITDA gap is that? And do you see a closing? Or how quickly is it closing?
James Joseph Murren: I'm sorry, can you repeat that?
Sarah Rogers: I'll handle it a bit, Harry. So food and beverage revenues were up 9% in the quarter and a lot of that was driven by catering business due to strong convention calendar. So we should continue to see that grow, especially as corporate customers as a percentage of our convention customers grow, and they now represent over 60% of our future booking.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Right. But how much of an EBITDA impact might it have as it rebuilds over the next year or 2 is my question.
Sarah Rogers: I think we have to go back and look at what the spread opportunity could be and the margin opportunity. We can come back to you offline with the number.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. Fair enough. And then, Grant, as it pertains to VIP, it's kind of a dangerous question. Is your sense that there's any stability in this, in your customer base yet?
Grant R. Bowie: Well, it's transitioning. I don't think it's an issue of customer bias, I just think we're going through a realignment more than anything else. And that's been going on for some time and it's being well discussed and well reported. The operators are still seeing customer flows. Yes, it's down on previous experience, but they're starting to reconsolidate in there. The feedback we're getting at this time, it can be a little more positive as they readjust to the new conditions.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And as it pertains to promotional environment in the premium mass segment, a lot has been made about how there's risk to your margins. How much risk do you think that there is to your margins in the premium mass business over the next year?
Grant R. Bowie: Well, I guess, Harry, the obvious proposition is we knew the market is starting to be challenged, and so the actions we took several months ago, you're starting to see the effects today. And that is about making sure we offer the services and, more importantly, we direct the sorts of returns to the customers that they're looking for. A lot of wasted money goes into marketing programs on activities and costs, but actually the customers don't value. And that's really where we spend time. So that's how you manage pricing as much as anything else. And I think we're really focused on that. We are going to stick to our knitting. We know what we're good at, we know what we're capable of doing. I think some on the market may feel the need to take a pricing initiative, but I guess, I've been in the business too long, I know that's not a good course. It's a very short-term response, and it really doesn't help anybody. So we want to stay out of that, we just got to focus on making sure that we deliver value to the customers, and they want to keep using our facility.
Operator: And the next question comes from Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe just one of the -- a longer-dated question. Is some of the capacity that disappeared and now seems to be coming on over the next few years for Vegas? Can you just give us a sense for that, what you're seeing there? I mean, Genting, it looks like they're moving along. Do you think that as the economy improves, you'll see some of the other projects jump start at over the next couple of quarters?
James Joseph Murren: Well, Steve, it's Jim. I'll try to tackle that, although it's not clear. But we are excited about Genting, in particular, because we believe given the sorts of the capital, location of the company, it will drive incremental and new customers to Las Vegas. And we're rooting them on. We like it to be open sooner rather than later because we don't believe it will just necessarily cannibalize existing capacity. We do believe it will drive new customers, and we think we'd be a beneficiary of that. So we're sure leading that one. The other one that we're aware of that is tangible is James Packer and our partner and friend, Andy Pascal. That's going to be a much smaller, more boutique-like property, probably Las Vegas standard boutique and focused, we believe, on the higher end, and higher-end non-gaming, which I think is a good strategy, and we're encouraged for that. But for those 2, we really don't see anything. The Fontainebleau remains a haven for wild animals. It doesn't seem like there's any activity going on there whatsoever. We don't hear of any other properties that are on the horizon. So if you were to add those 2 to the mix and include only those 2, that's a pretty small amount of capacity adding to the market and it's many years away. So we think that as the Las Vegas visitation continues to grow even in a low single-digit rate and that the citywide convention business steadily recovers to its postrecession level, which we believe will occur in the next couple of years, the existing properties, all of which will do well, ours and our competitors. And our hope is in that rising market, we just continue to take more and more share through the investments that we're making to try to make these properties more adaptable to the current consumer which, as you know, is more spontaneous, more experimental and more fickle. And so by creating these outdoor spaces like Caesars has with The LINQ, and we're doing at our properties, we think that is going to drive incremental visitation to our properties within that rising market.
Operator: And our last question comes from Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I have 2 questions. The first one on Cotai. In your release, you slipped in the word "fall" into talking about the opening day. I think, last quarter, you talked about just being 2016, which kind of suggest maybe better visibility. But also in the last couple of days, your partner was quoted saying that there may be delays. And so I wonder if you could tell us about how you feel about the visibility of -- in the opening date there. And then I have a Vegas question as well.
Sarah Rogers: Grant, you want to take that one?
Grant R. Bowie: Sure. Thanks, Robin. As you well know and you heard, that we're pouring an awful lot of concrete and a lot of steel. And you are correct, we are just refining the plans, we're very comfortable working with the contractor that we now got a lot more accuracy and a lot more sense. Still some challenges as to licensing, but even that process we are starting to get more comfort in understanding how that process is going to work. So that's really what it is. We're just trying to provide a little more guidance.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And to the comment about -- recently about like potential delays, would you say that you feel better now than you did a few days ago in terms of that? Or I'm just trying to understand how...
Grant R. Bowie: I think the fact of the matter is that program is pretty accurate. We're not seeing any delays. Our contractor is pretty comfortable and confident in terms of labor. In fact, they got lots of more bodies coming onto the site as the work gears up. Materials sourcing is right on track, and we are working through that process now. So we're pretty confident. I think the comment was a general observation for the market, but we're pretty comfortable -- we're pretty well honed in on what we need to do to get the job done.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And then my Vegas question is, when you look at the quarter, REVPAR up nicely, but the gaming revenues even as kind of looking at slots as maybe a measure of broad markets since I knew there were pieces moving on the hold on the table games business. But does it seem like -- when you look at the trends overall for the year that, are convention visitors maybe kind of crowding out? Is there a tradeoff here where if you want the 5% higher REVPAR, you give up the gaming revenue growth maybe? And that may be the best decision. I'm just wondering if that's what you feel is happening when you look at the tradeoffs in REVPAR versus gaming revenues.
Corey I. Sanders: Robin, it's Corey. With regards to convention customers, depending on the convention, some play, some don't play. The REVPAR -- our slots were up on the Strip in a very tough market and even to the increase in convention mix. And it's been that way all year long, actually. There used to be on an all-period that it was a one-for-one tradeoff, but I don't believe that's necessarily the case anymore.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And I don't even mean for MGM. I guess I just mean market in general. I mean the market spot and revenue growth on the gaming side, hasn't been as good -- has been fairly flat versus the REVPAR increase. And so it's not even sort of as something different for MGM, but just kind of a market dynamic.
Corey I. Sanders: I think given the dynamics in the United States on gaming revenue due to how positive growth in slots is really a positive sign for the city. And I think it shows the power of our M life program that we're able to have games and slot revenue with increases in the convention market.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes our question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to management for any closing comments.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, all, for joining us. And thank you, Grant, for being on the call as well. And as always, if you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to any of us for follow-up. We look forward to seeing and talking to you soon. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a nice day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sarah Rogers - Vice President of Investor Relations James Joseph Murren - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Grant R. Bowie - President Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Grant Govertsen - Union Gaming Research, LLC Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Michael Solomon Khabie-Zeitoune - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are: Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Grant Bowie, Chief Executive Officer of MGM China Holdings, Limited. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mrs. Sarah Rogers. Please go ahead.
Sarah Rogers: Hi, good morning, and welcome to MGM Resorts International's Second Quarter Earnings Call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at mgmresorts.com. A replay of the call will be available on our website, and we furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities law. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those -- in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, included in our most recent Form 10-K. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Sarah, and good morning, everyone. We think this quarter is a really good example of the power of being a leading operator here in Las Vegas. Our Strip properties drove the bulk of our EBITDA growth this quarter with wholly-owned Strip EBITDA, up 12%; and CityCenter resort operations EBITDA, up 20%. MGM China posted a real solid quarter and increased its margins and EBITDA, and that was driven by an increase in mix from the high-end main floor business. That high-margin business continues to grow for us. Our key markets are continuing to grow, and we continue to invest and focus where we see opportunity. In May, for example, MGM and AEG broke ground on our new arena here, targeted to open in mid 2016. This is going to be, really, a spectacular arena, and it will attract a lot of new events to the market and enable existing events that we host to grow in scale, and that is a very important component to our goal of ensuring that Las Vegas continues its leadership in entertainment, and we, at MGM, continue to capture an outsized share of that business. In June, New York-New York unveiled its Hershey's store to great success, and it's adding 2 new restaurant venues, Tom's Urban and the ever popular Shake Shack, which will open up in December. Mandalay Bay is winding down its remodel of The Hotel into the Delano. At this point, over half the rooms are complete and the name, I'm happy to say, is up on the building. The official opening is scheduled for September 1, and we believe that the Delano brand, combined with a spectacularly remodeled property, will command far better rates and attract a higher-quality, higher-margin customers. Ultimately, that's the business that we're in of creating unique experiences for our customers. And with that in mind, I'm pleased to announce the hiring of Lilian Tomovich. Hi, Lilian. She is our Chief Experience Officer and she is reporting to Bill Hornbuckle. Lilian will join from us and has joined us from MasterCard, where she ran the Consumer Marketing in the United States. She's now responsible for developing and executing guest interactions across all marketing channels with a goal of improving the guest experience company wide. We're very excited for this. On the development front, MGM National Harbor in Maryland has received all the necessary approvals, and we've actually begun construction there. We selected the Maryland-based Whiting-Turner as our general contractor for the project, and we've hired HKS as the design architect and Smith Group as the architect of record out of the D.C. As you probably know, the mid-Atlantic market is driving and in finalizing our plans for National Harbor, we have recently increased the scope of the project, expanding the footprint from 2.8 million square feet to 3.3 million square feet. In addition, we have modified our plans to create structure and flexibility to build out yet more incremental space on the second floor if demand in the future warrants that, and we think it will. Based on these more detailed plans, our budget now is $1.2 billion, up from the $1 billion that we announced earlier and almost all of that is due to the increase in scope. We think this will be one of the most successful U.S. resorts outside of Las Vegas. I just got home from a couple weeks in Japan and Macau. I have to say, we've been spending quite a bit of time in Japan, and we remain quite optimistic for legislation this fall. We're looking at all the markets there, and we now have a full team deployed there, with offices in both Tokyo and Osaka. I think that MGM is really well positioned in Japan, given our globally recognized brand, the market leadership we have in the convention and events business here in Las Vegas and a recognized award-winning builder of sustainable, integrated resorts, which is a key core value of Japan. We have also proven, which I think will help us there, in multiple jurisdictions around the globe to be a successful partner with key local stakeholders, and we've been meeting with several local companies over the past year. From there, we were in Macau, and we visited with the 1,200 construction workers that are actively working on MGM Cotai. There is actually a tremendous amount of work of being done there and has been on a daily basis since we began construction. Remember, we went down 3 floors and a substantial amount of superstructure work, basement work had to be completed, and now we're moving up into the tower. We'll talk about that a little bit later on. And so with that, I'll turn it over to Dan D'Arrigo to talk about our operating results.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. We are continuing to deliver consistency and improved operations as this is MGM's seventh consecutive quarter of year-over-year Strip EBITDA growth and margin improvement. All of our properties on the Strip showed year-over-year improvements in EBITDA. We are seeing a more unified recovery as luxury Strip properties grew EBITDA 13%, and our combined mid-tier and value resorts increased by some 8%. Our mid-tier and value resorts actually outperformed the luxury portfolio in terms of REVPAR growth for the second quarter in a row. On the casino side, the market was led by extremely strong Baccarat growth. Our wholly-owned Baccarat win was up 64% in the quarter and non-Bacc table games win was up 10%. Clearly, the customer relationships we have developed in Asia are benefiting MGM Resorts in Las Vegas, and we expect this trend to continue. On our last call, we guided for 5% Strip REVPAR growth during the second quarter, and we actually achieved 6%. We were able to grow our convention mix by about 1 percentage point year-over-year during the quarter. The in-the-year, for-the-year convention businesses is filling in nicely, and we now expect our full year convention mix to be above 16%, 1-6 percent, and actually above prior peak levels. Looking at the third quarter, we expect to continue to grow our convention mix and anticipate REVPAR growth of approximately 5% in Q3. At CityCenter, second quarter EBITDA from resort operations increased 20%, led by ARIA's strong 23% increase in their EBITDA contribution, driven by increased table game volume and hold. REVPAR at ARIA increased 6%, including record quarterly occupancy of some 94.4%. Vdara had a record quarter, driven by a 10% increase in REVPAR and occupancy just inside of 95%. Crystals reported another strong quarter of $11 million of EBITDA, up 12% compared to the prior year quarter. As you saw in the release this morning, MGM China announced its semiannual dividend of approximately $136 million, of which $69 million will be distributed to MGM Resorts on or about September 1. Including this declared dividends, MGM China will have distributed approximately $762 million in dividends to its shareholders this year alone. Moving over to the balance sheet. Our cash balance at the end of the quarter was approximately $1.4 billion, of which approximately $658 million was cash at MGM China. We currently have approximately $1.2 billion in available liquidity under our corporate revolver, while MGM China had approximately $1.4 billion in availability at the end of the quarter under their revolver. CityCenter cash at the end of the quarter was $346 million, of which approximately $157 million was restricted cash. During the second quarter, CityCenter prepaid approximately $150 million in outstanding debt, lowering its outstanding debt balance to approximately $1.5 billion. Leverage at CityCenter at the end of quarter was 4.7x. Just last week, we successfully repriced CityCenter's Term Loan B, reducing annual interest expense there by approximately $12 million going forward. A little bit of an update on CapEx. During the second quarter, we spent approximately $114 million in capital at our domestic operations. MGM China spent a total of approximately $64 million, of which $4 million was spent at MGM Macau and approximately $60 million on the continued development of MGM Cotai. And with that, I'll turn it over to Grant Bowie.
Grant R. Bowie: Thanks, Dan, and good evening, and good morning. MGM China property EBITDA was up 3% year-over-year, at $225 million before branding fees of $14.5 million, and that was on net revenues of $828 million, a decrease of about 1% year-over-year due to a lower VIP hold and lower turnover. Our EBITDA margin increased by 90 basis points year-over-year due to the higher contribution, as Jim indicated, from the high-margin main floor business. The VIP turnover decreased by 10% year-over-year. Our overall hold rate was 2.7% with -- compared with 2.9% last year due as we indicated to lower in household. Hold negatively impacted our EBITDA by roughly $14 million year-over-year. A number of lower performing junket tablets were relocated to main floor since the beginning of the year, a strategy which we will continue as we balance our allocation to maximize our yield. We had a record quarter on the main floor operation. Main floor table games win increased by 41% year-over-year, and this is the second consecutive quarter of outperforming the overall market growth. And this growth was being driven at MGM and on the Peninsula, in general, and is reflective of a sustainable appeal of the MGM and other quality venues on the Peninsula. The main floor table games and slots continue to grow as a percentage of our EBITDA and during the second quarter, represented 77% of EBITDA, up from 70% last quarter. This high contribution from the mass has certainly increased our stability and improved margins. Slot handle increased 13%, but our slot revenues decreased by 11% year-over-year due to lower hold. But we continue to be one of the top market share properties in the slot segment. The Peninsula, clearly, continues to be an attractive and growing market. To maintain this in the future, we will continue to reinvest in our MGM Macau property, leading up to the opening of Cotai. MGM Cotai construction is moving along at full steam, as Jim indicated, and we are nearing the completion of that extensive basement work and now we can move at pace on to the construction of The Hotel tower. And this project is on budget and on schedule to open in 2016. Meanwhile, the Peninsula, we are continuing to execute our yield focus optimization initiatives, and we still see opportunity to further improve the efficiencies at MGM Macau. We continue to identify additional table yield improvements in both VIP and in mass, and with product upgrades, we are refining the management -- the MGM experience for our customers. We're also focused, as we've indicated in the past, on building our customer base to drive growth, which will help us to prepare for the opening of MGM Cotai. MGM Cotai will greatly expand our operations in Macau, as the property will have nearly quadruple our room base and triple our growth floor area, which will allow us to expand our reach into the retail and entertainment. These will all create opportunities for earnings and margin improvement. And with that, I'd like to turn it back to Jim for his closing remarks.
James Joseph Murren: Thank you, Grant. And I just got to also thank you for your efforts there. It's quite clear to all of us, and I'm sure it is now to investors, that Grant and his team are the most seasoned operators in Macau. Grant himself has been a pioneer in the marketplace. He invented the sky casino concepts that others subsequently copied. He invented the premium mass segmentations with our supreme and platinum lounges, which have been so successful for us and others have taken note and copied. MGM has the best win per day in the market in the mass segment and as Grant mentioned, we're consistently one of the highest market share companies in slots. And we've always outperformed the market when we have seen periodic slowdowns in the VIP business in Macau. We've never had a more integrated set of operations between MGM China and MGM Resorts as we do right now, and that combination is yielding very strong cross-marketing results. We're seeing it also accrue to the benefit of our employees as they move back and forth between companies. It certainly has helped us on customer acquisition going both ways. It has helped us tremendously in employee retention in Macau and also here in Las Vegas. A little more on MGM Cotai because we've made great progress there, and it's such a dynamic market, I know there will be questions and updates. We're happy to say that we've now awarded about 50% of all the contracts, which is why Grant has more clarity on the $2.9 billion budget. We haven't missed a beat on construction, and we have received our permitting, both for the superstructure and for the MEP, and we continue to be the kind of company there, the government expects us to be, which is always highly compliant in doing all the right things. We're 3 floors below grade. That creates a lot of work for us, but ultimately, when opened, it creates great operating efficiencies for the employees, and we think that will have a benefit on margin once we're open. We're also pleased to announce a couple amenities that we haven't disclosed before. We have engaged David Rockwell, a world-class designer, done a lot of works for us and others in our industry. And his team have been working on the spectacle. This is the large entertainment experience, and retail experience that is at the heart of MGM Cotai that we believe, will be over the top and drive significant interest on the mass side. We've also designed in and brought in a great architect to provide a SKYLOFTS product as part of our room inventory at MGM Cotai. SKYLOFTS, for those who know us here in Las Vegas, has been a highly priced part of the MGM portfolio and these rooms and suites with its own VIP lobby, again, we think will be quite attractive to the premium mass customer. And because we're so far along on MGM Cotai, we're very happy to say that we have been focusing on the second phase of MGM Cotai, which will be all nongaming, continuing to diversify and add likely over 700 additional guest rooms. This is really meaningful to us because, as you know, MGM has the highest EBITDA per room in the Macau market, and MGM as MGM China will experience the most rapid growth in guest rooms over the next few years, even more so if we're able to build this Phase 2 project adding on to the 1,500-odd rooms that we're building at MGM Cotai. We have been building up our bench for growth. That -- MGM China has benefited from MGM Resorts in that regard. People have moved over for the opportunities. We're continuing to build on the integration of marketing between the 2 companies. We're continuing to expand our Asian footprint with our hospitality division at MGM Resorts with 2 hotels opened now in Mainland China and more under construction. We're excited about opening MGM Cotai because we know how meaningful it will be to the profitability of MGM China and the benefit that MGM Resorts will get as a result. And we're very pleased with the progress that we continue to see here in our home market of Las Vegas. So with that, operator, I'd like to turn it over to you for our Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Since you entered in Macau, I'll start with Macau. Grant, just a question on your margins. They were definitely better year-over-year. Just the flow through was a bit lower than what we were expecting. Was that mainly driven to the low hold that you discussed, or were you seeing also higher operating costs? And if it was higher operating costs, both WYNN and LVS called out bonus accruals in their releases as partially driving lower EBITDA, and I believe that you guys also pay a 14-month bonus, but I didn't see any commentary in the release about that.
Grant R. Bowie: Thanks, Felicia. I can always know you to keep the pressure on. In terms of the margins, they are pretty claimed. There's really nothing exceptional in there. I think we indicated that we actually had fully accrued into last year's results the 14 months that we actually paid, so we didn't have any adverse effect and, by and large, the performance in the costs are pretty consistent. You are correct that obviously, the low hold had an impact on margin, but the strength for that 41% increase in the mass table games certainly provided the bulk of that improvement. So overall, the revenues were moving faster, the mix change had impact, so I think it's a pretty clean margin number, and we really don't have any unusual costs sitting in our -- any unusual costs that will have a one-off effect because we actually planned for and actually accrued it into the periods.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Perfect, that's really helpful, I appreciate that. And then Jim and team just moving over to Vegas. Most of your retail properties performed better in the quarter than we expected both in terms of REVPAR and flow through. I was just wondering if you could talk for a moment about what's driving that. Would you say it's more coming from company initiatives, or is it more of a general return to the market segment? Is it both? And then also just in answering the question, the one property that did stand out to us as having lower flow through was Monte Carlo, so just wondering if there was anything specific going on at that property.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure, Felicia. This is Dan. Yes, when we looked at the second quarter, we were overall pleased with the results. There is always things up and down in each and every quarter, and you're pointing out one of them, which is Monte Carlo. I think overall, we're pleased with the performance, but we still continue to stay laser-focused on the expense side and on the flow through. I think for the quarter, we came in at about 37% flow through in the quarter, which is a little bit below our previously stated range. Monte Carlo did impact that as we continue to kind of position that property going forward. In the second quarter, we had quite a few restaurants and retail outlets that opened up and really are repositioning that property in the second quarter to actually give it a front door, and now we're working through the ramp-up of those facilities and the traffic patterns with a new configuration. So that was impacted in the quarter and clearly, that's something that over time will rectify itself as those facilities ramp-up and take hold. The other piece is probably something to kind of mention, is also about the -- at Mandalay, the Delano impacted our flow through. As we reposition and rebrand that property, you're incurring expenses given the hotel, within a hotel concept that are just hitting expense and aren't pre-opening or aren't capitalizing in any way, shape or form. So as we reposition that property through September and October here to its official launch and fully complete it, that, too, impacted the margins. But longer term, as these properties continue to kind of work through those issues, we think that guidance-wise, flow through is still in that 50% to 60% range.
Corey I. Sanders: And, Felicia, this is Corey. It is partially -- the economy is positive for us, but our company initiatives have really paid off, especially on our yielding front and how we're attacking the convention market. We've been very aggressive in buying back space and utilizing that space, the best we can. I think you've seen us gain even some market share in the convention business, as well as market share in growing our REVPAR.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Greff of JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: If you back out Mandalay and Monte Carlo, I think flow through is just about 50%. When you look at the 3Q and the 4Q, obviously, the Delano is going to open up September, October, as you've mentioned, do you expect some of the expenses or some of these challenges to continue in the near term that we should be mindful of, that would get you below 40% to 50% of flow through?
James Joseph Murren: Joe, it's Jim. That's entirely possible. I mean, I think I would look at it in the following ways that the Japanese have a word called Kaizen. It means continuous improvement. And we're doing that on these properties, which means periodically, 1 or 2 of them are going to fall below our target of 50%. And in the case of Monte Carlo and Mandalay, they probably will in the third quarter as well, those 2. We're not giving up, but they probably will as a result of the fact that the lobby at The Hotel, now, Delano is completely ripped up, and we've had to be very generous to our customers to reward them for staying in a property that has been less than appealing going through that process. In the case of Monte Carlo, a lot of start-up expenses as we've been promoting some brand-new restaurants that are new to the entire market. So there's some brand awareness spending that we've been doing. But that target is, I think, a worthy one. And I'd make a couple of points on margin, because really I think that's what you're getting at in terms of the operating leverage in the business. I look back on this, but -- you probably know, but our wholly-owned margins, they peaked at 34% back in the first quarter of '06. Those were good days back then. We all loved those days. And then they troughed in the fourth quarter of '10 at 19.7%, so we went from 34% to under 20%. In this quarter that Dan was just talking about, they increased 80 basis points year-over-year to 25.3%. In fact, that's the seventh quarter in a row that they've been increasing year-over-year. But on a peak basis, if you look at annually, our peak margin, annually, on an annualized basis was 2006. And now, it's 33%. And in 2010, it was only 21%. And I guess, my point here is that our margins have been increasing every single year since the trough. And why that has happened is that we drove revenue through the recession, we just felt we had to do that and revenues have actually held up pretty well as a result of that. But now, as Corey and Dan and others have talked about, we're continuing to improve the mix, and that's why we've done better than we thought on ADR and on REVPAR, convention mix is better than we thought, and we are really managing our costs. Our FTEs, by the way, are up deminimusly versus last year, and they're still down profoundly from 2007, and that is our biggest, obviously, costs. So we're continuing to manage our costs. We're continuing to improve the mix of our revenues, and that's why we continue to expect margins will increase going forward. And why this is so critical, as we know as well as you, that every 100-basis point increase in margin, just using last year's revenue as an example, every 100-basis point increase is $60 million of EBITDA, right down to the bottom line. So I can assure you that, that is an intense focus of ours, we're proud of the improvement in margins. We cannot reasonably expect that every property will have a good flow through every quarter, but as a portfolio, we believe, that they will, and we certainly expect as a company our margins will continue to improve.
James Joseph Murren: And Joe, Delano will open officially in September, so fourth quarter should be fairly clean from those pre-opening expenses.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Corey, how does 2015 look and shape up in terms of group, if you can talk about group pace? And then another question. Jim, you mentioned the CapEx going up due to scope changes in Maryland. Have your EBITDA returned assumptions or under underwriting assumptions changed, along with those scope changes? And that's all for me.
James Joseph Murren: Well, I will take the second one, and I'll turn it over to Corey. Yes, so I mean, the great results that Maryland Live! has generated, our market analysis that's been more precise we're doing quite a bit more work in the Virginia-D.C. market in terms of market potential. Moving over some great personnel into that marketplace. We mentioned earlier, Anton Nikodemus has been involved in the regionals, combined with Lorenzo Creighton and our team. We've put more marketing effort behind here, and we're highly bullish on this particular location, which is why we feel it's very prudent now to not only expand out the public space, which will accommodate more gaming and entertainment, but to create the support structure to build on to the second floor, build the second floor expansion that could include gaming and convention space for the future. So almost -- well, 75%, 80% of that increase is all simply through increasing the square footage of the project.
Corey I. Sanders: And on the convention side, Joe, for 2015, our pace is up double-digit, with rate being up also, and that's despite a tough comparison with CON/AGG.
Operator: Our next question is from Harry Curtis of Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Over to Macau, if you could talk about the competitiveness in the mass segment. There's some discussion about it becoming more promotional and, Grant, if you could give us some perspective on whether or not that's true.
Grant R. Bowie: I think it's quite true that as things develop, it always becomes more competitive and I think we all are pretty sensible in this market, and we need to be very focused on the reinvestment rate. As you can see, we have not really seen any significant change and I think our focus will continue and I know a number of other venues are going to be about the quality of experience and the quality of the property rather, than just simply hitting the price button. So at the moment, yes, it's competitive, but I think the focus tends to be on competitiveness through quality of delivery. And different organizations have different constructs, but at the top end, the quality end of the market, I'm pretty comfortable and pretty confident that we can hold the position.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So you see the margins in mass bottom line staying pretty stable?
Grant R. Bowie: Yes. I think if you look through the different groups, the different organizations, Harry, there's already different margin arrangements. And so I think the relationship between the organizations, I think, are pretty stable.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then, Corey, just coming back to your comment about next year. You mentioned the group pace being up double-digit. Can you give us a sense of what sort of pricing you're seeing on that? And specifically, the first quarter is really tough. Can you discuss how replacing CON/AGG is going from a pricing perspective?
Corey I. Sanders: Sure.
Sarah Rogers: I'll just -- rates for 2015 look to be up kind of low-single-digit percentages, which is actually very good because you're comping against CON/AGG in the first quarter.
Corey I. Sanders: And first quarter is filling in nicely, Harry. We're actually up in rooms and looking at the first quarter. We're in the middle of our budget season right now, and we'll have better information later on.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So if you're up at this point, low-single digits, you would expect that to lift as we get closer to the beginning of 2014 or '15, rather?
Sarah Rogers: One would hope, but we're also against the challenge of that big week, where you had major rate inflation last year.
Operator: Our next question is from Grant Govertsen of Union Gaming.
Grant Govertsen - Union Gaming Research, LLC: Could you talk about trends in regards to high-end Baccarat play at your Vegas properties? Specifically, are you seeing any incremental VIP play migrate from Macau these days, given the current Macau and China dynamics? Or is it simply the continued ramping of general demand from China and elsewhere, including from your hospitality JV in China?
James Joseph Murren: Well, there's no doubt that we're getting more high-end business here in Las Vegas as a result of our increased visibility in Macau. And the combined efforts of the U.S. operators that are in Macau, bringing customers to Las Vegas benefits all of us here. So we get a good share of that play regardless of who brings them over here. And our competitors get a good share of our customers' play when we bring them over. It's the nature of this business. So that will be the primary impetus for seeing some good Baccarat play. Also, our events have been very compelling. So when we had the Mayweather fight in May, you saw a tremendous Baccarat number in the city and many of us benefited from that. We have another Mayweather fight, by the way, next month in September, which is shaping up to be a highly sought-after event, which is encouraging for that quarter. On the hospitality side, I'd say less so. It's still early days on hospitality. Once we open a hotel in a major market like Beijing or Shanghai, the 2 projects that are under development right now, that will have a bigger impact. But as we stand right now, our 2 hotels are in Sanya, which is in Hainan Island, which really more benefits MGM Macau because of the cross-marketing and the proximity between those and a really small hotel in Chengdu, which is a very luxurious property but very small, and not intended to send a lot of customers here.
Grant Govertsen - Union Gaming Research, LLC: Understood. And then just a quick one for Grant in Macau. You mentioned that slot volume was up notably, but revenues were down. Was that a function of a couple of high rollers dinging you a little bit, or is that the mix issue with more e, electronic, table games and, correspondingly, lower hold rate?
Grant R. Bowie: As you know, we are obviously very strong in the premium end of the market, and you are correct, we did have some players who were very, very lucky. I'm not sure if people understand that those games that they play are reasonably volatile games too, with quite high returns on it. So it's a stabilized, and we have seen coming into this month that we've actually won quite a bit of that back.
Operator: Your next question is from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I have one Macau question and one Vegas. In Macau, I guess, some in the market had thought that July was showing some signs of improvement during the month and then it doesn't look like the month ended that way. And I wonder if you could just give us your perspective on how you see things shaping up in Macau as you sort of look out over the next few weeks? And just to get a sense of whether things have, in fact, stabilized or kind of we're still seeing more June and July trends?
Grant R. Bowie: I think there's been some continued observation that the premium business, the junket business, is still consolidating, still stabilizing. We're seeing volumes begin to increase again. But I think there's a whole series of issues going on that we're well aware, and in China that has taken some of the energy out of the sector and I think we just see that continued consolidation. In the mass business, it just continues to be very strong and I also would see that would likely ramp-up. We're obviously in the summer season, and in some ways, we've seen a couple of years, the summer season, we see some of the business slow down somewhat. We are almost getting some of the trends we're seeing in other marketplaces that during the summer the business is not as strong. But overall, still continue to be very positive on the mass market, looking very strongly at it. Confident in the junket business. See this as a period of consolidation and a comparative realignment, and as we work through this, as we saw back in 2008, 2009 that there is a general confidence still within those operators that as we get into the end of the year and into 2015, they are particularly positive themselves about the growth opportunities going forward.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then on Vegas, just to circle back on you talked about rates being up in Q1 against CON/AGG, I guess, that was convention rate on the books for Q1 being up year-over-year. Can you give us any color on convention room nights in Q1 on the books versus prior year, because I think would -- I think that will be a difficult comp as well?
Corey I. Sanders: Well, right now, just based on pace, we're up 16,000 rooms in Q1.
Sarah Rogers: Yes. So the General commentary is just across the board in 2015 pace is looking up year-over-year, with a slight increase in rate and that applies to the first quarter as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Shaun Kelley of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to try and close the loop on Las Vegas and the flow-through commentary. So just to go back to that for a moment, it sounded like you're a little bit less confident in the third quarter, flow-throughs you guys might see just given some of the same issues with Delano renovation and Monte Carlo. Do you think 50% to 60% is achievable for the year, or with kind of Q2 and Q3 disruption, that's probably not going to happen this year, but then, I guess, do you think it's possible next year to hit that rate?
James Joseph Murren: Well, first, we're just talking about 2 properties. I think, year-to-date, we're 45% right now, even with disruption we've had in 2 of our 10 properties here. So we certainly don't, at this point in time, expect us not to achieve our goal for the year. We were just highlighting in the second quarter, a little bit into the third, but not the full third in the case of the Delano. You can have -- you most likely will have a very strong September as a result of that swinging into very incremental, very additive operations for us, and for Mandalay, in general. So I think we're just trying to highlight the fact that, since the question was asked on why we were a little bit lower than your goal? It was because of those 2 properties. We have -- we know what our expenses are going to be. We have a very good handle on that. We know that room mix is improving, we know that our REVPAR is going to be up this quarter. We know that we're getting out of the summer months soon and getting into the fall, with convention business looking quite strong in the fourth quarter. And so there's no reason why we shouldn't expect to be able to achieve our long-term goals. And in fact, the focus being on margin continued to show the consecutive growth in operating margin.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I think that's a helpful clarification for people. And then the second question that I have would just be, obviously, the Delano is a pretty extensive renovation. You guys have done a lot of work at the Grand and at the Bellagio. As you look into next year, kind of, are there properties that you kind of know or slated for possible renovation activity where you kind of would expect to be more focused with some of your -- probably, your maintenance capital dollars?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I think, Shaun, as you look out into next year and we will be presenting to our board later on this year kind of the game plan for capital, the one that kind of comes to mind is the standard room tower at Mandalay for next year. So as you think about the Four Seasons has already been done, the Delano is obviously being done right now and with the expansion of convention facilities and the new restaurant product, the logical next step would be the standard room tower at Mandalay for next year, and that's probably the one that would be the priority right now.
James Joseph Murren: And I don't think we -- well, I know we didn't talk about it on this call, we talked about it on the prior call, but remember that we're adding 300,000 square feet of convention space to Mandalay Bay, which is already very well occupied and large. And that breaks ground in about 1.5 months, and that opens up in the third quarter of next year, so we want to make sure when that opens up, that the entire campus is in great shape. We have received a tremendous amount of feedback and support for all of our major exhibition companies that we partner with. And so we think Mandalay is going to have a great year next year anyway, but there will be some disruption because of some room remodeling going on there at the main tower. But that expansion to the convention center, combined with the room product as we progress into '15, will, we think, accelerate the momentum at Mandalay and have, really, quite a monster year in 2016.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great, that's helpful. My last question would just be on the Cotai. It's pretty specific. But I think as I look through the circular for MGM China and then versus the Annual Report, it looked like -- in the Annual Report, you referred to early 2016, and now, you are referring to 2016 as the target opening. Am I reading too much into that, or is the timing getting pushed out a little bit there?
James Joseph Murren: First, I commend you still reading that. That's a -- it's a skill so often missed in today's analytical community. But yes, the issue with the timing and the problem with clarity is that -- and we're all faced with this, is that the permitting process is so uncertain as to future permits. There is such a backlog because there's so many towers, so many cranes, so many projects under way right now in Macau that I don't think anyone can, with any kind of precision, tell you exactly when they're going to open. They may say so, but they really don't know. I can tell you that because after spending a couple of weeks there, they just don't know. We have not missed a day. We have China State Construction building our project. They're highly experienced in that part of the world. Labor is always going to be one of the inhibiting factors. We feel that we have the right contractor to get the right kind of labor for the project, and we have received very critical permits, like the superstructure, like the MEP, which is a differentiator for us and very important. And so we feel like we're going to be able to continue to plow through and build this at a very rapid pace. But no one knows for sure exactly to the month or certainly not the day when you can open. We know we're open in 2016. We know that it's going to be in some respect outside of our control. We just feel like rather than to pin down a number or a date, we just have to be a little more general at this point in time. What we will say is that it will be perfect when we open. We're not going to rush an opening and have Coming Soon signs everywhere. So I think that, I wish we could be precise. I don't think any operator can, and we like our chances in that marketplace. But you're right. We have -- we've broadened our language on the opening date because we just -- it's beyond our control, it's beyond any operator's control in that market, and we just feel like that was the better course of action.
Operator: Our next question is from Joel Simkins of Crédit Suisse.
David Michael Solomon Khabie-Zeitoune - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is actually Michael on for Joel. I just want to get your thoughts on the recent Crown transaction. First, what do you think this signals for Las Vegas Strip land values? And second, perhaps, what do you think it means for the epicenter of the Strip and how you guys are positioned longer term?
James Joseph Murren: Well, we don't have all the information yet on the exact numbers. We saw what was going on. We've talked to some of our buddies, including a couple of principles there, but, clearly, the valuation is north of $9 million an acre. We're not quite sure, exactly, what the number will end up being, but for a company that owns 800 acres on the Strip, we kind of like that a lot. And we have a lot of undeveloped acreage, some of which we bought at even higher prices, back in -- before the recession. But it's certainly a bullish sign for investors that want to come into the market. We have to believe that, number one. Number two, my guess, it's only a guess, it will stimulate the beginning of the Genting project. As someone that lives here, we haven't seen any activity there, but we know it's coming, and that's also, we believe, compelling. Genting and Crown bring tremendous diversity to the customers that we receive in Las Vegas, and we have high hopes for them to grow the market in both cases. And in the case of Crown, they are partnered with Andrew Pascal, who is literally my neighbor and our friend, and a great operator and a great guy, and we know that they'll do something compelling and different. What it means is really not much for today, right, in 2014. We're talking about what Las Vegas might look like in 2017 or '18 or '19. But it does mean that there'll be thousands of jobs created, construction jobs. It does mean that it will help the local economy here, and it does mean that there will be thousands of permanent jobs, when these projects are opened and a lot of marketing dollars spent to bring people to Las Vegas, and more likely more airline lift, particularly internationally given the Genting and Crown relationships in Malaysia and in Australia. So after 3 years of people running away from Las Vegas to see cosmopolitan trade at a good valuation; to see SLS, which I've been through several times, looking, really, cool and great, opening up this month; to see new investors that are savvy, and experienced in gaming and have their eyes wide open in the case of James Packer and Andrew Pascal and willing to invest significant dollars into Las Vegas; and with one of the most powerful gaming companies on the globe, Genting also doing the same, I have to like this. And as someone that has -- we have 42,000 hotel rooms here and better than our fair share of the market in, most, every customer segments, we think that's a very big positive, particularly for the portfolio projects that we have, not only where we are, which we are the epicenter not there -- not only where we are, but what Mirage is all about and further to the North, the benefits to Circus Circus, which has been a lonely soldier up there in the North for quite a while and now getting some much-needed company. We think that's good for our portfolio.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Kent of Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: After that comment, Jim, maybe you could just talk about your thoughts about Crystals and CityCenter, since performing so well. Any thoughts on either monetizing that asset or buying back the other 50%. I couch that with the great job that Dan's done on the balance sheet, where it's not as necessary as it -- maybe we thought as necessary a few years ago. So values are going higher, it seems like things are going well, why not do something with CityCenter and Crystals at this point?
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, and I'm looking at Bobby and he's done a -- yes, we've done a great job. Bobby has done a great job over there. Obviously, the place is generating a significant amount of free cash. If someone would sit down and figure out what the cash flow is of CityCenter against its cash interest, you'd see what the gift that has arrived for us for both owners, for both for Dubai World and ourselves. So as a major free cash flow generator, we view it as a source of great capital to deleverage the parent, much like we look at MGM China to help do the same. So I think both partners have never been more pleased, particularly given the journey that we've been on, to envision a scenario where free cash flow is generated not only to reduce the leverage at CityCenter, which is already quite low, but the dividend money back to the parents, which would accrue to both parties. Crystals, we did explore potentially selling last year, when the window of opportunity was briefly there at sub-5 cap rates for Crystals. By the time we got our documentation in order, cap rates had moved higher, and we missed that opportunity, and we're glad we did because the NOI of Crystals has gone up dramatically since that time, so -- and cap rates have come back down. We believe that Crystals is a very valuable asset. I think its NOI is like $45 million on a trailing basis. We think it's going into the $50 millions in short order. And so the question for us will become, do you sell Crystals for $1 billion, say, today, or do you wait and grow it and see how you can expand it further, which has potential? But we'll evaluate that. It was always intended to be separate from CityCenter and could always be sold. And so it's certainly an opportunity for us. As it relates to buying out our partners, I think we'll both like owning half of it so much, I'd like to own 100% of it, but you have to have somebody that wants to sell when you want to buy. And our partners don't want to sell, they like what's going on there, they like the free cash flow, they like the growth potential, they see ARIA becoming even more profitable than it is today, they like the fact that Mandarin and Vdara are making money and Crystals having a big growth path. So never say never, but these are discussions that we've informally had in the past, and you have to have a willing partner in a transaction, and both of us like being owners at CityCenter at this point.
Operator: Our last question today will come from Thomas Allen of Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just some clarifications on your 2015 REVPAR trends in Las Vegas. You guys have talked in the past about how you saw 2014 as kind of a stepping stone and CON/AGG did create a tough comp, but you really helped to build on that. And so just given your commentary around driving kind of low single-digit rate growth and then, obviously, you're already at pretty high occupancy. I mean, with kind of a low single-digit of REVPAR growth, do you view it as a disappointment? I mean, can you do something better than that?
Sarah Rogers: Yes, and I want to make sure that it's clear that the convention rate and mix isn't necessarily the only driver of REVPAR growth. So next year is a tough comp. We're coming up against CON/AGG, which is a great driver for convention business. Mike Dominguez and his team are very focused on driving the mix within convention, so corporate continues to be an increase in terms of the percentage of mix and is up from about 55% of bookings to 60% of bookings, and these are corporates that have greater F&B budgets, greater entertainment budgets, et cetera. But absolutely, REVPAR growth can be beyond what we're seeing in terms of convention rate growth. It takes time to push out some of the association business that is in there for multi-year contracts, but we continuously are increasing our pricing in convention regularly.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And, Tom, if I would just add, I would remind you that last time that CON/AGG was in, we were able to grow REVPAR by some 13% in the following year quarter and that first quarter, we were able to grow REVPAR by 4% on top of that in terms of the year-over-year growth. So the ability is there, and we're going to continue to push on rates, as you see occupancies in these buildings are approaching and in some cases are at all-time peak levels again.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just on Macau. I mean, you guys talked about Cotai Phase 2, I think this is the first time you really gave us any detail around it. Kind of what are you expecting to spend there? Any timing around it? Any incremental color would be helpful.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. We're going through the planning process of that now. And you're right, this is the first time that we have talked about it, and we've designed it to be able to accommodate this additional tower with several hundred hotel rooms and more entertainment. Probably in the next quarter, we'll be able to give you a budget on that. We have preliminary numbers, but I'd kind of like to show it to my Board first. So I think that what the important point is on that comment is that we have been preparing our submission, we wanted to make sure that we had our permits in place, superstructure, MEP permits in place, we have those. We're now prepared to put together the document that we'll submit to the government. The government process is very specific and has changed, actually, over the past year. And so we want to make sure we submit a perfect document that will be the key to speed for approvals and for construction, and that will be the focus over the next 1 month or 2. And then next quarter, we'll be able to give you a budget on that. I would say that we're very excited about this. We have been a tremendously capacity constrained on hotel rooms in Macau. We have the smallest number of rooms. It's a problem. We continually rent rooms out at the Mandarin Oriental next door and in the city itself. We know that we can drive more mass business, which we've been the innovator on and leader. When we open up Cotai with the triple the number of rooms that we have in our current facility, and if we can expand it even further, then we think the ROI there is pretty spectacular. So we'll give you the budget on that, but the point is that we're now so far along on Cotai, with 50% of the project let out and, really, rapidly a pace that we could get to the position where we can petition the government for the Phase 2.
Sarah Rogers: Thanks, guys.
James Joseph Murren: Take care. Have a great day. Thank you for participating.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sarah Rogers James Joseph Murren - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Grant R. Bowie - President William Joseph Hornbuckle - President and Chief Marketing Officer
Analysts: Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are: Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Grant Bowie, Chief Executive Officer of MGM China Holdings, Limited. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn the call over to Mrs. Sarah Rogers.
Sarah Rogers: Hi, good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International First Quarter Earnings Call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at mgmresorts.com. A replay of the call will be available on our website. We furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning. On this call, we'll make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities law. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is also available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Sarah, and good morning, everyone. Also here, right, we have Bobby Baldwin, Bill Hornbuckle and Corey Sanders for any of the particularly tough questions. We're obviously off to a strong start in 2014. Our net revenue growth was 12%. EBITDA growth was 19% year-over-year in the quarter. These results were driven by double-digit growth in our Las Vegas properties and, again, record results at CityCenter and at MGM China. At MGM China, Grant and the team clearly have done a great job of maintaining our impressive market share despite the new competition that has arisen over the past couple of years. And now, we are focused on increasing our market presence there. MGM Cotai, construction progresses rapidly. We have now commenced the fabrication of our tower facade in the factory, and we're making very good progress with steel fabrication and manufacturing of all the major plant components. As we've mentioned previously, our design of the entertainment technology and exciting interior design product is important to us, particularly around The Mansion, and that continues to progress. We expect that MGM Cotai will dramatically grow our main floor business and really redefine the high-end experience with that Mansion product. Here at home in Las Vegas, we continue to have made very smart targeted investments in our properties that are differentiating our product offering, and it has helped expand Las Vegas visitation. Some of these investments include also contributions from partners, which we're happy to bring along. And we're very focused on maximizing their and our return on capital. The new Strip frontage at Monte Carlo was a very good example. It's near completion, we've already opened up 3 restaurants, and we're already experiencing significant traffic increases on that side of the Strip. And at New York-New York, we look forward to opening up Hershey's next month, which will be a killer and drive a lot of traffic over to the New York-New York facade and continue that traffic increase when we open up Tom's Urban and Shake Shack in December of this year. Just in a couple of days, we're breaking ground on our new 20,000-seat arena with our partners, AEG. That, of course, is between New York-New York and Monte Carlo, and the work is progressing there on a park that will tie the arena to the rest of our Strip frontage. And that will include about 80,000 square-feet of very high-energy entertainment and food and beverage, all of that opens in early 2016, we think dramatically accruing to the benefit of those properties in the west side of the Strip and across the street at MGM. Over at Mandalay, the remodel of The Hotel into the Delano has already begun. We expect that to be completed in September, and we expect a significant increase in REVPAR once that important brand of Latin America, Europe and the East Coast is part of our family at the Mandalay campus. And of course, beyond that, we've recently announced plans to expand our already very successful convention center at Mandalay Bay. You know from prior calls, we're very focused on increasing our convention mix as a driver of occupancy. That drives rate and spend. And I think, certainly, the first quarter is a good example of the power of the convention business. By the way, our first quarter in convention was an all-time record first quarter, all-time in terms of our convention mix. This year, we expect to be near our prior peak for the entire year at around 16% of our total room nights coming from convention. And then to continue to grow this mix beyond that peak, we ultimately need more space. Mandalay Bay is the place to do that. It has 1.7 million square feet of convention space today. We're expanding that to 2 million square feet, and that will allow us to not only retain and grow our existing groups, which have asked us repeatedly for more space, but also to attract a wide array of new trade shows and corporate groups that currently do not fit, believe it or not, in our space. And that also, obviously, will have a major impact on overflow rooms for our sister properties. This will solidify our trade show business, while allowing us to increase our high-margin corporate business. All this opens late next year. We're expecting a great ROI from this in 2016. You also have noted the great trend globally on music festivals. We are in front of this trend in Las Vegas. We opened a festival lot near Luxor only a year ago. And more recently, we announced plans to develop 33 acres right next to Circus Circus, and that will be the largest festival lot on the Strip, and that will bring, next year, Rock in Rio. This event has been going on for about 20 years in Rio, and some of the biggest entertainers in the world have performed there. Last year's festival sold out its 600,000 tickets in 4 hours. We expect the U.S. version of Rock in Rio, which will open next fall, will bring approximately 300,000 people to Las Vegas to be staying and enjoying the music festival. This space, which we own and will be available for many other events, which we will produce or lease out throughout the years. This is a driver of incremental visitors to Las Vegas and will benefit the entire town from an occupied room nights perspective. Out in the regionals, we plan to break ground on MGM National Harbor in Maryland this summer. And again, we expect to open that in the summer of 2016. The much-anticipated MGM National Harbor, we believe, will be one of the most successful resorts in the United States once we complete it and employ 4,000 new jobs upon opening. In Springfield, Mass, we are scheduled to go before the commission in June, and we are hopeful for the awarding of the license for the Western Region. We also, of course, are continuing to follow the status of the pending referendum, which proposes to repeal the gaming legislation. So we'll have to wait and see about what happens there. But we certainly hope that we can help Springfield in its efforts to revitalize that city. I, personally, with Bill and others, are extremely focused on Japan, been there often, and believe it is a significant opportunity for the gaming industry and specifically for MGM. And we think it has great potential to be a driver of tourism if the country pursues the IR effort, we'll be over there again in a couple of weeks, right, Bill? We continue to leverage and focus on M life. Our loyalty program is clearly generating great productivity in our -- on our gaming floors. And our existing partnerships, such as the Hyatt partnership and Southwest Airlines, have been very effective customer acquisition tools. I'm really proud to say myVegas, our social game that we founded with Andrew Pascal and his partners, have vastly exceeded our expectations by providing us with over 850,000 average daily users on that social gaming site. We continue to add new partners to this program, and we've just recently announced a much-expanded relationship with Pinnacle Entertainment post its acquisition of our previous partner, Ameristar. This increases the size of an already strong regional gaming partnership from 6 to 16 properties. And now those customers have access to the best destinations that Pinnacle owns and in Las Vegas, through MGM, through M life. Our MGM Hospitality group is very excited. It has combined forces with Hakkasan to create a global hospitality development and management company. This partnership with the team began with the incredibly successful opening of the Hakkasan Las Vegas at MGM. And we're growing that relationship to develop hotels throughout the world using the Hakkasan brand, along with our brands, Bellagio, MGM Grand and SKYLOFTS. And we expect to really invigorate this non-gaming hotel company over the next several years. And with that, I'd like to turn it back over to Dan to talk about our operating results and financial position. Dan?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. We are continuing to deliver consistency and improved operations as this is our sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year Strip EBITDA growth and margin improvement. In fact, here in Las Vegas, our wholly owned properties were all up in both of those measures, and margins increased by over 200 basis points year-on-year. Flow-through was 55%, in line with our expected range of 50% to 60%, despite a lower hold comparison in the quarter. Both our luxury and non-luxury properties on the Strip pushed occupancy and rate and drove mid-teens EBITDA growth. Our luxury Strip properties grew EBITDA by some 17%, and our combined mid-tier and value resorts increased by some 15%. On the casino side, international gaming business remained strong, and our domestic rate of play continues to improve. In fact, we saw increases in volumes across each of our casino segments, Baccarat, non-bacc table games and slot handle versus the prior year. We guided for 10% Strip REVPAR growth during the first quarter and achieved 14%. This growth was driven by 2 percentage points of occupancy improvement and 12% ADR lift. We are exceptionally proud of this performance due to the collective efforts of our revenue management team and our leisure and convention sales team to proactively manage our room inventory, which is allowing us to better yield our rooms. The first quarter was a record in terms of convention room nights, as Jim mentioned earlier, and this is due to this collaborative effort. In the second quarter, despite the Easter calendar shift, we plan to continue to grow our convention mix and rate year-on-year. Based on current trends, we expect second quarter REVPAR to grow by approximately 5%. Moving over to CityCenter. CityCenter recorded record results, with resort operations up 2%. ARIA's EBITDA decreased slightly due to a difficult hold comparison, as ARIA held about 150 basis points below the prior period. On the hotel side, ARIA was able to grow REVPAR by some 14% year-over-year, driven by both improvements in occupancy and ADR. Vdara had a record quarter, with hotel occupancy of 89.5%, an increase of over 400 basis points, and ADR increased 16% to $185, driving REVPAR up 21% to $165 in the quarter. Crystals continues to gain more traction and it, too, recorded record results, with EBITDA increasing some 30% year-on-year compared to the prior quarter. On the balance sheet front. At MGM Resorts, we currently have approximately $1.2 billion in available liquidity under our revolver, while MGM China had approximately $1.5 billion available at the end of the quarter as well. Interest expense decreased by some $16 million year-over-year during the quarter. As a result, our continued efforts to lower our borrowing costs and reduce debt. We expect this trend to continue as we move forward. Our cash balance at the end of the quarter was approximately $1.1 billion, of which $556 million was a cash balance at MGM China. CityCenter's cash balance at the end of the quarter was $345 million, which included approximately $72 million of restricted cash. And their outstanding debt balance at the end of the quarter was approximately $1.7 billion. To put this all in perspective, CityCenter's net debt at the end of the quarter was roughly $1.5 billion. And leverage on a trailing 12 basis at the end of the quarter was effectively 4.7x at CityCenter, a remarkable improvement in that balance sheet over the past couple of years. During the first quarter, we spent approximately $72 million in CapEx related to our domestic operations. MGM China has spent approximately $121 million, of which $14 million was spent at MGM Macau and approximately $107 million, 1-0-7, was spent on our development of our Cotai project. And with that, I'll turn it over to Grant for his MGM China report.
Grant R. Bowie: Well, thanks, Dan, and good morning, good evening, to everybody. The first quarter, again, of 2014, was another record, as indicated by Jim, here at MGM China, with net revenue growth of 26% year-over-year to $941 million, and property EBITDA up 33% year-over-year to $257 million before the branding fee of $16.5 million. Our property EBITDA margin increased by 130 basis points year-over-year to $27.3 million due to higher contribution for high-margin main floor business and also increase in our VIP hold percentage. VIP turnover increased by 12% year-over-year. Our overall hold rate was 3% compared with 2.8% last year. Main floor table game win increased 45% year-over-year. Our main floor table games win outperformed the Macau market growth of 40% and the Peninsula growth rate of 31% during the first quarter. Slot handle increased by 12% year-over-year, and revenue was up 15%. Slot hold was 4.8% in Q1 compared to 5.1% last year. MGM Cotai is well underway, as Jim mentioned. In the meantime, we're executing on our yield-focused optimization initiatives, and we continue to see opportunities to improve the efficiency at MGM Macau. We're also looking across segment table yield improvement opportunities between the VIP and the mass, as well as product upgrades to refine the MGM experience to our customers. We're also focused on building our customer base to drive growth, which will help us to prepare for the opening of MGM Cotai in early 2016. MGM Cotai will be -- will greatly expand our operations in Macau, as the property will have almost 3x as many rooms that we currently have at MGM Macau, approximately 2x the gross floor area, which will expand and allow us to offer a greater variety in terms of retail and entertainment. In addition, our plans call for incremental slots and table games versus that [ph] kind [ph] of property. And with that, I'll just turn it back to Jim for his closing remarks.
James Joseph Murren: Thank you, Grant. We want to give you plenty of time for your questions, so I'll just be brief here. We are confident that this is going to be a great year for MGM Resorts. We're obviously off to a strong start. And given the exciting projects we have in the works, many of which open this year and into '15 and '16, and the trends that we're seeing, that gives us reason for that confidence. The Las Vegas market here is rising, and MGM's position within the market is growing. Our market share is improving in a growing market. And with the property improvements that we are making, combined with more robust and targeted marketing in social media, we are significantly increasing our market share amongst this growing market. You know that Las Vegas is the #1 trade show destination in the United States. I think we have held that position for about 20 years, and we host about double the top shows of any other city. The key to growing this market will be the collective efforts of driving both the trade show business and the corporate business. And our improvements to our hotel product at Bellagio and MGM, our improvements to our hotel product at The Hotel to Delano and the expansion of our convention center will help drive that business. As you know, we control about half of the rooms that cater to the convention market, and we have a very large percentage of the convention space. And we are the only operator that can provide such a wide variety of rooms and entertainment offerings. And we're finding, through our convention sales efforts, that is a significant competitive advantage. And that is why we believe we're separating from the pack as the best-positioned company to benefit from the recovering corporate and convention business in Las Vegas. We have, we believe, the most talented and respected individuals running this effort, led by Mike Dominguez, who has been working on this very important strategic initiative. He has a great team. They know what they're doing, and the results prove that out. And we believe that you're going to see more opportunities for upside surprises in the future out of the convention side because of our physical superiority and our personnel. In Macau, MGM China, obviously, continues to grow. We've sustained our market share, and we're growing our business. And we will, as Grant has said, more than double our footprint in Macau when Cotai opens in '16. But that is not the end of the story. We are actively pursuing a variety of other potential growth opportunities, so that the smallest in Cotai and in Macau, we believe, will not always be the smallest. We expect to be a growing and larger presence in that exciting market over the ensuing years. And obviously, we have Maryland and Massachusetts to look forward to in the regional markets. And selectively, we're looking at key high-growth opportunities like Japan. And so with that, I'd like to turn it back over to the operator so we can move into the Q&A section of our call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] You do have a question from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: For starters, and then I just have one follow-up. But you guys, obviously, spend a lot of time talking about the convention business and the mix. And I know, Jim, in your remarks, you made reference to the expansion at Mandalay. Could you kind of walk through the cadence of how the mix will change on a year-over-year basis through the rest of the year?
James Joseph Murren: Well, sure. The mix is always the highest in the first quarter, and it will be very strong this quarter as well, and then the weakest quarter is always the third. So the cadence from a convention perspective is likely going to follow the seasonal trend. Strongest in the first quarter, good in the second quarter, weakest in the third and then flat or up in the fourth. That said, I'm excited, we're excited of the fact we just got, what was it, a week ago, Corey? A piece of business for the third quarter. It's a Fortune 100 tech company. It hasn't been to Las Vegas since, I think, 2008, and they've just booked a huge piece of business for the third quarter. I think it's around 17,000 attendees coming just in a piece of business that we didn't expect. So that's -- the in the year, for the year has been our friend this year, and so I don't know how it's going to work out entirely, but it's getting better than we thought.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. That's helpful. And then, Grant, if -- I do hate to ask this in light of the great results that you guys produced, obviously, for this quarter. But clearly, a lot of noise around the Macau market and some struggles that some of the junket community might be having. Is there anything that you can say at this time on that issue?
Grant R. Bowie: I guess, the comment I'd make to start with this comment, it's noise. We continue to see solid performance from our junket operators. I think everybody is looking for things that they are concerned about. But frankly, from our junket operators, things are steady. Yes, it's been a quieter month. But frankly, we've had really 2 or 3 very, very strong months. And I think the biggest issue is that I think we've got to keep reminding ourselves is that the mass market is now getting to that point where it's anchoring most of the operators' EBITDA performance, and we see that as being strong growth. The junkets will always be very important and a key component of our business model. But really -- the focus really now needs to be on the mass market and that strategy that we've talked about for so long, it's really starting to kick in, and that's where the performance is.
James Joseph Murren: Maybe -- Grant, maybe I'd add, just to remind everyone, I think in the first quarter, Grant, 70% of your EBITDA came from mass.
Grant R. Bowie: That's right.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. And so it is -- I think anchoring is a very good way of characterizing that.
Operator: Your next question is from Joe Greff from JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Obviously, the VIP, the junket question over those -- over the last month has been front and center for all you guys, so thank you for clarifying that. With 70% of your EBITDA coming from mass, do you see ways to continue to grow that? I mean, where does that sort of max out or level out at, Grant?
Grant R. Bowie: We've been wondering that question. But frankly, the team here is really solid. The continued focus on extracting every last opportunity is really important. But the other critical point is that the customer flow, the supply chain, is just continuing to be really strong in that mass market. And we are seeing a lot of incremental new play coming in, particularly at the upper end of the market. So we're just very confident, very positive and very pleased with the way that we're executing on the strategy. So we just keep working harder, as we've indicated. And we're looking at redeploying table assets to where we can maximize those opportunities; working closely, again, with the junket operators to improve the yield on their product, just as we've been able to do on our mass. So we still see good continual growth going forward. Critical for me, and I think as we spoke last time you were out, we really want to start building that market presence and getting that footprint in terms of expanding our market penetration as we build out for Cotai. So those are all positives to actually increase it, because market penetration is still relatively low.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And then, Dan, as my follow-up, can you just revisit with us your planned CapEx spend for this year domestically?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes. Here, domestically, Joe, we're anticipating spending about $425 million, which includes our contribution to the arena joint venture as well this year. So nothing has changed from our previous guidance at this point.
James Joseph Murren: And Joe, if I could jump in, Joe, back to Macau. We mentioned the mix of EBITDA for mass. You might not know, but only 45% of our table mix is mass, so 70% of the EBITDA came from mass, but our mix is only 45% tables. But I would have to remind folks another point, too, is that, as you know, this company separately has a joint venture with Diaoyutai. That is a joint venture that's developing and managing hotels in China. So we are literally, as you know, a partner with the Chinese government, with the state department. And we've opened up 2 hotels already, and we have many others underway. A big effort of this is to help develop the Hospitality business in China and to develop a presence in Mainland, China, which we believe tangentially will accrue to the benefit of our mass business in Macau. So I would remind that that's a differentiator that we have versus the other concessionaires is a relatively good and rapidly growing presence in Mainland, China.
Operator: Your next question is from Harry Curtis from Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on Vegas. Can you just talk about -- Jim, you talked about in the year, for the year. I'm assuming that's also -- that it also applies to in the quarter, for the quarter. What's happening with the trend in call volumes from your corporate customers? Is it -- does it seem to be accelerating from here?
James Joseph Murren: It has, it is. You want to take that, Sarah?
Sarah Rogers: Sure. We are seeing, in terms of corporate mix last year, it was about 55%, and that's picking up this year to closer to 60% in terms of bookings, and that's higher margin, particularly in the F&B side.
James Joseph Murren: And one major reason why we are doing this convention expansion in Mandalay is the -- it's the corporate customers that have been really very vocal in telling us that they need more space, and we have the availability of land right there. And we think that's going to have a big impact of more carpeted space, more ballroom space, will drive a lot more F&B and high-margin business.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then my follow-up question is, I think, one of the discussion points for next year is how difficult the comp is going to be for the first quarter of '15. As you look into '15, are you finding some success filling some of the gaps as conventions cycle out? And to what degree do you have some -- how solid are your bookings now for '15 so that you feel confident that this trend that we're seeing, that's beginning to develop in '14 actually follows through to '15?
James Joseph Murren: Well, yes, we did have a great convention citywide, CON/AGG, in the first quarter. But I don't know if we talked about this before, but January, our REVPAR was up 10% and February, REVPAR was up 9%. So if you stripped CON/AGG out entirely, we would've been up around 9% or 10% in the first quarter without that major convention. And obviously, that's much stronger than we had anticipated when we gave the 10% overall guidance, knowing that CON/AGG was going to be there. So yes, we have great in the year, for the year, but we are way ahead of our pace, typically, and we expect a very strong first quarter in 2015.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And Harry, if you look, we're up double digits, on pace [ph] year-over-year, '15 to '14. And when we look at Q1 as of now, we're actually up compared to where we were last year also.
Operator: Your next question is from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: For the Strip, obviously, most of the focus on your REVPAR growth, which is understandable, given the profitability of that business. But I believe gaming is still 40% of your revenue on the Strip. Can you just help us think about your outlook for gaming revenue kind of for the rest of 2014 and beyond? Are you expecting low-single-digit growth, mid-single-digit growth, high-single-digit growth? There's obviously some of the regional operators have tempered expectations for the rest of the year, so just wanted to hear your thoughts on the Strip.
James Joseph Murren: Sure. Our international business remains strong. That was the only bright spot during the recession, and it continues to be a good story for the market and for us. The good news is the national business continues to improve, and you can -- that's evidenced in our slot handle and also our slot win. And also, you see that in our national play when you're looking at some of our non-Baccarat table revenues. We can't predict what our gaming revenue will be going forward, but we can say that more people are coming to Las Vegas. We had a big growth, so far, in visitation to Las Vegas in February. The March numbers are out, I think, today, right, Sarah?
Sarah Rogers: Yes.
James Joseph Murren: Did it come out?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes.
James Joseph Murren: How did we do? Do you know?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: We did well.
James Joseph Murren: Okay, I figured...
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Market share continues to be up for us, so that's a good sign. Even when you strip out, Thomas, the Baccarat numbers, our slot handle and our non-Bacc table game market share continues to grow, and that's a good sign as well. And I'll also point out that what's important on the domestic front is a lot of the events we have in our arenas and our entertainment venues, and that part of the business for the remainder of this year looks exceptionally strong.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And this is a follow-up. There have been some news reports recently about independent properties on the Strip that are potentially up for sale. You obviously still have your stake in CityCenter and The Hotel towers, and the retail section have been talked about potentially being sold in the past. Can you just give us an update on your thoughts there?
James Joseph Murren: Well, there's really no change in our philosophy. We love owning what we own at CityCenter. We wish we owned all of it, and our partner loves owning what it owns. So I think that, that 50-50 JV is going to remain in place for some time to come. The idea of selling pieces of CityCenter like, for example, Crystals, was something that we explored last year. We did not choose to go down that path, and I'm glad we did not because the NOI there continues to grow, and we expect a record year out of Crystals in 2014, and probably better yet next year, Bobby [ph], in 2015. So we're not actively pursuing any divestitures at this point in time on the Las Vegas Strip. And we're also not actively pursuing any acquisitions on the Las Vegas Strip. And to be -- to put a finer point on that, we have no interest in leveraging up this company for an acquisition, nor do we have any interest in diluting the shareholders for an acquisition. We're very happy with what we own. And the fact that we have a lot of EBITDA, a lot of cash flow potential in what we own, as the operating leverage is clearly in our favor. And I think we are going to stay pat for now.
Operator: Your next question is from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jim, maybe to follow up on just that last comment regarding more as it relates to dispositions, but trying to think through -- you continue to see a pretty big delta between the high-end portfolio and the lower end or kind of more value-oriented properties on the Strip? It does seem like both performed well in the first quarter, but can you just give us an update on your thoughts on maybe what you guys are doing to narrow the gap between some of those properties?
James Joseph Murren: Yes, we felt that it was important early on, over the last 3 years, to try to emerge out of the recession to invest in the luxury properties. And if you will look at the composition of our CapEx from, say, 2010 forward, over 80% of our CapEx here on the Strip was in the luxury group, remodeling rooms, upgrading facilities. That, I think, was the right call. And luxury today is about 18%, 20% below its all-time peak cash flows that would've been back in 2007. Core, on the other hand, which represents the other half of our wholly owned rooms, core is down still over 30% off of its peak. And we believe there's opportunities to recapture that cash flow in both core and in luxury. And I think you'll see these kind of CapEx -- efforts at Monte Carlo and New York-New York, along with the park and the arena, will accrue to the benefit of core. Between the 2, there's over $350 million of annual cash flow that we have not yet recaptured. And we have every intention of recapturing that cash flow. And so, if you look forward in 2014 and beyond, you'll see continued targeted investments in some of our luxury properties like the Delano, for example, and other room remodel projects. But you're also going to see us spend money in these core properties, where we believe we can get very superior ROI's through driving incremental traffic into those buildings, particularly, as the citywide improves. The citywide effort is something that we all collectively are working on here in Las Vegas, because that drives a lot of visitation to the core properties that we own and our competitors own. So it's a -- whereas before it was so heavily skewed toward our investments in luxury, which I think worked. Now it'll be balanced between continued investments in luxury and investments in core.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's really helpful color. And I guess, then, to kind of dig a layer deeper. I mean, would you see any opportunity, given the margin disparities in some of those lower-end properties are so much higher, and there's a lot of operating efficiency in this business, any chance to maybe consolidate 1 or 2 of those properties and then recycle the building or sell it off to somebody who may have better use for the property or may be able to give you a pretty decent multiple on the property itself?
James Joseph Murren: Well, I'm not an analyst anymore, but I do think that multiples are going to be rising here. And of course, there are a couple of properties on the market right now, so it'll be interesting to see what they fetch. We're rooting them on. And I think that given the availability of capital and the increasing optimism of Las Vegas as an emerging recovering market, I have to believe you're going to see more interest in people making asset purchases here. And so, we'll always look at that. We're not wedded to anything. But that said, because our database is growing so rapidly in M life, we don't believe that the reduction of property here is necessarily the way we can have to grow our revenues or our productivity in the remaining properties. We feel like we have a far large-enough database to occupy the buildings that we do own. The key for us will be to continue to make these buildings more relevant in the future and invest money that has superior ROIs. The -- when you do what we're doing at Monte Carlo, imagine the traffic difference between Monte Carlo that almost nobody walked into from the Strip, to now, we're getting tens of thousands of people walking into Monte Carlo from the Strip. The same phenomena is occurring at New York-New York. The impact to those buildings will be very profound. And when you build a $350-odd-million arena at 20,000 seats, and we know that we turn away 100 events or so a year, and that we'll be able to control the portfolio of 3 arenas between that, Mandalay and MGM to drive more business, and then working with a powerhouse like AEG to program the plaza that's in front of the arena for festivals, food, wine, music festivals. The amount of foot traffic in that neighborhood is going to go up demonstrably. And that, we believe, will be the story in 2016 and '17. The story this year is, we believe Las Vegas will have a really solid year, all benefit -- all should benefit, particularly the convention-oriented properties. 2015 looks, to us, based on the pace that Corey mentioned, to be even a better year. But in '16, if you go out that far, and you think about capital improvements that we're making. And the strong effort that Caesars has made with The LINQ, which is terrific. And other public spaces, open spaces like our festival lot and other traffic generators, I think you're going to see visitation in Las Vegas much higher than the 40 million people. And we believe that visitation will be 45 million to 50 million people over the next few years, and that will accrue to the home team. And we're, obviously, the home team here.
Operator: Your next question is from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So Jim or Dan, margins at the Bellagio were a lot higher than expected. Just wondering if there's anything specific there? And perhaps you can highlight some other properties that might have shown upside to your expectations in the quarter?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I think, overall, Bellagio's performance was just akin to the power within this property. I mean, there was no singular event or item, really. It's just the power of the pricing in the building, the clientele, and it was just an overall strong quarter for Bellagio. Obviously, Mandalay benefited from the strong event calendar in the first quarter. And you see the power of that building around the convention. I'm really proud of the job that the MGM Grand did this quarter. They were up against an extremely tough hold comparison on the casino side and still improved ever so slightly year-over-year with the strength of the non-casino component. So we did touch less in terms of our overall hold year-over-year, but the performance across the board was pretty strong. And there was really nothing in any of the Strip properties that, one way or another, that stands out within that.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, helpful. And then...
James Joseph Murren: I'm sorry, I was just going to remind everyone, our FTEs are flat. We know what our expenses are, both in terms of payroll and non-payroll-related expenses. And obviously, our revenue, the story is a revenue growth. Our revenues are growing. And that flow-through Dan mentioned, even with a slightly lower hold year-over-year, accrues to the benefit of properties like Bellagio and Mandalay and MGM.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then just on ARIA, was the only driver of the lower year-over-year revenues the hold, the lower hold?
James Joseph Murren: Yes.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes.
James Joseph Murren: Everything else was up.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, Jim, just moving to your regional development program, just wondering if you could touch on that, provide us an update on your progress on the various projects. And have you seen any change in the budgets there?
James Joseph Murren: Well, first in Maryland, I was just there last week. Bill, you were there a week before.
William Joseph Hornbuckle: I was.
James Joseph Murren: We're right on track. We expect to break ground there this summer and maybe in a couple of months, right, Bill? July or August?
William Joseph Hornbuckle: Yes.
James Joseph Murren: And we're still on track. We're working through with the county, which has been a very constructive, good process. In the meantime, we've been -- primarily Bill and the team, they've been working on design and development and programming with Lorenzo Creighton, who, of course, is the President of that property. And the budget hasn't changed. We've talked about the $1 billion budget, plus or minus. And we've also -- I've said that I think it's going to be the most profitable non-Las Vegas commercial casino resort in the United States, and we have an over/under over here, and I've got the over. I won't tell you the number, but I got the over. So we're very, very, very excited about that. The development work and the land assemblage is really apace in Springfield. But as I said earlier, we're really waiting on what happens with that repeal referendum position. And we won't know that, Bill, until...?
William Joseph Hornbuckle: June 13 is the scheduled, hopefully, award for us in Mass. We go before the commission on June 13. And then, the Supreme Court needs to rule before July 9 because that's the final submission date to put something on the ballot in November. So if the Supreme Court does not let the referendum go forward, we'll be in motion within 30 days shortly thereafter. Obviously, if it goes forward all the way to November 6 or 7, whatever election day is, we'll have to wait and see the results of that come November.
James Joseph Murren: And one thing I should mention on that is that we're preparing for this growth. And I think we put out a press release -- I know we put it out internally. I hope it went out to the public as well, is we capped [ph] Anton Nikodemus, who has -- was the head of -- President of Monte Carlo and then ran Casino Marketing. He has the role of COO of our Regional Resorts. So Anton not only now overseas Detroit and Mississippi, working with George Corchis down there in our Southern operations, but also this effort in Maryland and in Massachusetts. So we've developed the architecture -- the management architecture to grow this company. And Anton, we're excited for him, and he's the right person to do this. So we're -- no change in budgets, no real change in timetable, but for the uncertainty that's outside our control in Massachusetts. And really, that has been our focus in the United States on the regional side has been really only on those 2 markets.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And are you willing at all to opine on the success or failure of the repeal the deal effort?
James Joseph Murren: No, I'm not -- I hardly know what I'm going to do today. I don't know what's going to happen then. All right, Bill's willing to opine...
William Joseph Hornbuckle: We track polls, and it is polling favorably. We hope and believe it's a bad question, the Supreme Court will take that action and shoot it down. But if it doesn't, to date it's pooling favorably, meaning gaming can improve...
James Joseph Murren: Yes, correct. So let's see what happens.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Wieczynski from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: So Jim, a question about M life. You talked about how well that is going. But is there any way you can -- I don't know if you can quantify this or maybe just walk me through. So your tiers in terms of somebody in Sapphire or Pearl, have you started to see guys move up that ladder, basically meaning use your program in terms of a tiered program making people or helping people -- I guess that's not the right word -- but start to show improved visits or spend per visit?
James Joseph Murren: Yes, I'll turn that over to Bill.
William Joseph Hornbuckle: Yes. Interestingly, maybe not as much from Sapphire to Pearl, where we've seen single-digit transition, but most notably at the higher end, in the Platinum, which is just short of our top-end NOIR. We've seen double-digits now for several quarters, 11%, 12%, where people are migrating up into that region. Remembering a little over a year ago, we began to recognize non-gaming spend because it's such a big part of our portfolio, particularly here in Las Vegas. And so it's paid significant dividends, and I think we can see it in the overall results. But again, the higher end is double-digit growth in terms of transition upwards.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, Jim, going back to your comments about Maryland. I guess, what gives you so much confidence in that property? Is it the location? Is it the demographic of D.C. and Northern Virginia? And how do you overcome the -- Maryland's ridiculous tax rate?
James Joseph Murren: Well, we'll start with the region itself. You have -- when we were -- to try to find a destination that could be more than just a local destination, we'd look at where the airports are, so you have not 1 but 3 airports within a very easy drive. And of course, Southwest is the biggest partner to BWI and our biggest partner here in Las Vegas. You would look toward what are the national, international draws and being 13 miles from our nation's capital is about as good a draw as you can get, particularly for international customers. We have done quite a bit of work on the demographic population of the resident population in Maryland, Virginia, the District and that's highly affluent, highly diverse, high propensity to game market. We do not believe Virginia will have gaming, probably in my lifetime, and I want to live a long time. And we've seen the results from Maryland Live!, which are well-publicized. We have never seen a location, specifically at National Harbor, where the vehicular circulation is so conducive to easy travel, coming over the Woodrow Wilson Bridge from Virginia, circulating around the interstate system, being able to park very conveniently and have a multiple of amenities already in place at National Harbor with Gaylord, with the attractions that The Peterson Companies have already developed. So it's a combination of knowing a bit about the market based on a long history of gaming in the region, the knowledge that we are the sole license holder in Prince George's County, and that it will be the last casino license in the state of Maryland. The results from Charles Town, West Virginia, which are publicized by that public company and the knowledge that so many of their customers are coming from Maryland or Virginia that will far more conveniently want to go to a beautiful resort like we're going to build at National Harbor. We have a high degree of confidence knowing everything that we know about the market and also knowing about the very strong regulatory regime in the state of Maryland. The State Lottery Commission runs one of the best gaming commissions in the United States. All of that factors into my confidence for a very strong operating performance.
Operator: Your next question is from Steven Kent from Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a small question. The investment for the park in Las Vegas, can you just give us a little bit of how you think of the return thresholds on investments like that and compare that to some of the other opportunities you have out there?
James Joseph Murren: Sure, Steve. The -- I'll take that one because these guys tease me because we're spending more money on pavers than they think we should. The park itself, in and of itself, we think, will generate a reasonably good return by virtue of the fact there'll be 80,000 square feet of food and beverage anchoring the park, both on the Monte Carlo side and on the New York-New York side. So in addition to Shake Shack, which I mentioned earlier, there'll be a beer garden. Robert Mondavi, Jr. is doing a big wine restaurant. Cuba Libre will be over on the Monte Carlo side. We have Dirk's [ph] over there as well, country music, and we're going to expand the Diablo space to wrap around Monte Carlo. So we can understand through those tenants that we're providing the corn [ph] shell, they're putting in the capital what the cash flows will be for MGM Resorts by virtue of that. We can hypothesize about the foot traffic that will accrue to the west side of the Strip by virtue of the vastly improved circulation at Monte Carlo and at New York-New York. And the traffic counts that we're conducting daily now are evidence that that's working. That this high-quality open space that creates a great pedestrian experience is encouraging people to walk along that boulevard on our side, and we're seeing F&B and gaming revenues as a result of that. We have done an ROI on the arena itself, the $350-odd-million arena. And AEG and MGM are comfortable with the ROI of that arena. And so, it's a combination of anticipating the traffic in that neighborhood to those adjacent resorts and the F&B that we're adding. That said, we're spending a substantial amount of money in the park to create the kind of environment that does not exist here in Las Vegas today, a beautiful desert park that will be fun during the day and at night as a social gathering place, and based on the fact that we know demographically here in Las Vegas that the average age of people coming here has declined by 5 years in only the last 5 years. So 5 years ago, the average age was 51 years old. It's 46 today, and it's still falling. That's great news for Las Vegas. And we have a very good feeling for what those customers are looking for, particularly the millennials, the 18-to-like-30 year olds, that are going to represent about 50% of U.S. travel by 2020. They don't want to be cooped up inside a resort. They want to -- they are spontaneous. They want to experiment. They want to zoom in and out of places. They want to collect experiences, and they're looking for these type of environments. That's what they do when they travel. And we see this also with our international customers that are 18% of Las Vegas' visitors today on its way to probably 25%. They're used to these public spaces, piazzas or plazas or hanging out urban parks. So we're very, very strong on this point. We believe that this is a dynamic change for Las Vegas. And we'll know in a couple of years if we're as right as we think we are. But the early numbers out of New York-New York and Monte Carlo, and I think the success of The LINQ, which I'm very confident will be a big success, and these festival lots that we are developing at relatively little capital, but huge traffic-generators, will be the reason why Las Vegas, along with the convention business we talked about earlier, will be the reason why Las Vegas continues to grow its visitation.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And I would add, Steve, that between the arena and park, it will make New York-New York and Monte Carlo stickier and more demand, especially on event weekends. So I would expect to see the ADRs being able to go up there when that project's complete.
Operator: Your next question is from Cameron McKnight from Wells Fargo.
Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A question for Jim or Corey. As we look out to the second quarter and think about your 5% REVPAR guidance, when we look at our survey data, clearly, April has been impacted by the timing shift of Easter, but we're seeing strength in May and June, and we're seeing trends accelerate. Just wondering if you could give us some additional color there.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Cameron, I think that's accurate. I think April was challenged a little bit with Easter. May does look very good, very strong, very similar to what we saw in some of the first quarter months outside of CONEXPO. And then June, it's a usual month and there'll be pockets where we'll be able to have some decent rates, but it's in between Father's Day and graduations, we have hits and misses there.
Sarah Rogers: Thank you very much.
James Joseph Murren: All right. Thank you, all, for joining us. And as always, if you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to any of us. Thank you for joining.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. At this time, you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer James Joseph Murren - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Grant R. Bowie - President William Joseph Hornbuckle - President and Chief Marketing Officer Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Joel H. Simkins - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robert J. Shore - Union Gaming Research, LLC David Bain - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Kevin Coyne - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Richard A. Hightower - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are: Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Grant Bowie, Chief Executive Officer of MGM China Holdings, Limited. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn the call over to Dan D'Arrigo.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Ginger, and good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts fourth quarter earnings call. We also have on the line with us today, Bill Hornbuckle, our President; and Corey Sanders, our Chief Operating Officer. So good morning, everyone. Before turning it over to Jim, let me go through our prepared remarks here. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and a replay of the call will be made available on our website. We furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning as well. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions under the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim Murren.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you Dan, and good morning, everyone. And for Grant in Macau and Bill and I in Japan, good evening. We are very proud of what we accomplished in 2013. And as we reflect upon those accomplishments, I have to say that I'm very proud to report that our revenues grew 7% and our EBITDA grew 18%. We closed the year with a very solid fourth quarter. Our fourth quarter revenues were up 10% year-over-year and our EBITDA grew 21%, driven by growth at our Las Vegas Strip properties and record quarters at MGM China and at CityCenter. We think these results are a reflection of good operating management and the employee dedication that we have to executing on our company's goals, both for revenue and for cost containment. And as you know, we have significant operating leverage in the recovering economy that we have. Today, MGM China announced a special dividend of $500 million and will also recommend a $128 million final dividend as part of our regular dividend policy. MGM Resorts International as a 51% shareholder will receive approximately $320 million from these dividends. 2013 was truly a great year for MGM. I recall about this time last year, we had said that 2013 would be really a new era for MGM Resorts International, transforming a company that was recovering through the recession to a company that was growing through an improving economy. That is what we have done. And I'd like to take a moment to give a few highlights in the year and what we see that we have ahead. We do continue to perform financially. We received -- achieved record results at CityCenter and at MGM China in 2013 and our U.S. wholly-owned operations, for them, it was their best EBITDA quarter and year in 5 years. We continue to enhance our existing portfolio of Strip properties. Our new Strip frontage at New York-New York and Monte Carlo will be completed in the first half of this year, and we are well underway with the design and development of a park between those 2 properties that will highlight some pretty spectacular entertainment and food and beverage options. And that park experience will lead up to what we believe will be one of the country's best arenas, which we are building in partnership with AEG, and that is expected to be completed in 2016. The remodel of The Hotel into the Delano will begin in April, and that is expected to be completed by September. Our new loyalty program, as you know, M life, has fulfilled all of our goals in 2013 by both increasing active members in our database, shifting customers from the leisure channel to direct customers, and our partners are driving tens of thousands of room nights each quarter. myVegas, our social gaming app, has also been a great success. myVegas mobile recently hit #1 for casino apps in the iTunes App Store and, importantly, myVegas has proven its ability to convert its players to consumers of our Las Vegas resorts as over 80,000 players visited an MGM property in 2013. We are well underway in the construction of our second resort in the world's largest gaming market. We've completed the de-piling and the majority of the conventional piling and site work in the MGM Cotai in 2013. And early this year, we began work on the basement substructure. We've been devoting our time to the design, the development and the bidding of all of the work for our Cotai resort, and we have concluded that we will increase the scope and the complexity of our entertainment offerings and make several upgrades to key consumer experiences. That, combined with some market cost increases, has led us to increase our project cost from what we have announced previously of $2.6 billion to $2.9 billion. The boards at MGM China and MGM Resorts are extremely excited about these improvements and changes. And we know that MGM Cotai, when it opens in early 2016, will be the success that we believe it can be. We won an exclusive license to operate a casino in Prince George's County in Maryland. We have designed what we truly believe to be a great resort and a casino for Maryland. And we look forward to breaking ground in a few months and opening in 2016. We were also selected by the City of Springfield and had a successful local referendum. We were found suitable for a license in the western zone of Massachusetts, and we remain very excited about the opportunity for a Downtown Revitalization project in Springfield. We await a decision and the awarding of that license this year. And we continue to pursue further international expansion opportunities, including, of course, Japan and South Korea. Here in Japan, I'm happy to say that, that MGM team has being very warmly received by the business community and the public. We will continue to, as we have for a number of years, work hard here, and believe that our prospects are as good as anyone who has shown an interest in Japan. With all that we have accomplished in 2013, I really expect to see even further improvements in this year, 2014. We're seeing extremely strong convention market in Las Vegas in 2014 with improving corporate business. We're seeing continued growth in Asia. And we have set out expansion plans in a handful of key geographies with, we believe, very attractive demographics. And so with that, I'd like to turn it back over to Dan to talk about our operating results and financial position.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Thanks, Jim. I'm pleased to say that we have delivered on a nice track record of improved operations as this is our fifth consecutive quarter of year-over-year Strip EBITDA growth and margin improvement. On the Las Vegas Strip, our revenues were up 2% and EBITDA was up 6%. Our flow-through was a bit better than our expectations, due to strong collection efforts, which have been consistent throughout the year, continued refinements to our M life program and a change to our employee vacation policy and accrual. As a result, Strip flow-through was approximately 70% in the quarter, above our 50% to 60% target. Despite the strong performance in Las Vegas, our regional properties have been impacted by severe weather and other market pressures, as evidenced by a 2% revenue decline during the quarter. However, the cash flow of these properties did benefit from a few items during the quarter. Our fourth quarter Strip REVPAR increased by 1% year-over-year, slightly better than our guidance, as we were able to book more in the quarter for the quarter convention room nights, which allowed us to drive room rates. In the first quarter, as Jim mentioned, we're seeing accelerating trends driven by an improving convention booking. We expect our convention mix in the first quarter to be approximately 22%, which is near peak levels for any first quarter prior. Given the strong convention bookings in the first quarter, we expect REVPAR to be up approximately 10% year-over-year. For the full year, we continue to expect to see our convention mix increase by about 100 basis points to approximately 15.5%, 16%, which is also beginning to approach prior peak levels. CityCenter resort operations had its best quarter and year ever, with EBITDA of $93 million for the fourth quarter and $316 million for 2013. ARIA's fourth quarter EBITDA was $77 million, up 42% year-over-year. EBITDA was positively affected by approximately $6 million related to a higher hold percentage when compared to the prior year quarter. Total table games hold was 26% in the current quarter compared to about 23.9% in the prior year. Hotel revenue increased 4% during Q4, driven primarily by increased rate, while food and beverage revenue increased 11%, driven by higher convention and banquet revenue and continued increases in volume at our buffet. Crystals continues to produce record results, up 13% compared to prior year's quarter. And we've added a few more tenants, and look forward to bringing on a few more in the current calendar year. We continue to have solid sales results on the remaining residential inventory. During the fourth quarter, we sold 11 units at Mandarin Oriental, generating approximately $12 million of revenue, and 2014 sales are off to a strong start with 18 units closed in January alone. Switching gears over to the balance sheet. At year end and basically now, we have about $1.2 billion in available liquidity under our corporate revolver and MGM China has approximately $1.45 billion in availability under their revolver. Our balance sheet at the end of the year on the cash side was about $1.8 billion, of which approximately $1 billion was at MGM China. During the fourth quarter, we spent approximately $127 million in capital related to our domestic operations. Our full year 2013 CapEx related to domestic operations was approximately $324 million, in line with our guidance. During the fourth quarter, MGM China spent $4 million at MGM Macau and approximately $51 million on our MGM Cotai development. For the year, we spent approximately $35 million on MGM Macau and roughly $204 million on MGM Cotai. To help with your modeling and looking forward into 2014, we expect our CapEx at our wholly-owned domestic resorts to be approximately $350 million. In addition, we plan to spend up to $75 million on our share of our investment in our Las Vegas arena joint venture with AEG. And at MGM Maryland, once we have all requisite construction approvals, the company could spend approximately $170 million, 1-7-0, on development cost this year. MGM China will spend about $70 million at MGM Macau and another approximately $500 million this year on our development efforts in Cotai, which, as previously stated, excludes the land, cap interest and development fees. With that, I'll turn it over to Grant Bowie.
Grant R. Bowie: Well, thanks, Dan. 2013 has turned out to be another landmark year for MGM China as we achieved strong financial results by growing our business in every segment while, at the same time, effectively managing costs. We ended the year on a high note, with the fourth quarter being a record. Net revenue was up 27% to $926 million and property EBITDA was $238 million, a 35% increase year-over-year. EBITDA margin was stable at 25.7%, as maintaining profitability is one of our key operating objectives as we've spoken about on many locations. VIP turnover increased by 32% year-over-year. And we continue to actively manage our VIP business and maximize table productivity. Our overall VIP hold for the quarter was approximately 2.8%, which is down slightly compared to the prior year at 2.9%. We're also able to drive main floor table volumes up 12% and revenue by 18% year-over-year. Slot handle also increased by 16% during the fourth quarter. In terms of product enhancement, we continue to work on remodeling and refurbishing our property. At the same time, we are also working on developing technology solutions to help us deliver more personalized and precise marketing efforts to our customers. And our ongoing efforts to maximize profitability, we continuously review the table and slot mix on the gaming floor and across different business segments. This year, people can expect to see a prominent presence of MGM China across our marketing channels. This will include, and will not be limited to, significant expansion in M life, our company-wide customer recognition program. M life will certainly be a catalyst for expanding our footprint and awareness throughout China. MGM Cotai is well underway, as Jim mentioned. I was out there yesterday, and it was -- truly, a monumental project is underway. And we're excited to see the commencement of the basement and the construction -- and the tower construction, along with the ongoing development of our interior designs. We're also progressing a number of exciting ideas for cutting-edge entertainment and interactive technology, as Jim indicated, and once the 1,600-room hotel, 500-table casino with 2,500 slots is completed in early 2016, I certainly know that we're all going to be very excited from the results that, that will generate. With that, I'd like to turn back to Jim for his closing remarks.
James Joseph Murren: Why, thank you, Grant, and I just want to say a few final points. We're happy to say that this year is off to a strong start. Chinese New Year was a very successful holiday in both Macau and in Las Vegas. And despite the pretty rugged weather in the United States that has put a damper on some U.S. travel, we had a great CES show and, in fact, a very strong convention month in January, another strong month in February, a successful Super Bowl weekend and March looks quite promising. Las Vegas is truly recovering. MGM China continues to grow. Our balance sheet has improved dramatically. And we are working towards these several exciting projects, which we believe will accrue to the value and benefit of our shareholders. Our goal continues to improve our free cash flow and to combine that operating free cash flow with our distributions from abroad and continue to rapidly deleverage our balance sheet as we grow our top and bottom line. We continue to look strategically for a handful of high-return, high-value growth opportunities. And we believe we have found those in the United States, in Maryland, in Massachusetts, and we're actively seeking those overseas. We are excited for our future at MGM, and we are quite proud of our accomplishments, and look forward to working hard to achieve more in the future. And with that, I turn it over to the operator. We can move into Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jim, since you and Bill are on the ground in Japan, maybe we could just start there because of the -- kind of the timing of that. But could you just give us your thoughts about what you guys are hearing from your very latest conversations on the ground as it relates to the possibility for legislation in the market, the timing that you guys are hearing back and maybe, specifically, the partnership requirement that we continue to hear back on.
James Joseph Murren: Bill, do you want to tackle that or do you want me to take it?
William Joseph Hornbuckle: Yes, maybe I'd kick it off. Things remain on track. We're hopeful that either April or May, legislation enabling will come out. The process will ensue from there. We anticipate about a year to get the regulatory regime put in play. And from there, hopefully, we're off to the races with the RFP process. In terms of partnerships and basically a consortium, we also continue to hear that it will be somewhat of a requirement or at least an expectation. And I think we're working hard now on the ground trying to put together the right consortium, whether it be Tokyo, Osaka or frankly, anywhere in the greater Japan area or Japan.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And then Jim, obviously, your comments around the Las Vegas operating environment were pretty bullish. Could you just give us your thoughts on -- one of the consistent questions we get from investors is, beyond the robust first quarter, which is obviously going to benefit from the return of the CONEXPO. How do you think about the remainder of the year? It does sound like, overall, the trend is positive, but what are you seeing in your bookings and kind of the forward calendar for Q2 through Q4 that gives you some of the confidence that I think you showed us?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, Shaun, maybe Corey and I will tackle that. I think the important thing to focus on is, for the entire year, our convention mix looks pretty strong. As I mentioned earlier, we're going to be up about 100 basis points, we believe, in terms of that convention mix. And more importantly, the quality of the convention mix is continuing to improve with industries and corporates coming back into the fold, not only is it a better customer in our business throughout the full calendar year this year, but we pick up higher banquet spending, catering spending and restaurant food and beverage spending throughout. So the first quarter is strong clearly, as it always is from a convention calendar standpoint, but the rest of the year is looking to be up as well. And as I mentioned, we're approaching that prior peak level in terms of our convention room mix. And maybe I'll see if Corey has anything he wanted to add.
Corey I. Sanders: Shaun, the other thing I would add is, not only does it feel good, but the attrition coming in lower now. We're seeing pickup in the quarter for the quarter, and we're actually seeing positive room nights each quarter of booking compared to what we had on budget, which we haven't seen in the past. So all in all, I think the tone is very positive from a convention side for the remainder of 2014.
Operator: Your next question is from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a follow-up on that. Obviously, you think you're going to see REVPAR growth for the remainder of the year. Just wondering, for the last 3 quarters, is that kind of in the low-single digit range? Or kind of more mid, given your recent comments about the convention mix?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Felicia, this is Dan. I don't recall any of us giving REVPAR guidance for the remainder of the 3 quarters. We feel good about the remainder of the year. Our booking window, as we've always stated, in Las Vegas has always been a relatively short one in that kind of 60 to 90-day booking window. The convention business is the data point. We have -- that's the best long term data point we have. And that's looking very good throughout the course of 2014. But as we always do, we'll give quarterly guidance at a time and -- but we do feel good about the remainder of the year.
James Joseph Murren: Dan, can I add to that a little bit?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure.
James Joseph Murren: I think we're partly responsible for this fixation over the discussion of CON/AGG. We did bring it up at the last, I think the last 2 conference calls, as we were excited for it to occur. I think it's important to note that we haven't even had it yet, and we had a tremendously strong January. I'm thinking about one convention in particular, say, like for example, Corey, SURFACES. SURFACES is a convention that comes in -- basically anything that goes on a surface, wallcoverings, carpeting, tile, et cetera, and they had a tremendously strong convention here in Las Vegas in January. RE/MAX is obviously a good indicator of what's going on in real estate, large attendees. So we feel that -- what we've seen so far, 2/3 into the quarter just about, and what we have seen from an in the year for the year, that we feel more confident about REVPAR than we did before. We do know the first quarter is a particularly strong one. We don't know for sure how the rest of the year is going to turn out, but we were very heartened by the amount of convention business we've seen thus far.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's really helpful color. And then just on flow-through. Dan, you gave us some good color about what benefited margins in the quarter. First, just wondering if there was any kind of hold benefits that we should think about? But also just thinking about the rest of the year, do you expect to see that kind of flow-through that we saw this quarter -- this past quarter?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, I mean, from a flow-through, we still kind of project in that kind of 50% to 60% range as where our goal is going forward. Hold was actually down a touch year-over-year in the fourth quarter. So there was no real benefit overall to the wholly-owned properties from a hold perspective. It actually went against us a little bit in the fourth quarter, except for -- on a property basis, except for that ARIA piece that I mentioned earlier.
Operator: Your next question is from Joe Greff from JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Grant, a question for you in Macau. Looking at the early results for the first quarter in January, and not only fixated looking at market share, but rather the absolute level of revenues and cash flow. But looking at the first quarter and looking at January's results on the math side, you had a nice bump up in market share, is there anything there that's onetime? Are you doing things differently? Is that a sustainable trend? If you can help us understand that, that would be great.
Grant R. Bowie: Sure. I think the critical point is your comment, it's about the real quantum as opposed to share because I think we all accept that the share moves around. We are very confident that we're just simply continuing to execute our strategy in terms of maximizing the retention of customers, reactivation, and obviously, acquisition. We're very positive about the trends we are seeing. We are continuing to do a range of activities to, obviously, lock in those opportunities. So in simple terms, I'm pretty confident that it's sustainable because I know that it's being driven by a lot of hard work and a lot of detailed effort being put in.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then sticking with the Macau topic and something that has investors talking about this morning and last night is about the casino license renewal process in Macau and just leaving it very broad. I know there've been comments in the press by certain people in Macau government, but can you give us your views on this potential new 5-year licensing cycle? And maybe what some of the discussions you've had to date with the government. I know it's early, but if you can give us some perspective, that would be great.
Grant R. Bowie: Well, what I'd like to say first is that the Macau government has been very clear that they haven't made any determination or haven't given any indication of any change to any of the current regimes, and I think Secretary Tam reaffirmed that today. This, I think, strange comment about the 5 years, I think, it's just a misunderstanding yet again. That's been very clear for quite some time. When this issue came up last time, under the Macau law, the Chief Executive does have the prerogative to be able to extend any concession, not just gaming concessions, but any concessions for an additional 5 years. And I would say that he would reserve that prerogative as it applies to gaming concessions. So I think it's really important that there is no change, nothing is altered. The Macau government continues to reaffirm that they will look at these issues into the future, but they've also reaffirmed that they're very comfortable with the system in place and the concession holders that are in place at this point in time.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And then if I could have one final question since it's an MGM call, it's a question about Las Vegas. Dan, with REVPAR up 10% and presuming some of that is occupancy and volumes, do you see a drastically dissimilar operating expense relationship between, say, this year with volumes up and last year?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, I think, overall, Joe, as we continue to move more into our convention mix, we think that gives us a pretty good ability midweek to drive some incremental food and beverage productivity, as well as, obviously, the hotel rates, we can get midweek versus the leisure channel, as we stated before, are typically up in a range of $50 to $70 different from the leisure channel. So that clearly will help us from the perspective of driving that flow-through in the incremental cash flows into the buildings. On the operating expense side, we think they'll be relatively in check in 2014. We've -- Corey and the team successfully negotiated the new union contracts, and we know what that is going forward. We have a pretty good handle on the rest of our expense line items and continue to find ways, whether it's through shared services or other venues to take cost out of the system and kind of neutralize any sort of cost creep. And we think we'll be successful at that as well in 2014. So I think we're pretty well positioned. We did have some very strong casino collections throughout 2013, which is attributable to our marketing team and the efforts of Bill and Anton and the group there. That clearly benefited 2013, but we think we've got an equally good chance here in 2014 as well.
Corey I. Sanders: And Joe, I would add that, yes, the REVPAR is going up. Most of that REVPAR growth will come from rate.
Operator: Your next question is from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Guys, just focusing on Strip REVPAR a little bit more, sorry. But recognizing you guys have a very short booking window, I mean, I guess, the concern we get from people is that once 2014 is over and you've had this really strong convention year and a tough comp, how will 2015 and beyond look? So any thoughts there would be helpful.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, I think, Thomas, this is Dan. Corey and I will tackle that as best as we can. But I think when you look at it, clearly, this allows us to establish a base throughout all of our channels in terms of pricing and 2014 is going to be better than '13, and we're going to set the stage for 2015 to be better than '14. So it is something that the team is focused on. The Las Vegas market, particularly in the convention market, on a relative basis versus our peer markets is a great value from not just a rate standpoint, but from a one-stop shopping perspective and what we have to offer vis–à–vis other markets. So this is, in my mind, a stepping stone to a better rate environment as we look to go forward and book more conventions in '15 and '16.
Corey I. Sanders: And we've grown REVPAR multiple quarters in a row. Our convention pace for '15, '16 and '17 all look above where they were prior year for the previous years. The other, I think, positive sign is the airlift that is beginning to increase both nationally and internationally. And you saw 2% increases the last few months coming out of McCarran. Those are big deals to bring other visitors, other than convention customers, into the business. So things look positive in Las Vegas.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Corey, did you see that WestJet just added another 18 flights to Las Vegas?
Corey I. Sanders: Yes, they did. They are already 1 million -- they're already flying over 1 million Canadians at year end, so that will just increase it.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. Just some more clarity about that convention pace of 2015 to 2017. I mean, can you read into it now? And maybe, if you strip out CON/AGG, does it look like things -- there's positive growth so far in 2015 versus 2014?
Corey I. Sanders: Well, when we look at the pace of CON/AGG in prior year, so for us to be up, I think that's a sign that bookings continue to be strong. Everything we get from the convention planners and meeting planners, which are good resources, by the way, are all positive. And it only keeps getting our occupancy to the levels that we're looking to, to be able to raise our ADRs.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And Thomas, maybe as an example. Obviously, CON/AGG is getting a lot of airtime here, but when we look back to 3 years ago when the show was last in town, obviously, we grew REVPAR pretty strong in that first quarter. I think it was up some 15%, 16%. But maybe more importantly, when you look at the following year, first quarter, we still grew REVPAR by about another 4% off that higher base. And that's what I mean about the stepping stone ability to start pricing into those channels higher as we continue to recover. We're not fully recovered in terms of rate versus those '05, '06, '07 rate periods, but again, this is the ability to start getting back some of that rate back into the system.
Operator: Your next question is from Harry Curtis from Nomura Securities.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: You guys would be disappointed if I didn't jump on the bandwagon here on 2014 rate. In the last quarter, I believe you made a comment that your group booking pace was up about -- in the mid-single digits in the back 3 quarters. And what I'm trying to get a sense of is, just in the last 3 months, has that group booking pace or your production level gotten sequentially better for the back 3 quarters of '14?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, I mean, obviously, as we put more on the books, that hurdle as we move forward starts to diminish as we lap the time period, but we still feel comfortable with the pace of bookings in the remaining 3 quarters of the year. And there's still some more work to do, say, in the fourth quarter in and around the holiday period. But overall, we feel very confident in our ability to meet or exceed the prior year levels.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And are you getting any color from your group meeting planners about the competitiveness of your rate and the attractiveness of Vegas versus some of the other options that they have?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Corey, do you want to take them?
Corey I. Sanders: I haven't heard a lot of that, Harry. I do know that we're getting our fair share of the business more than our fair share of the business. We haven't heard anyone out there going after us to the point where we're losing business elsewhere.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I'm actually thinking about it in the opposite way, that you're taking business. Okay, and then just a housekeeping item, you had mentioned strong collection efforts, did that lead to any reversal of reserves? Or any lower provision in the fourth quarter? And how sustainable might that be if it, in fact, happened?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: There was some reversals because I can think of -- without getting into specifics, there were some items that have been sitting on the books for the past couple of years that were fully reserved, and we actually collected. That customers came in, in 2013. So it does happen from time to time. There was some benefit throughout all of '13 on that front. And we feel we're in pretty good shape in terms of our overall receivables and our reserves against that receivable.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So for '14, you don't see any of that creeping back in?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: No, we wouldn't expect it. Obviously, we'll let the markets kind of decide, but we don't anticipate that at this point.
Operator: Your next question is from Joel Simkins from Crédit Suisse.
Joel H. Simkins - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I promise, no convention questions. Had a question though on the CapEx, the incremental of $300 million of invested for Cotai. Can you just give us a sense of sort of where that capital might go? Is it dragon boats and gondolas? Or is it really going to be sort of ROI-generating opportunities that you see potentially in the building?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Jim, did you want to take that one?
James Joseph Murren: Well, I'll take some and turn it over to Grant. We have -- we spent a lot of time inside of the resort. We know the overall square footage. We know most of the programming and the exterior. We've been working a lot on the interior to create experiences that people just have to see. And we've come up with some of that program, and it's going to cost a bit more money. So one aspect is on the programming of entertainment. The second is the development of The Mansion product that has been so successful for us in Las Vegas and trying to achieve a higher bar for that type of ultra-luxury, high-end product. And we feel like we've come up with the right plan, and that added to the cost. There has been some market increases, so there has been escalation in labor and some materials as well. That factors into it. But primarily, we would focus on the content inside the building and the confidence that we have now that we have bid out so much of the project and have a very, very firm understanding of what the actual end costs will be.
Joel H. Simkins - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And if I may, one other follow up, I don't know if Grant was going to jump in on that. But in terms of -- turning to Vegas very quickly, just what are you guys seeing in terms of the ancillary entertainment side of the business, nightclub business for 2014? Obviously, you've got a couple of new things coming online this year, you've had a lot of success with Hakkasan. Just curious on what do you expect from that segment this year?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Rey, do you want to take that one?
Corey I. Sanders: I think it will just -- it just continues to grow, both the nightclubs and the day pools. I think what you're going to start seeing are other entertainment experiences that people are looking for, whether they're food and beverage and flash entertainment concepts will evolve, but everything we're hearing from our operators and what we're seeing are very positive in that sector.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Kent from Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions. One, I don't know if you actually said what the use of the cash flow from the MGM China dividend, MGM Resorts, how that would actually flow through? And then maybe just talk more broadly -- and maybe this is for Corey, any disparity between the higher end and the lower end properties or players in the Las Vegas market?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure, Steve, this is Dan. I'll take the first piece. And our 51% share of the dividends that we receive, we'll use in this interim period to pay down debt. And we anticipate to do that throughout 2014 as we begin to kind of set the stage for the development projects we have in '15. And that will ultimately come online in '16. So the goal there will continue to be to improve the balance sheet with those distributions and reinvest dollars back into our existing resorts and our growth opportunities.
Corey I. Sanders: And then, Steve, on the spend, the luxury properties continue to see a pretty good customer, and we continue to see them improve their spending. For example, Bellagio had their best slot fourth quarter ever. So the luxury properties have some pretty good strength. The core properties, when that convention base isn't there, they continue to be challenged on consumer spend. But when it is in here, they're able to get a higher quality customer in their hotel. And we see that spend -- the correlation between the ADR and spend is definitely there.
Operator: Your next question is from Robert Shore from Union Gaming Group.
Robert J. Shore - Union Gaming Research, LLC: Guys, just had a quick question on Las Vegas. Aside from the arena and the Monte Carlo, New York-New York renovations, are there any other assets that could be up next for reprogramming here in Las Vegas?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, I mean, Robert, this is Dan. And we are looking at a few different options in regards -- in partnering up with some landholdings we have here that could be intriguing to drive more events into it. I think as we look forward beyond the New York-New York and kind of Monte Carlo improvement. Monte Carlo, in and of itself, could be a very interesting property as it will be sitting center stage between all of our asset holdings and has a tremendous amount of upside potential as we look at its location, its product offerings and what it could be in the future. So we're going to continue to look at opportunities at our existing buildings. You can rest assured that we're not looking to add more room inventory into the marketplace. Right now, it's all about how do we drive more foot traffic into our buildings, in the Mandalay, Luxor, kind of Excalibur property collectively, is also something that we'll be looking at longer term from a development standpoint. As Jim mentioned earlier, the Delano will start -- The Hotel will start its conversion into the Delano in April and finish up in the September timeframe this year. So that, too, will be a new branding and product offering that we'll have towards the back half of this year.
James Joseph Murren: And Dan, if I could just add to that, for those of you that have come out to Las Vegas and most of you do. If you haven't been out in a few months, you just really won't believe that the changes that are occurring right now at New York-New York and at Monte Carlo in terms of the accessibility into the resorts from the Strip in terms of the new food and beverage and retail content that we've already started to open in terms of the pedestrian environment that we have created. And there's a lot more to come with Shake Shack on the way and a variety of other well-known, really fun F&B concepts that will populate the park that we are designing and will build right up to that arena. I mean, this is the new generation of the way to design, we think, in Las Vegas and why I've said in the past and believe that the link will be so successful for Caesars on that side of the Strip. People want to get outside, walk around. And the companies that engage the consumer that way will get increased market share of a growing market in Las Vegas. And the impact to Monte Carlo and New York-New York over the next year or 2, I think, will be material. And even more so, dramatically more so, when we build the 20,000-seat arena that will anchor the park. And that opens in the first half of 2016. So the next couple of years, the gravity around New York-New York, Monte Carlo will increase tremendously. That's really our focus right now. And I think if we are successful as we believe we will be, we'll be looking for those type of experiences to enhance and energize the other resorts over time.
Operator: Your next question is from David Bain from Sterne Agee.
David Bain - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up on the dividend, Dan or Grant, as spend on Cotai accelerates, how should we view payouts for MGM China? Should we view it differently than in 2012 and '13?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Grant, maybe I'll jump in there, and then you can add any of your commentary. I think the MGM China board is being prudent in terms of how it's approaching its dividend policy. It obviously has the semiannual dividend policy in place up to the 35% of profit. And I think each time the board meets, it will consider special dividends from time to time. And it will weigh that decision with its investment profile, its opportunities, whether it be future development opportunities or other areas of investment and weigh that against returning capital to shareholders. So from that standpoint, I think the board is taking a prudent approach to its dividend policy, returning capital to shareholders when it deems appropriate based on performance, balance sheet positioning and future opportunities. And obviously, it is mindful of the fact that we have a very large construction project underway, but does have the semiannual dividend policy in place today.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin Coyne from Goldman Sachs.
Kevin Coyne - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Dan, just a follow-up on your comment on using cash to pay down debt later this year. Just with regards to the Maryland project and, likely, the Massachusetts project, will that be project finance? Or do you think you'll have to go back to the debt market and fund that at the MGM level?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: We're keeping that option open at this point in time. Clearly, with each of those projects, we're going to own a vast majority of each of the National Harbor and the Springfield opportunity. So we're going to weigh that cost of capital decision as in and when we need it from the perspective of what's going to be the cheapest way to finance these projects. Right now, if I was to make that decision, I'd probably recommend to the board to use our corporate facility as we go in and out of that for construction spending. But we'll keep our optionality open as we go forward, but we clearly have the capacity to do it at the corporate level for each of these projects. And we can do it in a way that we keep the balance sheet in a relatively neutral position through the timeframe of these construction projects.
Kevin Coyne - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That makes sense. And then just, I guess, my next question is kind of a 2-parter. It's my understanding that convention and group business with you guys is somewhat gated by the amount of meeting space you have to offer those groups. So I guess, part one of my question is, for the first quarter, you did 22% mix, is that a theoretical maximum for the first quarter? And I guess, as part two, when the arena is completed in 2016, do you expect that you could use that for convention and group events to help increase that theoretical convention and group mix? Or will the arena just be for pure entertainment events?
Corey I. Sanders: I'll take that. At 22%, we're probably fully occupied in most of our convention space. We could do -- where we could continue to increase that is making sure that our room-to-space utilization is maximized and there are some opportunities there as we get smarter on how we book business and how we move it around. The new arena absolutely could be used for additional convention space in midweek periods or when there's not events in there. So -- and we do plan on using it for that.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And it also frees up our 2 existing ones for events in the new arena and convention business in the existing Mandalay Events Center and MGM Grand Garden. So it gives us a lot of flexibility going forward to book not only incremental concerts, sporting events, et cetera, but drive more convention business into our building.
Operator: Your next question is from Rick Hightower from ISI Group.
Richard A. Hightower - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: One quick balance sheet question. Can you just remind us of the limitations or the opportunities surrounding potential asset sales of some of the non-core properties?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure. There's obviously some parameters around which we need to kind of follow, whether it be an asset sale in terms of cash consideration and different pieces of our debt instrument. I think it's roughly about 70% needs to be in cash and some limitations in others, a small basket in our facilities for smaller type transactions, but really, there's -- the non-collateral assets have more flexibility from that standpoint than, say, the collateral assets, which either need to pay down debt or have replacement collateral put in their place. So there's no prohibition. There's just different parameters around which do work in our credit facilities.
Richard A. Hightower - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Is that something you guys would consider as an additional source of funds for deleveraging over the next couple of years?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Look, historically, we bought and sold assets throughout our timeframe with the company. We've recently sold some land on the outskirts of the Las Vegas Strip. And yes, we would consider some future non-core asset sales from that perspective of we're pruning the -- just like any portfolio manager in the way of pruning the assets. Operator I think we're running up to our hour time, maybe we'll take one more question.
Operator: Your final question comes from Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I wanted to ask 2 things. One is, I think that you guys had talked to about maybe getting new license at New Jersey at some point in the first quarter and be able to access the cash that's trapped in the trust there. So I don't know if there's an update on that timing? And then also, just looking at your margin flow-through in the first quarter, just trying to get a sense of -- I know you talked about the rest of the year the flow-through being in the 50% to 60% range and not the 70% flow-through in Q1. I'm just trying to get a sense of how much of that is you being conservative versus what things were onetime in nature in Q1? So I wonder if you could just kind of go through a little bit of the detail? I know you mentioned there were some reserves reverse, and I guess that may be a onetime thing, maybe you expect to recur later in the year. And I know you talked about a change in the vacation policy. It sounds like that was an accrual that was reversed, maybe also onetime. Just trying to get a sense of what was the benefit that was one time versus we might see recurring?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure, Robin. The fourth quarter was roughly about 70% here in Las Vegas. And we think when you kind of adjust the factors we pointed out, we would kind of land kind of in that range of 50% to 60% overall, which is why we're comfortable with that. I mean, hopefully, we can do better, but we're most comfortable with that range as we continue to drive the incremental top line pieces. So we feel good about that range and where we ended up. As far as the New Jersey timing, it is ongoing. The dialogue is continuing. And we would look to some time here in the first half, be back in front of the New Jersey Casino Commission and the DGE on that opportunity, but we continue the dialogue. We continue to work with the authorities there and hope to resolve that and get access to, obviously, the trust, but more importantly, be a partner again with Boyd in the successful Borgata operation back in New Jersey.
James Joseph Murren: And I guess, Dan, to follow-up on that, I think, we have what -- I think Robin asked -- the trust balance is about $102 million or so?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: It's just a touch over $100 million at this point, about $102 million, correct.
James Joseph Murren: And the vacation accrual was under $5 million. I think it was around $4 million or something, the reversal.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then just one final question. Just looking at Vegas REVPAR and up about 1%. And I think your slot revenues were down 2% or 3%. Is that, in your view, is it the convention mix maybe prowling off in gaming business or was that just a continuation of kind of softer gaming trends per visitor?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, I think of a couple of points I'll make, Robin, there. Actually, our slot business here in Vegas is actually up when the market's been actually down. So I think our properties, our teams, our M life is working. And we're gaining share in that business here in Las Vegas. Our overall slot numbers are down because of the regional properties, which we pointed out that their revenue, whether it be weather, market conditions, et cetera, have been down. And so the decrease is largely charitable to the regional properties in the fourth quarter, while the Strip properties continued to outperform the rest of the market here. Well, thank you. Thanks, Robin, and thank you all for participating. Sarah, myself and the rest of the team will be around all day for any follow-up questions. And we appreciate everyone joining us this morning. Thank you, and evening.
James Joseph Murren: Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. At this time, you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer James Joseph Murren - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Grant R. Bowie - President William Joseph Hornbuckle - President and Chief Marketing Officer Sarah Rogers Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer John M. McManus - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Analysts: Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Joel H. Simkins - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Grant Govertsen - Union Gaming Research, LLC Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David Bain - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Praveen K. Choudhary - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and Grant Bowie, Chief Executive Officer of MGM China Holdings, Limited. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Jennifer, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and a replay of the complete call will be made available on the company's website. This morning, we furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC as well and can be found on their website. Before turning it over to Jim, on this call, we'll make some forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statement. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our website. Finally, please note that this call is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mr. Jim Murren.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. Also here, we have Bill Hornbuckle, our President; and Corey Sanders, the COO, in case Dan and I will get the tough questions, so Dan -- Bobby Baldwin's on the road. He's out in Asia. We're opening some customers, so everyone wish him luck. We reported what we believe to be a very strong third quarter. Our EBITDA was up 24%, led by MGM China, and that cash flow was up 25%. Our wholly-owned Strip properties were up 12% year-over-year on budget and improved operations at CityCenter, we're happy to say. We're showing consistency in our wholly-owned operations, as this was the fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year Strip growth for us and also margin improvement. As many of you know, we've been targeting investing in our resorts here in Las Vegas, and I'm happy to say, we're seeing good returns on those investments. The MGM Grand and Bellagio room remodels, for example, were completed last year, and clearly, they've been successful in driving profitability at those properties. In the third quarter, Mandalay Bay benefited from recent capital there and significantly improved its nightclub, restaurant and entertainment offerings. And Mandalay's EBITDA grew 20% in the quarter, thanks in part to those initiatives. And as part of that, our focus now shifts to projects underway at New York, New York and Monte Carlo. For those of you who've been out here lately you'll see quite a bit of construction around those 2 resorts. All of that effort will be opened in the spring of next year. And those properties will benefit from what we believe to be literally a transformation of their Strip fronts, making it very easily accessible, adding casual bars, restaurants and retail. And that's important to us, as we develop West between those 2 properties in a parklike environment with more retail, leading up to a beautiful new arena that we're building with AEG. M life continues to mature as a program. In fact, the new mlife.com website, which was only recently launched, it was launched in February, is now the highest room-revenue-producing website within our business. This has allowed our customers to see our total breadth of offerings, rather than logging onto one website or another. And that has led to good cross marketing for all of our properties. MyVEGAS, our social game on Facebook, will go mobile next week with its own app. This is becoming an extremely interesting customer acquisition tool for us, and we think it's going to further increase, enhance our M life database. Grant will touch on this more in a moment, but MGM Cotai construction is progressing really well. We're on pace to complete our piling and site work by the end of this year, and at that point, we're going to move on to the basement and tower construction. And we've added another person to our design team, a leading international designer, Jacques Garcia. He is responsible for designing our Mansion product. He's done some of the most beautiful hotels in the world, and he's a good addition to the team at MGM Cotai. And in Maryland, just last week, a bunch of us were there giving our public presentations, and we unveiled what we think is really a beautiful design for National Harbor. And we believe it's reflective of not only the history of Maryland, but the fine monuments in the area. It is a $925 million effort, luxurious, extraordinarily well designed, providing quite a few amenities that do not exist in Maryland or in the region, and certainly would be the finest resort in the state of Maryland, if we are lucky enough to be selected. That final decision, we're 1 of 3 there, will be decided according to the state by the end of this year. And in Massachusetts, our RFP response is well underway. We've been working hard in the city of Springfield and with the State. We expect to submit everything required of us by the end of this year. And according to the state, a final decision is expected to be made in April of '14. It was a busy, and I'm pleased to say, very productive quarter for us at MGM Resorts. Our margins are improving, we've kept a good eye on our costs, the property investments are yielding good returns on investment, we're planting seeds to grow this company further as we have consistently and determinately reduced our leverage, improved our balance sheet, and we're happy with our progress thus far. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dan.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Thanks, Jim. During the third quarter, we were able to grow our revenues by 9%, which is led by a 22% increase in MGM China and 6% growth on the Las Vegas Strip. The leverage in our operating model allowed us to grow our EBITDA and expand our margins. Margins at our wholly-owned domestic resorts increased by 75 basis points year-over-year, led by an approximate 130 basis point improvement at our wholly-owned Strip properties. In Las Vegas, our luxury properties continue to lead the way, with 18% EBITDA growth in the quarter, driven by both casino and hotel segments of the business. On the casino side, we continue to see strong activity from our high end international customers, as our marketing team remains focused on driving that business to our Strip resorts. Our efforts are evident as Baccarat volumes grew over 20% in the quarter, driving a 16% increase in table games revenue at our wholly-owned Las Vegas resorts. On the hotel side, our luxury resorts benefited from increased occupied rooms at Bellagio and MGM Grand and are experiencing better pricing due to increased convention room nights. Our third quarter Strip REVPAR increased 3% year-over-year, consistent with our guidance, driven by a combination of both occupancy and rate increases. We expect our fourth quarter room revenue to be up slightly year-over-year on relatively flat REVPAR, with accelerating trends in the first quarter. In fact, looking into next year, our first quarter convention trends are looking exceptionally strong. We're approaching peak convention mix in the first quarter, with an expected 21% convention room mix. And beyond the first quarter, we expect an increasing convention room mix for all quarters throughout the year. Shifting over to CityCenter. ARIA's EBITDA was $49 million for the quarter, an increase of 3% year-over-year. EBITDA was negatively impacted by approximately $17 million related to a lower hold percentage when compared to the prior year's quarter. ARIA's table game drop increased by 12% year-over-year. On the non-casino revenue side at ARIA, that increased 9%. During the third quarter, hotel occupancy increased 100 basis points to 89%, ADR increased 3% to $197, and REVPAR increased 4% to $177. Food and beverage revenues increased as a result of the new Shawn McClain restaurant, Five50, which opened in July, as well as the continued increase in volume at our newly remodeled buffet. Entertainment revenues increased driven by a full quarter of Zarkana this year versus a partial quarter of the prior Elvis show in the year before. Crystals continues to outperform, up 26% compared to the prior year. We opened 3 new tenants in the third quarter, and more recently, we opened another tenant here in October. So we've added 4 new tenants to the lineup at Crystals here recently. We're continuing to see some solid sales on the remaining residential inventory. During the third quarter, we sold 28 units at Mandarin Oriental and 2 units at Veer, for roughly $27 million in revenue on the condo front. Earlier this month, we successfully refinanced CityCenter's previously outstanding debt, with a new $1.78 billion credit facility. This transaction significantly reduces our cash interest expense by roughly $80 million and increases CityCenter's financial flexibility and extends their maturity profile. Looking at the balance sheet to help you with some of your modeling in the fourth quarter. We currently have approximately $1.1 billion in available liquidity under our corporate revolver, while MGM China has approximately $1.45 billion in availability at the end of the quarter under their revolver. Our cash balance at the end of the quarter was approximately $1.4 billion, of which roughly $925 million was at MGM China. During the third quarter, we spent approximately $78 million in CapEx at our wholly-owned domestic resorts. Our wholly-owned full year CapEx looks like it's going to come in closer to $300 million to $325 million this year versus our previous guidance of $350 million due to timing of certain projects. During the third quarter, MGM China spent approximately $27 million at MGM Macau and about $31 million on our MGM Cotai development. For the year, we now expect to spend approximately $52 million on MGM Macau and about $260 million on MGM Cotai for all of 2013. We expect corporate expense for the fourth quarter to be roughly consistent with the third quarter of around $50 million. Stock compensation expense is estimated to be about $78 million in the quarter. And depreciation expense is estimated to be consistent with the third quarter. We estimate that our gross interest for the fourth quarter will be approximately $210 million, which includes about $5 million from MGM China and about $9 million in noncash amortization. With that, I'll turn it over to Grant Bowie to talk about MGM China.
Grant R. Bowie: Thanks, Dan, and good morning, good evening to everybody. For the third quarter, MGM China net revenue increased 22% to $808 million and generated EBITDA of $191 million. That's up 25% year-on-year. This number includes the branding fee of $8 million, but it also includes in this result negative impacts of approximately $12 million due to lower hold in our in-house VIP segment. And it also includes a $7.5 million impact from an accrual related to a one-off additional tourism tax assessment that we received. VIP turnover increased by 28% year-over-year, and we continue to see success from the addition of our second floor gaming rooms and the introduction of a new operator in mid-April. We still see the opportunities for continued improvement in yield on the VIP tables to maximize our profitability from this segment. Overall, VIP wins for the quarter was approximately 2.8%, and that compares to the prior year of 3%. We were able to drive main floor type of volumes up again by 10%, and revenues up 31% year-over-year, outperforming the potential growth, thanks to our continued focus on the table yield management and strategically targeting the premium segment. Now slot handle [ph] also increased by 10% during the third quarter. Looking forward, we're in the process of upgrading main floor, and enhancing our product offerings to drive future growth. Our remodeling includes renovation and expansion of the Supreme Lounge, which has been very successful for us, and we expect this to be completed in 2014. The Supreme Lounge, as many of you know, is an exclusive area dedicated to our high-margin, premium market customers. Reinvention and improvement in product and service quality have been the catalyst to maintain the attractiveness in this very competitive market. And we expect this approach to continue into the future. MGM Cotai is well underway, as Jim mentioned, and we remain on track for an early 2016 opening. And our budget is still standing at $2.6 billion. And with that, I'd like to turn back to Jim for his closing remarks.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Grant. And as Dan mentioned, the first quarter of next year is approaching all-time highs for us in terms of convention business. And the year, it looks like, it's shaking out well and is outpacing this year. The increase in our convention room nights is important to us, because it will replace lower rate leisure bookings, which historically has helped us push rates in general in all of our segments. That is why we are optimistic for 2014. And by the way, typically, by the end of the year, we have booked about 80% of our planned convention room nights for the following year. Here on Halloween, we've already booked 88% of our targeted room nights for 2014, so we're nicely ahead of where we typically are. We're pleased with this progress. We know that we have a lot of work to do. We're enjoying doing it. We remain focused on executing on the strategies we've laid out to you, both in terms of our operational strategy to drive margins and our capital strategy to improve our properties, increase our market share, in doing so with the lens of always looking toward improving our balance sheet, continue to get stronger financially. We're quite excited what technology is bringing to this company, both in terms of M life on the revenue side and in terms of operating our business more efficiently and more pleasantly for our employees, for example, a new HR transformation software, called Workday, which is being rolled out as we speak. And we're excited about talking to you about the future, and we wanted to give you plenty of time. So with that, I'll turn it over to the operator, and we can move right into the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Dan, can you just talk for a minute more about your outlook for flat REVPAR growth in the fourth quarter? I was a bit surprised at that, given that the comps aren't really that tough. I know the focus is on '14, and the growth you can see there, but it would be helpful to better understand what you're expecting for the fourth quarter.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes. The fourth quarter of this year, Felicia, is consistent with our expectation all year long. I think, overall, as we guided our mix for the year, we're looking at kind of 14.5% to 15%. And it looks like we're going to come in for the year right in that range, so it's consistent with last year's mix, maybe up a touch over last year. In the fourth quarter, we had some decent activity last year in a slow period from call it, Thanksgiving to Christmas, with a couple of decent shows that we had over at Mandalay and those shows that kind of rotated out as they typically do from just a seasonality perspective. So we've got -- as a company, we've got a tough comp down at Mandalay, just because of a couple of decent size shows. And that's kind of opened REVPAR back. And, of course, in this time period, our core properties just don't have the pricing power that the luxury properties do overall when you get into that November, December time period.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a follow-up. You -- I believe, you said that Baccarat in the quarter was up 16% year-over-year. Can you help us think about what the math table percentage was then, because I think the overall was 10%?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: The Baccarat volumes in the quarter, I think, were up 20%. I think the revenue side was up 16% on table games. And non-Bac table games in the quarter was relatively flat on a volume perspective.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Joseph Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Jim, I was hoping maybe you can share with us any updated thoughts on the Massachusetts opportunity. Obviously, a lot of news there recently.
James Joseph Murren: But we've worked hard there. We believe that we have a great plan for Springfield. We have, obviously, been chosen by the city of Springfield to deliver on this vision. We've had an extraordinarily very close relationship with this process, really, from the beginning. John McManus, who looks a bit tired, he's our General Counsel. He's also in the room. He's been to Mass many a time, including about 2 weeks ago at a hearing. And we feel like we have delivered on everything that we need to deliver on, and that we've seen no reason whatsoever that we would not be found suitable there. And I can't speak for the other operators. Obviously, there's been an awful lot of activity and drama there. But we like the process, it's been very transparent to us, and we believe there's no reason why we will not be found suitable. And as I said earlier, the state has indicated that it would like to make a determination by April, I think, Bill, right, of next year.
William Joseph Hornbuckle: Licensing before the end of [ph] November.
James Joseph Murren: And licensing before November of next year.
William Joseph Hornbuckle: Of this year.
James Joseph Murren: Of this year. I'm sorry, licensing, November this year and April for the final.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And then I have a follow-up for Dan. Dan, I was maybe hoping you can give us a little but more detail or clarification on your prepared remarks about seeing accelerated trends in 1Q. Are you talking about REVPAR growth? Are you talking about room revenues? Or are you talking about revenues overall or margin improvement? I'll leave it very broad and open ended, just to get some clarification in terms of how you guys are thinking 1Q '14 is shaping up based on what you know now.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, what we can see, Joe, is very strong hotel part of our business, obviously, led by the convention business, which is exceptionally strong in the first quarter. And I would say then strong year-over-year for each quarter thereafter based on the forward trends we're seeing right now. So the convention side is going to lead the charge as it relates to room rate growth and REVPAR growth next year. And we think we'll get into more color on that in our next call, but we think that's going to be up nicely in the first quarter. And hopefully, that'll set the trend for the rest of the year.
James Joseph Murren: Just to add, Dan, that everything that we had hoped the first quarter to shape up to be, we feel more confident than ever that it will exactly be that. And I would just go as far as to say yes to all your questions, Joe, in terms of not only revenues but margins because of the substantial amount of growth that we see on the books and the event calendar for 2014.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura Securities.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have a quick question for Grant. Recently, there's been some focus in Mainland China on anticorruption policies. And do you have any sense overall -- or is there any chatter about how much business that might be, either government-related, actually, flows through Macau. I know it's difficult to answer, but more importantly, what are the safeguards that you have in place to prevent it at MGM?
Grant R. Bowie: There's, obviously -- has been a lot of talk. And as you well know, as a company, we're particularly focused on all of the practices that we need to do, not just for Macau, but also for our global structure, particularly, in the areas of AML and KYC, et cetera. So I think that within our company, there's certainly been an ongoing and continuous commitment to ensuring we meet those obligations. I think in Macau as a whole, I think that the systems are continuing to be enhanced as a destination. We, obviously, become more sophisticated in managing those practices. So Macau government is very focused on ensuring that it meets its obligations, and we work closely together with them to continue to enhance those practices over time.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then returning to the U.S. Dan, if you could give us a sense of how much lower rated business is in Vegas next year that could be displaced or burned off? And then what the -- what's the typical difference in total spend, that's both in room and out-of-the-room spend between those 2 customer groups?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, I think, Harry, one of the big pieces that we're still burning off, particularly, on the convention side are some of the contracts that we had entered into in 2009, 2010, that were multi-year contracts that are still burning off last year, this year and next. And I think last year's number, we were still roughly about 50%, 60% of our convention room nights were booked in those more difficult times than some of the mirror contracts that we are entering into now, obviously, at much different rates than we were getting back in '09 and '10. So there's still a fair amount of convention business that's burning off in that particular segment, and that's going to continue to be a benefit as we move forward in the forward booking, on the convention side.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Can you put some numbers around just the differential in the replacement and the upgrade?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, I think, just -- I think, purely from a room-rate standpoint, you're looking at upwards around $50 to $60 in displacing that lower-end leisure rates into a convention room rate. So it's pretty significant just on the room rate piece, not to mention the ancillary benefits of the restaurants, the entertainment venues by having that better priced customer in town. And the impact of the tide rising for some of our core properties as we're able to kind of use those, particularly, at the likes of Luxor and Excalibur, as we're able to use those in terms of overflow during peak period to help them drive rate midweek. So that's important component for our business.
James Joseph Murren: And Harry, what I would add is, because of the increased convention base, not just for us but in the city, it will also bring in that lower end leisure rate up also. You'll get a double hit there also.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lewis Chinchilla [ph] with Amber Research [ph]. Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to ask a little bit about operating leverage for next year. Jim, I think you talked a little about margin growth. This quarter, we did see the -- I guess, flow through was a little bit lower than the really great numbers you guys drove in 1Q and 2Q. Whether it's Corey or Jim, could you guys talk a little bit about expected flow through for next year in terms of kind of what the model is set up to do right now? And I'm speaking specifically as it relates to the Vegas properties.
James Joseph Murren: Sure. Maybe I'll start, and then I'll turn it over to either Dan or Corey. The goal that we set for ourselves a couple of years ago was to drive 50%, 60% flow through. And, obviously, we've done a bit better than that. Some quarters, there's been as much as 100%. And we can't do that every single quarter, we just can't do it. But we would expect significant flow through in '14 and '15. I think year-to-date, we're up about 90-something percent, Sarah?
Sarah Rogers: 94%
James Joseph Murren: 94% year-to-date on flow through, and so that's a pretty good number. We're shooting to continue to drive our flow through up as much as possible. And nice to be getting 100% all the time, but our goal has been in the 60% range on a long-term basis, and I think that's extremely achievable.
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. Any ADR increase, obviously, will always go to the bottom line. And then, in general, as the convention mix improves and the catering improves, that's a higher-margin business than our normal food and beverage business. Hopefully, with the increased visitation, it will increase the occupancy in our shows, which also goes all to the bottom line, because those are just empty seats, if they're not being filled right now. So I think the flow through next year should be as strong, if not stronger, than what we've seen this year.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's really helpful. And then, I guess, just as a follow-up, Corey, you just mentioned a little bit about some of the shows. But I guess, just generically, it looks to us, at least like some of the non-gaming and non-hotel revenue was up nicely in the quarter. Can you just talk a little bit about -- do you see enough kind of things going on, whether it's nightclubs or conventions to continue to drive that -- I guess, that category higher than average? I know you're seeing good -- kind of good consumer spending trends. Or is that a little bit better than, at least, core gaming right now?
Corey I. Sanders: They're improving slightly. I think a lot of our capital investments have paid off between the show at Mandalay Bay, some of the new restaurants, the nightclubs, we're seeing that additional spend. And people coming here for reasons other than gaming. So I think it's slowly coming back, especially at the core properties, the luxury properties, they're seeing a little bit better spend.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. And I would add, Corey, when you have higher convention business, you get -- typically get a lot of buyouts of venues that would otherwise be closed. You could have night clubs that are bought out during the day. You can have parties out at a pool or at the beach at Mandalay. You'll have tremendous amount of incremental found revenue for us when convention business is robust. And it, certainly, will be in the first quarter, that's going to have a significant impact in our non-gaming revenue in the first quarter. And those are very profitable revenues for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Simkins with Crédit Suisse.
Joel H. Simkins - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Obviously, we continue to hear a lot of discussions around Japan. Can you just give us an update hereon in terms of thinking with regard to legislation, and how you guys think you're positioned for that opportunity longer term?
James Joseph Murren: You want to do that one, Bill?
William Joseph Hornbuckle: Yes. Real quick, obviously, we know that Diao [ph] in session right now, they're dealing with a complicated tax issue. But there's belief that time will allocate and allot for them to be able to take on the question. We're hoping and believe that by spring, something will come forward. From that process, it's still complicated. I mean, at the end of, when it's all said and done, you're probably looking at actual license and selections into '18, '19 -- sometime in that timeframe. We're positioned, we've been on the ground, we continue to be on the ground better part of the year, 1.5 years now, and we're excited. I mean, at the end of the day, it will be probably be the second largest marketplace in the world, and so we're very focused on it from that perspective.
Joel H. Simkins - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And one quick follow-up, if I may. Obviously, the CityCenter capital structure continues to get a lot better, the properties trending in the right direction, with that said, how do you think about sort of the opportunity to buy out your partner at some point? And then on top of that, again, how are you thinking about monetizing the Crystals longer-term?
James Joseph Murren: You want to take that one, Dan? Did you want to do that? We have great relationships with our partners. They have not asked us to buy them out. I think they're pretty happy with the fact that the asset is increasing in value. I'm sure that we would like to own 100% of it someday, but I don't think that day is today, because they're happy with their position. So I'd have to leave that one for some time in maybe, in the future. In the meantime, we did look at selling Crystals earlier this year. Cap rates had fallen to sub-5%. It was an extraordinary time for retail, particularly luxury retail. And we did quite a bit of work on this. And we concluded at the time, we just weren't prepared to sell Crystals. We just didn't have enough of the diligence done to do it, and the market moved away from us a little bit. So it's something that partners are willing to pursue at the right valuation. We think that time is on our side from a standpoint of the fact that the NOI at Crystals continues to grow. We think it's going to have a tremendously strong year in 2014. And the more track record we develop at Crystals, the better cap rate we're going to get and the more robust bidding will likely to have in the future. So that's not a long-term asset, most likely, if we get the right valuation, but it's not something that we're going to sell this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Grant Govertsen with Union Gaming Macau.
Grant Govertsen - Union Gaming Research, LLC: Got a question for Grant. In your prepared remarks, you were talking about the Supreme Lounge that will be coming online next year. And I may have missed it, but could you give us a sense for the scope of it, in terms of the number of tables or the incremental number of premium tables that this might be bringing online?
Grant R. Bowie: Actually, at this stage, it's, actually, primarily focused on premium slots, and we're working through just some final details in the layout, primarily, with some additional private rooms. But it's about providing additional capacity, because that's where it seems to be growing at the moment. At the moment, it's not for tables. Once we do put that additional slot area in there that a couple of the private rooms which are currently running as machines will be available to add table games back into -- so go back to the original rather than swing around [ph]. So that's basic [indiscernible]. We're looking on the order of 60 to 70 more units.
Grant Govertsen - Union Gaming Research, LLC: Understood. And, actually, that leads to my follow-up. And it sounds nitpicky in the face of terrific results, but your slots are, it looks like it's gone down sequentially for couple of quarters, and perhaps the supreme lounge is a part of that solution, but any color you could provide on that would be appreciated.
Grant R. Bowie: Yes. I think one of the challenges is that a lot of our business is really at the high premium. And we had a very, very strong first half, and we had some really good performance and customers. And that tends to set up a bit of a cycle. And as a result of that, there's -- there has been a longer period between visits coming into this fourth quarter, we've actually seen -- particularly, with the holidays we just got through, we're seeing some performance improvement in that. Slot business, I think, overall, has seen some flattening in the market. Even though there's good growth across the market, the growth rates have slowed a little bit. So we need to get back and look at product mixes and everything like that. Compounded with that a little bit is I think you're aware, that the government has been implementing a number of responsible gambling initiatives over the last 8 or 9 months. And we're just working through all of those, which we just have to accommodate. So it's a combination of a number of events, but we're comfortable that we need to put out when we put all those pieces back together and get all the bits working together again, that it will come back and will continue to grow.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I actually had a few questions. Dan, I wanted to revert back to the comments that you made earlier on the convention mix. You did say first quarter convention room nights, 21% of total?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Correct.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And I would assume, if the rest of the year is up, across the board year-over-year, that you're looking for a mix record base, because if I recall, that's kind of around 16%, historically?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes. We think for the year, Carlos (sic) [Carlo], based on how we're pacing right now that we're going to start coming and approaching near that level, whether or not we get fully back to that peak which was slightly over 16%. It will depend a little bit on some of the year-on-year bookings, but right now, we're probably projecting this year to finish up like I said earlier 14.5% to 15%. Next year, convention mix, we're probably looking at 15.5% to kind of 16% in that particular room segment for us. So we're getting pretty close, and a couple of things swing our way, we could very well be back at peak level very easily next year.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then I think you also mentioned 80% or 88%, I wasn't sure which it was, but percentage of -- percent of those room nights were already on the book. Would you guys be able to give us some color around the rate cadence of that business on the books as of today?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: It was 88%. Those are actual hard contracted room nights for next year and we're up kind of mid-single-digits in terms of rate.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then one last follow-up, if I could, just on the margins. When I look at kind of the mix between hotel revenue and other, I think that, that basically, accounts for some of the sequential stuff. But if you look back historically at revenue levels similar to where you are today or were in this quarter on the Strip, and you look at kind of the mix of hotel, which is actually skewed higher as a percentage of your total revenue, you've actually done more in aggregate EBITDA in prior years prior to the cost cut. So I'm wondering if there's something else that's kind of changed in the margin structure. And fully acknowledging, obviously, you guys are doing a nice job growing EBITDA with mid-single digit revenue growth, but if there's something else that has changed since kind of years past, where the margin growth is going to be a little bit harder to come by as we go forward.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, I think what you're seeing now, Carlos (sic) [Carlo], and Corey will straighten me out where I go astray. But I think, really, what you're seeing is part of the disparity and what the city-wide do within the portfolio of properties. And so that midweek business leisure-wide versus the city-wide convention room nights is really driving more, I would say, seasonality in the business quarter-to-quarter today than it did say, a few years past or during the peak time period where we were able to kind of price rooms, not just because of convention, but we had stronger leisure business, when we moved into say, the seasonally slower summer months in June, July and August. So you just don't have that depth of leisure business. And that there's some disparity there some seasonally. For us, we also have kind of things that happen, I mean, Bellagio had a pretty low hold percentage last year, as they did a touch better this year, but it's not a Bellagio like hold percentage. So that too affects when you're looking at quarter-to-quarter kind of flow through and leverage in the system. We're not using that as an excuse, because our overall hold percentage was fine. But, obviously, there's a lot of -- lot more volume here at Bellagio than some of our other buildings from the high-end perspective.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And lastly, and I'll listen. Just anything in the fourth quarter from a hold perspective at any of the properties in Vegas that stands out that we should be mindful of?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I think Bellagio actually did better in their fourth quarter hold percentage which helped last year even itself out for the full year. But I can't...
James Joseph Murren: MGM may have -- I don't want to...
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, Bellagio and MGM. We'll have to go back and look, Carlos (sic) [Carlo]. But probably, if there were any, it would've been at Bellagio and MGM, that may have held a little bit better last year.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: One for Grant. First, looking at your Cotai property and targeting early 2016, I guess, it seems like, in recent years, the Macau government has kind of staggered a little bit some of the property openings using labor quotas and things. And there are a couple of properties that are kind of targeting a similar timeframe to open. Do you have any sense from the government, whether they are more comfortable with multiple properties opening within the same sort of 6 months period? Or any thoughts on that?
Grant R. Bowie: I don't think there's -- the government has that particular view. And I don't think they've actually staggered them. I think what's happened is the realities of individual timelines have actually determined their opening dates. But I'd -- clearly, we all know in this marketplace that there is a lot of product coming on stream. And I think everybody is working diligently as we are to make sure that we're in a position to be able to get the people, get the opportunities and get the product and get open on time. So I think there's a lot of work to go. But I think it'll work itself through as programs normally do. But what we're doing is building a whole series of different scenarios that we can work with and around.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a follow-up question for Vegas and the convention business, which I know has been talked about a lot. But you made a comment that you're booked ahead in terms of the number of room nights you may approach peak mix. And you mentioned that the rates for convention business would be up mid-single-digits, and that helps you to -- that you're essentially also replacing leisure travel when you increase the mix of convention business. And so does that sort of suggest that your REVPAR expectation overall for Vegas next year is in that mid-single digit range?
James Joseph Murren: Well, we try to give quarter -- Robin, it's Jim. We try to give quarter-to-quarter guidance. We certainly will do better than that in the first quarter, but beyond that, we just feel better about just giving you the quarter-to-quarter guidance. Clearly, the metrics are setting up favorably for us for the whole year, given the fact that our -- will do. We'll have stronger convention business that generates higher rates. The convention business next year will be at a higher rate than this year. The mix will be higher than this year, it will replace lower-rated business such as leisure. As Corey said, there'll be more conventions in town next year, which could drive the core properties for us and help leisure rates, and, in fact, help retail rates in general, FIT rates as well. So we're setting ourselves up as a valley here in Las Vegas to have strong REVPAR growth in 2014. But I think we're going to stick to the quarter-to-quarter guidance for now.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: You talked about how some of the lower end Strip properties are going to benefit from overflow from the more high-end ones in 2014. Given the lower-end properties are coming off of a lower base, could you see higher revenue and EBITDA growth at those properties?
James Joseph Murren: I think that's completely conceivable. The deltas on some of those properties could be higher, because of the lower base and because of what we're doing to those properties, not just New York, New York and Monte Carlo as we mentioned. But really there's a upgrade program underway at all of our properties, to one degree or another. So I don't think it's unreasonable to think that. What do you think, Corey?
Corey I. Sanders: Yes, I think the last, what I would recall substantial increase in convention attendance city-wide was 2011. And if you look at the results of our core properties from 2011, that showed signs of not only revenue growth but EBITDA growth. So I would suspect we should be able to see some of that in 2014.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And can you just give us an update on your plans for the Borgata and your share there?
James Joseph Murren: As you know we're working with the state on licensing, and we hope to be relicensed in that state. John, when -- by the -- what would you guess?
John M. McManus: We don't -- we're in the process. I think a reasonable estimate would probably be first quarter.
James Joseph Murren: Yes, so the idea is -- that's our first goal -- is to be relicensed in the state. We expect -- that we have no reason to expect we won't be relicensed there. Up until that point, we can't have any view on Borgata. In fact, I saw Keith Smith this week, and I can't even talk to him about Borgata according to the settlement agreement. So once we are relicensed, which we expect that we will be, we look forward to sitting down with Boyd and helping map the strategy of Borgata's future.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Tom, just a quick follow-up. We still have about $110 million, 1-1-0 million sitting in our New Jersey trust account that comes to us as well once this process is over.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And related to the online gaming opportunity, do you receive -- are you part of the JV when it launches? Or do you have to wait until you're licensed in that state again?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, our trust is still the economic beneficiary. But as far as actually having a seat at the table, we have to wait for the license, but we're still the economic beneficiary.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I've got no questions, a lot have been asked and answered.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Bain with Sterne Agee.
David Bain - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Guys, can we get any current thoughts on the culinary union discussions. On your website, you thought maybe a settlement could happen this month. And any foreseen changes there? Obviously, those are factored into your flow-through thoughts for next year, correct?
James Joseph Murren: Sure. We've been working on this agreement for quite some time. As you know, the culinary agreement is typically 5 years -- 4, 5 years. And we've been adding strong and very productive negotiations with the culinary this year. All of us have been involved in that, Corey, myself, Dan, Bill Hornbuckle. And we feel like we have a good understanding between the leadership of the culinary and ourselves in terms of what the challenges are in the market, economic challenges and a recovering, but not fully recovered market and some of the challenges of operating in the business in 2013, '14, '15, that did not exist a few years ago in terms of how operations are staffed, what's going on in terms of flow through and in terms of volume. And I'd have to say that it's been very productive, wouldn't you say, Corey? And we have no reason to believe that we're not going to be, really, resolved on this quite soon. Our goal is to forge an agreement that we work together with the union, we have a great relationship with them and create a package with them that not only reflects those conditions of the market but the concerns that the members have in terms of health care, in terms of benefits, in terms of job security and in terms of growth. And I also have to say that, that union and others have been very supportive of our efforts not only here in Las Vegas. But when we've gone on the road, whether it be in Massachusetts, in Maryland, we saw a lot of our culinary friends in the audience last week, didn't we, Bill, supporting us at National Harbor, and it was great to see them there and other unions as well. So I'm very confident that we'll be done soon. All of our negotiations are incorporated into our thoughts for our forecast for '14 and are incorporated in what we discussed in terms of margins and flow through.
David Bain - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Great. And just 2 more if I could, quickly. The room remodel at The Hotel, I don't think it was mentioned in the rebranding to Delano. Just -- is that project timeline going to remain, or the capacity needs changing things there for earlier, mid-2014?
James Joseph Murren: Yes. We changed -- we had a couple of room remodel changes when we do our model rooms. And we finally all signed off on it not too long ago. We really liked the product, so did Delano. So when are we going to start that?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: We're looking at kind of an April-ish start date to start the project itself and look to complete around September, October, those roughly 1,200 suite.
Corey I. Sanders: And as those rooms come back online, we will actually sell them. We won't name it Delano, until we're 75% complete. But the actual delay in the room remodel has actually worked out in our benefit, especially with the strong first quarter convention business.
James Joseph Murren: Yes, that was going to be a concern of ours, that we have a lot of rooms out of service in the first quarter. Now, we won’t, because we're starting in April.
David Bain - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Well, that's awesome. Okay, great. And just lastly, Grant, if I could. Pension [ph], do you have any thoughts there in terms of expansion plans? And what that could look like in terms of capacity, amenities, timing, if anything, for you guys?
Grant R. Bowie: I think, I will [indiscernible].
David Bain - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Or whoever wants to take that question.
Grant R. Bowie: Do you want it, or do you want me to take it?
James Joseph Murren: Go ahead, Grant.
Grant R. Bowie: Okay. I think pension [ph] for Macau is a fabulous opportunity, and we like it like most are studying it. I think there's still a lot of planning and consideration to be done. Obviously, Jim Long [ph], the major part that's -- on Hanjin [ph] is about ready to open. So that's really going to be a catalyst. But I think, yes, it's certainly part of our overall strategy, but I think we need to do it in an appropriate way. And it needs to, obviously, balance the development of the region. But it's certainly something that's on our radar, and we're looking at very positively.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Praveen Choudhary with Morgan Stanley.
Praveen K. Choudhary - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Very quickly for Grant. When you mentioned about $12 million for the lower hold, as well $7.5 million for the accrual, can you talk about similar number in Q2 of '13 or last year Q3 of '12, if you do have that number?
Grant R. Bowie: Actually, I don't have that back into the prior period. I think that for the Q2, it was pretty well even. That really wasn't such a big impact, specifically. But Praveen, let me get back to that, and I'll get you that information to be accurate. I don't want to guess.
Praveen K. Choudhary - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's perfect. And then I can -- if I can add one more question. You have given us the total CapEx of $2.6 billion. But if you have to include capitalized interest and land cost, what would be that number? Because most of the other operators are giving the full CapEx, including those 2 items.
Grant R. Bowie: You want me to go, Dan, or do you want to pick it up?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes. I mean, obviously, Praveen, the land concession contract is public and out there already. I think we've spent about $60 million, $70 million in total on the deposit, and there's annual payments on a go-forward basis, so that's public information, and you should be able to grab that. As far as capitalized interest, we'll be working through that. We'll be able to give guidance going forward, but we don't think it's going to be that material in the overall schemes, given the free cash flow and the amount of debt that will be at the MGM China level, even at the peak point of construction.
Grant R. Bowie: I could tell you that the total [indiscernible] value is $175 million when you go to the public record.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: On the [indiscernible] contract.
Grant R. Bowie: Yes, okay.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Operator, I think that brings us to the top of the hour. And if there's any more follow-ups or questions, the team will be here all day and happy to take any calls off-line. Thank you, all, for participating this morning, and have a Happy Halloween.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer James Joseph Murren - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert H. Baldwin - Chief Design & Construction Officer, Director, President of Project Citycenter and Chief Executive Officer of Project CC LLC Grant R. Bowie - President Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division David Bain - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Kelly Knybel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Grant Govertsen Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kevin Coyne - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Richard A. Hightower - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bobby Baldwin, Chief Design and Construction Officer of MGM Resorts International and President and CEO of CityCenter; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and Grant Bowie, Chief Executive Officer of MGM China Holdings, Limited. [Operator Instructions] Now I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Jennifer, and good morning, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and a replay of the call will be made available on our company website. This morning, we furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC, as well. And before turning over to Jim, I'd like to read the Safe Harbor disclosure. So on this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release which is available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. I'm happy to say that today, we reported a very solid second quarter. Our EBITDA was up by 9%, led by a broad-based recovery here on the Las Vegas Strip, where our cash flows were up 15%. Grant will get into this in a moment but MGM China, we're very proud to say, had yet another record quarter, a tremendous growth there in that market. And we've been busy on our strategic plans. We've set out on these calls many of our goals and I'm happy to say we're executing on them. The targeted capital here in Las Vegas is yielding very strong results. The room upgrades and food and beverage offerings at MGM and Bellagio are obviously yielding higher cash flows. And I think you'll see Mandalay Bay to be the next beneficiary of this. We recently opened a new nightclub and a day club, and debuted the Michael Jackson One show, that is doing great. The occupancies are as strong as O and people love the show and it's doing extraordinarily well for our food and beverage and gaming, as well. Down the road, as you know, at that compound, we're going to have the Delano there, which will replace the hotel at Mandalay Bay, which we think will continue to drive higher revenue and cash flows at Mandalay. Next year, we'll see quite a bit of growth, we think, at New York-New York and Monte Carlo because they'll both benefit from the capital we're spending this year to significantly upgrade their food and beverage offerings and retail offerings and their street frontage. Our M life customer loyalty program is working. We've seen significant growth in our database, and that has yielded higher bookings in our rooms. And our partnerships are also leading to room growth. The recent ones with Southwest Airlines and Hyatt have been particularly impactful. On the development front, our second property in Macau is well underway, a bunch of us were there just last week, and we came away very, very pleased with the progress. Excavation is largely completed, and we are well over halfway done with our deep piles and, if anything, we're nicely ahead of schedule. We picked our architect quite a while ago. I don't know if we've disclosed that, but I can now, it's KPF. KPF is the designer of the Mandarin here in Las Vegas, which we're very proud of, and One Central in Macau. They've been progressing with our other designs -- designers and architects on the exteriors and interiors and, again, we're ahead of plan there as well. I could tell you some of the features of MGM Cotai will include a tremendous atrium. In fact, that will be about 3x the size of the one we have here at Bellagio, and it's already being programmed with pretty special retail, food and beverage and we have some good surprises on the entertainment front as well. We are also going to be building a mansion in that property. Many of you know the mansion that we have here in Las Vegas. If you don't know it, it's probably because you weren't invited. It's within the MGM Grand here. It's our most popular destination for our Asian customers, it's really spectacular and we are to develop one we think will set the bar even higher in Cotai. The mansion in the MGM Cotai will be really over the top. Grant has done a good job, I have to say, on the operating team and working with our development team, which is led by Ken Rosevear and Hunter Clayton. They have quite an operation going on the ground in Macau to rapidly get this beautiful property to get to conclusion. Back here in the U.S., as you know, we submitted a proposal for a destination resort at National Harbor, that's in Prince George's County, Maryland. We did that in May. The Location Commission is in the midst of its review process and is expected to announce a date for public presentations. We think those presentations will happen in either late September or October. They've indicated a final decision is still expected by year end. We're extremely excited about this opportunity and feel like we have the winning proposal. In Massachusetts, we had a big win with the special election in Springfield to approve the host city agreement. Now the company is finalizing the details of our RFP response, which is due by the end of this year. We think we can play a major role in the revitalization of that city in Western Mass., and we look forward to delivering a very comprehensive proposal to the state. The state's indicated that, that final decision is expected around April of next year. On the international front, we've been very active in Japan, just to remind people of that. We've been meeting with a lot of stakeholders there over the last few years and we are actively pursuing that. There's a growing consensus there that gaming will be expanded and we plan to participate in that process. I think our operating and development expertise as well as our ability to be good partners, I think, are great advantages for us. And in Korea, you may know the government is considering legislation to permit integrated resorts. We've been working with other gaming companies and engaged with the market there. And I think, also there, the view is becoming more favorable, so we'll have to see. But that is potentially, again, a very large opportunity. I just have to say that we're proud of how we're doing, and we're off to a good start for this year, and I think the best is yet to come. And I'll turn it over to the Dan.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Thanks Jim. Our strong second quarter results were led by increased margins at our wholly-owned domestic resorts, which increased by over 150 basis points year-over-year, driven by a 250 basis points increase at our Strip properties. In fact, we're able to maintain our margins on a sequential basis as well on the Strip, which is pretty impressive given the whole dynamic on our table games play. Our regional properties remain best-in-class and market share leaders, but these markets remain highly competitive and increasingly crowded. With that in mind, we continue to believe that the growth in Las Vegas will outperform our existing regional markets for the foreseeable future. We truly have the best revenue yield management team and, thanks to them, we're able to drive our ADR up over 2% in the quarter and increase our occupancy despite having roughly over 70,000 more room nights available this quarter than last year as the room remodel at the MGM Grand was in full force in the second quarter last year, and those rooms now are fully back online. Convention trends for 2013 remain in line with our expectations that we had coming into the year. Our second quarter convention mix increased slightly and our rate grew mid single-digits. We continue to see moderate growth in convention room nights going into the third quarter and, based on that, along with some solid retail booking trends we're seeing, we expect REVPAR in the third quarter to be up 3%. From a productivity standpoint, the team is doing an outstanding job. The second quarter was our highest Strip convention room nights booking quarter for future dates. Importantly, the composition of those future bookings is impressive with over 50% of those convention room nights booked in the second quarter coming from corporate business. That's pretty important, as you all know, because that is the most profitable segment in the convention room nights, and 2014 and beyond are getting stronger by the day. These strong sales trends are a solid indicator for our business in 2014 and going forward, and our 14-pace remains up double-digits. Recall in March of 2014, we have CON/AGG, big citywide convention back in Las Vegas, some 150,000 attendees usually show up for that show. They come in every 3 years, they're a great event for the entire town, that's one of the key drivers to pace next year. But looking beyond that, we're seeing significant pace increases in each of the second, third and fourth quarter next year. In fact, we're up at least high single-digits each quarter next year when you're looking at the non-CON/AGG piece of the business. So we're pretty excited about the pace of 2014 and the traction that we continue to make in the important segment of our room booking pace on the convention and meeting side.  Looking at the balance sheet and helping with some of your modeling. We currently have over $1 billion of available liquidity on our corporate revolver and some excess cash as well. Excluding MGM China, our current debt is approximately $12.6 billion. At the end of the second quarter, MGM China had cash of approximately $840 million and debt of $553 million. And as you saw in the release this morning, MGM China announced its first semi-annual dividend as part of its regular dividend policy. They declared a dividend of roughly $113 million, of which $57 million will be distributed to MGM Resorts and approximately $55 million to all other shareholders on/or about September 2. As we stated before, the MGM China Board will also continue to consider special dividends from time to time as well as the annual dividend policy. In total, MGM China has distributed $312 million in dividends to MGM Resorts this year alone. CityCenter currently has approximately $1.85 billion in outstanding senior notes and excess cash of approximately $365 million, and they also have about $72 million remaining in the condo proceeds account. Our second quarter CapEx at our wholly-owned resorts was approximately $65 million, and our full year CapEx for MGM Resorts wholly-owned properties remains unchanged at roughly $350 million. Our corporate expense in the quarter came in slightly above our guidance, primarily due to our ongoing development initiatives in Maryland and Massachusetts. We expect corporate expense to be in the range of $45 million to $50 million per quarter for the remainder of the year. Our stock compensation is estimated to be approximately $6 million to $7 million in the third quarter and depreciation expense is estimated to be consistent with the second quarter. Following the repricing of our term loan this past May, we also had a step-down in pricing on our revolver in our Term Loan A along with the step-down in pricing at MGM China's credit facility. We estimate that our gross interest expense for the third quarter will be approximately $210 million, including about $5 million from MGM China and about $9 million in noncash amortization. And with that, I'll turn it over to Bobby to talk about CityCenter.
Robert H. Baldwin: Thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. ARIA's EBITDA was $50 million, a decrease of $6 million or 11% year-over-year, as it was negatively impacted by approximately $10 million in whole when compared to the 24-month average whole percentage. Our hotel business continues to improve due to greater brand awareness and increased convention room nights. This was our best REVPAR quarter ever at $194. Our best-in-class convention facility continues to drive bookings, as we had our highest future convention bookings quarter since opening. These future bookings are solidifying our convention base over the next several years. Our food and beverage profit is growing, driven by strength in catering for conventions and the increasing popularity of our fine dining restaurants. We recently welcomed Five50, a pizza restaurant by James Beard award-winning Chef, Shawn McClain, which opened July 4. Five50 is a great casual addition to the restaurant offerings at ARIA and the public's initial reaction has been extremely positive. If you've been to Las Vegas Strip lately, you'll notice our 250-foot LED marquee sign on Las Vegas Boulevard, which made its debut in mid-April and is the largest digital screen on the Las Vegas Strip. The marquee increases our brand visibility, promotes ARIA's restaurant collection, our M life rewards programs, Crystals retail outlets and features customized welcome messages for our large convention groups. This marquee is a game-changing symbol for marketing on the Strip, and it's captivating pedestrians from both north and south ends of Las Vegas Boulevard. I would like to also highlight that Crystals had its best quarter ever, up 21% year-over-year, and we continue to add tenants as our second Starbucks is now open and we recently executed 2 additional leases. As the real estate market in Las Vegas continues to improve, and we are seeing increased sales for our Las Vegas CityCenter condos. During the quarter, we sold 45 units at Mandarin Oriental and 7 units at Veer, for a total of $54 million of proceeds. In July, we sold another 21 units at Mandarin Oriental. And that concludes my report. I'll turn it over to you, Grant.
Grant R. Bowie: Thanks, Bobby. For the second quarter, MGM China net revenues increased 18% to $835 million and generated an all-time record EBITDA around $205 million, and that was up 10% year-over-year. This number includes a branding fee of $15 million. Our strong results was driven by record performance in both the VIP and our main floor gaming table segments where our growth outpaced the market. The VIP turnover reached another property record with approximately 34% growth year-over-year and we continue to see success from the addition of our 2 second-floor VIP area and the introduction of a new operator in mid-April. Our overall VIP win for the quarter was approximately 2.9%, and that was versus 3.3% for the prior year. We also had a record main floor table games quarter. We're able to drive main floor table game volumes up 11% and revenue up 29% year-over-year with our continued focus on table yield management and strategically targeting the premium segment. Slot handle increased by 11% during the quarter and we remain the market leader for single property in terms of slot gross gaming revenues. During the second quarter, our total CapEx was $80 million. Our MGM total expenditures were approximately $78 million during the second quarter. We expect our full year totalized spend to be approximately $290 million. Our overall budget remains unchanged at $2.6 billion for MGM Cotai, excluding land and capitalized interest. And based on our progress to that, we are now anticipating an early 2016 opening. At MGM Macau, we expect to spend approximately $56 million in 2013. We believe our continuous upgrade of our product on offer is one of the keys to remain competitive in this market. And during the third quarter, both our high-limit slot room and our Las Vegas table games room will be temporarily off-line for refurbishment. And with that, I'd like to turn back to Jim for his closing remarks.
James Joseph Murren: Thank you, Grant. Thanks for being up so late. Well, before we get to the questions, just a couple of final points. Clearly, we see here in Las Vegas a continuation of the recovery. Housing in general in the U.S. obviously is improving, so is the case here in Las Vegas. That's important to our business. We've talked about that before, but we see a great correlation between housing and our core business. Airline carriers are starting to add more seats to Las Vegas, it's really important to the entire market, important to us. Flight capacities are trending higher, and that means domestic and international carriers are adding planes. We've been working with the LVCVA to increase international visitation in particular. And as you know, the extreme growth in South America has benefited many U.S. cities, beginning to benefit Las Vegas. Copa Airlines are bringing in more flights from Brazil, as a matter of fact, through Panama City to Las Vegas, so that's a big deal for us. Las Vegas recovery, I think, will be felt more by us. Our market share is growing in this market, as we strategically add the capital to upgrade the rooms, add the F&B, add the entertainment. By the way, on the entertainment front, next month, we're going to have one of the biggest fights in the history of Las Vegas, the Mayweather-Canelo Alvarez fight. It's going to set all kinds of records in terms of at the gate, in closed circuit. And we're hosting many parties at our venues closed circuit. So up and down the Strip, quite a bit of activity in September. September ends with the I Heart Music Festival, that's another big event for the city and for ourselves, of course, at the MGM Grand. And for the first time, we're also going to have an outdoor concert in the Festival Grounds we just literally finished across from Luxor. I mention that because the way to drive more productivity in these buildings, we believe, is to continue to create excitement, relatively low cost ways. Festival Grounds don't cost a lot of money to build, but they generate a lot of traffic and, of course, a lot of traffic in the neighborhood, and we own most of the neighborhood. I think that you'll find as we move to the balance of this year and into next year, continued targeted capital, which we believe will continue to build our share of this market. Revenues is, obviously, growing for us, and we've been watching cost, as Dan mentioned, very aggressively. Margin expansion is the result. Free cash flow is growing, and we reduced the debt by almost $0.5 billion. And of course, our objective is clear: to drive cash flows, improve our balance sheet. We think that's the surest way to work for our owners. And so with that, we can turn over to the operator, please, for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Dan, Jim, the group trends that you talked about for 2014 are encouraging, particularly in relation to what all of us are hearing from some of the traditional hotel companies, look no further than Ryman this morning. Why do you think the Strip is experiencing positive pace whereas maybe the traditional hotel industry is not? And maybe you can kind of talk about it in the context of in the year, for the year, how important or critical that is for you to kind of get to these mix levels as a percentage of room nights?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I think, Joe, I'll start. And I think the key is the Las Vegas market, from a composition standpoint, is much different. Coming in to given year, we have roughly about 80% to 90% of our contracted room nights on the books and solid going into a given year. So we don't rely on as much in the year, for the year. That really helps us fill up the rest of that, call it 15% to 20% level of the room nights and allows us to kind of offset attrition throughout the year. So I think when you look at this market vis-à-vis some of the other hotel markets, they rely a lot more on in the year, for the year and in this market, it's less reliant on it. And I think that's probably the biggest factor.
James Joseph Murren: Yes, Dan, I'll just add that the trade show component of Las Vegas has held up really well, I mean, in fact, it has grown. What Las Vegas got hurt by was the corporate business and the incentive business. That's still down dramatically from where it was in '07. And of course, that business is the highest margin business in the group sales side. And what's most encouraging about the number that Dan cited in terms of our bookings is that, 51%, Corey? 51% of what we booked lately is in the corporate and incentive side. So not only are the bookings improving, but the weakest part of the business, which is the highest margin part, we're starting to see significant growth. And I was thinking of a couple of groups, I can't mention the names, but the big conventions in the incentive side and corporate side that left us in '07, started doing virtual conferences, and now they've just booked multi-year deals with a lot of revenue. So I think it's not only the in the year, for the year, which is not as important to us, as Dan mentioned, but the composition of the rooms that we're booking now give us a lot more pricing flexibility going forward.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And then the next question, my final question is, there was a recent media report on efforts to market for sale Crystals. I was hoping you can just talk about that broadly.
James Joseph Murren: Sure, I'll tackle that one. I saw that in the Wall Street Journal. We've gotten, over the year, I don't know, 3 or 4 different inquiries about selling Crystals as retail become hot again and cap rates have fallen. And so, we felt like we need to respond to that. And we have been doing some exploratory work on that. And all I could say is that the interest is high, but also the value of Crystals is high to us. And so, I can't say what's going to happen there specifically, but for the fact that cap rates are still pretty low, which means multiples for assets like that are dramatically higher than what we're getting credit for in the marketplace. We recognize that big valuation discrepancy and we're taking a look at that, but I can't tell you how that's going to go.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura Securities.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have 2 questions. The first is your margin continued to surprise on the upside. Can you talk about what you're doing on the cost side, both on the casino and non-casino side that is making a difference and its sustainability as we look into 2014?
James Joseph Murren: Maybe I'll do 2 and then turn it over to you, Dan, or Corey.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure.
James Joseph Murren: I think we mentioned a few calls ago, we moved Anton Nikodemus over from Monte Carlo to head up Casino Marketing. He's put together quite a program, a great program with all our marketing folks, and we have found tremendous opportunities to be less wasteful in our -- some of our promotional activity. And so on the casino side, it's been really a function of being smarter on our promotional activity, being more targeted to our best customers, being more thoughtful in how we're marketing broadly, and M life is certainly helping quite a bit in that -- on that front. And I think on the non-gaming side, I'd have to point to room remodels, it's -- they don't sound sexy, but sure -- they sure generate a lot of cash flow, incremental. And when you upgrade rooms like we have done here at Bellagio and MGM and also some of this new food and beverage offerings, which are very high ROI projects, I think you're seeing a better mix of people in the rooms, which generates more gaming and non-gaming revenue, which improves margins. On the cost side, our FTEs are just flat year-over-year, continue to manage all of our costs and we've -- Rick Arpin and his team have done a great job on our financials shared services department and other ways of being more clever internally on how we manage this business more efficiently. And again, Dan or...
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: No.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, then moving on. Moving on to my second question, it's related to your alliance on the third party travel providers, the vendors. Have you begun to see any improved ability to actually control more of your room blocks? And if so, to what degree is it moving the needle? And when you replace a customer that comes in through a third party vendor with one of your own that has been sourced, what is the differential in the value per customer per room?
Corey I. Sanders: Harry, it's Corey. With regards to the third party operators, we have been able to move some of it. We're focused on it with, not only our M life, but our myVegas game has actually been able to convert some people into the FIT channels. That channel has grown and will continue to grow because a lot of the international customers are booking through Expedia and booking.com. So our goal is how we maximize that channel and how we put it into our mix and yield our rooms up the best we can. We will constantly have strategies to try to shift that channel as much as we can but, right now, it's at excellent pace, it's a good block for us to be able to yield our rates upwards. From a comparison of customers and the value of those customers, the lines have blurred from an FIT and leisure customer over the years. I would say the FIT customer does have a little bit more value, but we're seeing that value come to a little bit closer to the leisure customer.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. Do you get the sense -- as a follow-up, do you get the sense that the international customers that you're booking, do they come with bigger wallets? Are they spending more on food and beverage and entertainment and in the casino?
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. And not only that, the survey information from the LVCVA will back that up also. They'll come a few extra nights, probably a little bit less in the casino and more on the entertainment and food and beverage venues that they're spending, but they're probably worth about 15% to 20% more than the domestic leisure customers.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Bain with Sterne Agee.
David Bain - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Just following up on the Crystals discussion. Obviously, a sale could lead to a potential dividend to MGM. But could you also look to use those proceeds to potentially consolidate CityCenter? And then can we get an update on CityCenter refi, just given the strong performance in 2Q in the credit market?
James Joseph Murren: Well, I don't know how much we'll answer on that one, but you want to start on the refi, Dan?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes. I mean, clearly, David, there's an opportunity as CityCenter has been ramping up its cash flows and its operation. Its -- net debt, it's kind of in the $1.5 billion range and its trailing 12-month EBITDA is just inside of $300 million in cash flows. So the clear profile of CityCenter is improving. The cost structure on the debt side today is pretty expensive, that first call date through January of 2014 on the notes, and that will be an undertaking that the partners will start looking at here in the back half of the year and early next year from a refi perspective.
James Joseph Murren: And I guess, the only thing I'd add to that is so many of the challenges we had at the end of '09 and 2010, residential inventory that we could not sell, hotel condo that we couldn't sell as hotel condo, Crystals not being occupied well, Mandarin not having any sea legs underneath it, almost all of those challenges we've met and we've overcome. Residential story is now a positive one. Instead of having an anvil around our neck, which seem like we had for many years, it's an asset, not a liability. Crystals is doing better literally every month. The hotel condo, which is Vdara, is actually making a decent amount of money for us. And so both partners, I feel I could speak for our side, are very pleased with the progress of CityCenter. And that's all I would say about it at this point.
David Bain - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just 2 more. Not to get picky, just given the solid broad base margin performance in Vegas, but the one we're expecting to see a little bit more flow-through on was the Grand, given the non-gaming adds, can you speak to that one a little bit? How we should we view it going forward?
James Joseph Murren: Well, I think, it was up -- what was it up, 7%? I think there are a few things -- I think it was pretty good. But expect more because if you've been in it lately, obviously, Hakkasan has been a tremendous revenue generator. But there's going to be quite a bit more work done in that area. The space that used to occupy sleeping lions in the Lion Habitat is going to be redone into food and beverage venue. I don't think we've announced that yet, but that will be a big deal there. And that whole corner is going to be significantly upgraded as we open that up to the Strip. I think that's going to have a big impact on the Grand. And the other is -- in next year, in particular, citywide -- I don't think we talked to much about it, but the citywides are going to have a significant impact on properties like the Grand being more business in the city next year will benefit those big box properties like MGM.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And I think when you look at it, I mean, their performance year-over-year is up some 70% in terms of cash flow. When you look at the -- that flow-through, I mean that's about 80% in terms of flow-through when you look at the results. So I think it's pretty impressive by the Grand.
David Bain - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. My bad, I was looking sequentially. Anyway, the -- Grant, I just had one question for you. We've heard some chatter on the air quality test results and that may be followed by a debate in the assembly surrounding smoking regs. Can you give us any thoughts on how that plays out?
Grant R. Bowie: On the process it's going forward, we have a -- the government continues to test and we continue to test ourselves. And in reality, the process is, I guess, working itself through in terms of how the government perceives people's commitment to improving air quality. Obviously, we have invested significantly and we'll continue to do that to ensure that we provide the best environment that we possibly can. So it's an evolving process. I think all of these health and safety initiatives are an ongoing -- a progressive thing, and that's -- and we, obviously, just staying as close as we can and working with the government and with the other operators to try and make sure we have the best environment we can.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Kelly Knybel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Kelly filling in. I'm just wondering if you could maybe give a little bit more color on the rates that you guys are seeing in your 2014 convention business that you have on the books right now?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: It's pacing right now, up about mid single-digits right now in terms of its pace.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Grant Govertsen with Union Gaming Macau.
Grant Govertsen: I've got a couple for Grant in Macau. Grant, in your prepared remarks, you're highlighting premium as one of the key drivers of the mass floor. I'm wondering if you could just give us a little bit more color on growth rates between premium and mass mass at the property?
Grant R. Bowie: It's a little bit difficult for us to do that because we are such a strong performer in the premium side in terms of -- and the way we allocate the capacity. But from our perspective, it's pretty consistent across the breadth of the play through the categories. And as I say, we really don't really penetrate into the deep mass mass. We -- I think we've -- you and I have discussed together, we really are a mid- to upper-mass operator. So with what I see coming through to some of the other operators that are into that area, it seems to be pretty strong right across the mass segments.
Grant Govertsen: Okay great. And then just a follow-up, and not to sound too nitpicky, but on the -- on your slot floor, the sequential decline of about 8% from the first quarter, could you just remind us, was there some anomaly in the first quarter that caused a spike and then a little trail off in handle into the second quarter?
Grant R. Bowie: I think it's fair to say in that first period, we had some exceptionally high performances at the very top end of the market, and a couple of those -- we've lost a couple of visits as a result of that. So I think that's something of an anomaly from the prior quarter and a strength to the prior quarter. But the strength of the price across the range now is actually very pleasing, but it's not just limited to the very top end, it's actually coming across the product range. And we've also been doing some refurbishments and that's meant -- we'd be moving some machines around, so we actually lost some capacity -- we lost some units off the floor for a little period of time as we are moving that through. So it's not really apples-for-apples in terms of absolute number of units and revenue per unit per day calculation either.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Jim, on your luxury side, you obviously did well this quarter with nice flow-through. You've talked about that a lot. So just wondering, we're also starting to see some improvement out of your retail or core properties, I'm just wondering if you can just discuss what you're seeing there.
James Joseph Murren: Sure. We did have some growth in the second quarter, it was minimal, but it was growth. I think that it's a combination of two things. One is as the luxuries are lifting off, but not only ourselves but our competitors, we're able to draft the core properties off to luxuries. And so you're seeing some of that occur, although I don't frankly think it's going to happen significantly until next year, and I'll get to that in a second. And the second is a few of the properties have had nice shots of excitement. Obviously, Monte Carlo is doing significantly better, it's got a new show, it's got some F&B; Luxor, the same thing, with a new show. And so some, I think some of the core properties have benefited from that. I really am not expecting a significant amount of growth. I shouldn't say this because the property president is probably listening in, but I'm not expecting too much growth out of the core this year. I do expect a significant increase in cash flows next year at those properties because what we're doing at New York-New York and Monte Carlo and because of the citywides, which will most benefit those properties.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then if you just -- and then just, I know your overall hold on the Strip was just in the normal range, but were there any properties that either held well or poorly that you could discuss outside of ARIA?
James Joseph Murren: Well, Mirage held poorly again.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes. Mirage was high single-digits last year, and they beat that by just barely going into double-digits this year. Bellagio was actually down year-over-year and the Grand was up a little bit. So despite the strong performance at Bellagio, their hold was still outside of what I would say would be in their normal range.
James Joseph Murren: And then -- and really, the only outlier was Mirage being 10%, basically.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just my last question. Grant, you mentioned that there's going to be some disruption in your high limit flat room in the Las Vegas table games rooms. So I was just wondering how we should think about that disruption over the next period from that being off-line?
Grant R. Bowie: I guess I'm just telegraphing it, but frankly, I don't expect it to have an overall negative impact over the whole half because we -- obviously, with the refurbishment, we expect to see a pickup in the win rates coming out. So I think it may have some impact and we're just indicating that, but I don't think that it's going to have anything detrimental over the entire half. It might move some business between the third quarter to the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was just wondering if you could start by maybe talking about the gaming side. Maybe a little bit more big picture in Vegas, but it does look, relative to the market, that your volume numbers were pretty good on both tables and slots, so it seems like you're picking up some share. Could you talk about, is it M life or kind of what do you think is driving that? Is it disruption from across the street or just kind of what you think some of the drivers are behind that?
James Joseph Murren: Well, slots side, definitely, M life is helped quite a bit. The international, it's still strong. I mean, I think our competitors saw that as well. We certainly did at our luxury properties. The domestic side was the weak part in '11 and '12. That's even getting a little bit better. So I would say, the higher end properties or the quality properties within different price points are seeing a little bit more than their fair share. I know our fair share is growing, but I think the market is lifting in general. And so I would expect that the other properties that don't break out specifically their cash flows like we do, probably also have seen that kind of -- they should've seen that kind of improvement. We're definitely seeing it. And I -- what's most gratifying, I think, because international business has been strong even during the recession, it was the only bright spot. What's most gratifying for us is continued growth in our slot business. That was an area where we felt, in self-reflection, we were weaker than we should have been and I don't think we were smart as we could have been on slot marketing, on loyalty marketing. That is definitely yielding higher revenues for us. And then we can't take credit for a U.S. recovery, but we can be a beneficiary of it. And we're seeing that in our domestic table play.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And then maybe one for Dan, just on CapEx. But as we look at where you're at kind of through the first half and compare it to the $350 million budget, it looks like you're actually meaningfully below that. So we were just kind of wondering, do you expect a pickup in spending? Is that related more to the some of the activity at New York-New York and Monte Carlo or is spending -- the spending picked up for the arena project or is there something else?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: It is a little back-half-of-the-year-loaded because you do have the ongoing projects at Monte Carlo and New York-New York that are in the back half of the year just getting started here in June and July, so those will pick up through the course of the year. And we aim to complete those early next year as those start coming online. And you do have the Delano room remodel project that will start late this year, probably looking at November, December time frame, and for completion by kind of April of next year. So there are some big-ticket items in the back half of the year that's throw off kind of the spending trend.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's helpful. And just maybe one more -- maybe just one in CapEx for Cotai, but do you guys have a sense of the budget including the $2.6 billion excludes land concession, cap interest and, I imagine, the preopening costs? Do you have a sense for like all in, what the $2.6 billion will be?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, the $2.6 billion includes preopening, but it does exclude the land concession and cap interest as that will get squirrely between corporate and the project itself going forward. Grant, do you recall what the total concession payments were? I don't have that in front of me.
Grant R. Bowie: Neither do I because, obviously, I came in over an extended 5-year period as well, so that's why we pulled those out because it's not all paid. We can get back to you on that.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: We'll get that for you, Shaun. Those are public information [indiscernible].
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: You mentioned earlier your new loyalty partnerships with Hyatt and Southwest Airlines. As we think about your Vegas operations improving going forward, can you give us examples of how such partnerships like these drive heads and beds, pricing power and other revenues? And I have a follow-up.
James Joseph Murren: [indiscernible]?
Corey I. Sanders: Yes, I could take it. The Hyatt and Southwest partnerships, what they allow us to do is take some of that base that may have been even their leisure or going to our competitors and fill them into our FIT channels. And those additional rooms just allow us to yield up our rooms a lot higher. The Hyatt partnership is a perfect partnership for us because their convention business model is very conducive for our business here. So I think that we're seeing some benefit there especially in our luxury properties, it fits nicely there. The Southwest partnership, to be able to get the points, you have to become an M life member. So it allows us to convert some -- and improve our database for M life with these customers that are loyal, not only to Southwest, but they'll become loyal to us. So we've seen some very good lift from both of those partnerships. And in times, especially when it's competitive in the summer, it only helps us gain market share, especially in the core properties on the Southwest side.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then you mentioned earlier that 51% of your recent convention bookings were corporate and incentives, it seems like that's much higher than it's been the past few years. Can you give us a sense of where it was over the past few years?
James Joseph Murren: It's about twice what it was. I mean, in the last few years, it never got over like 25%. That's by far the biggest incremental growth in our booking we've seen in the corporate side. And now, as I said, it's little over half of it.
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. We've lost about 30% of our corporate room nights from peak and we're seeing that beginning to recover.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I wonder if you could talk a little bit about Baccarat volume in Vegas in the quarter? I mean, the city had it declining which hasn't happened in a little while, and I wonder if you could talk about that. And if that maybe -- was that intentional in terms of cutting back on some Baccarat events and is that part of what helps -- helped in terms of your margins and cost saves in Vegas?
James Joseph Murren: We'll take a look at that, Robin. Do you have that? I'm guessing it was an events-driven difference because I know we had a big fight in that quarter a year ago, but we're looking at that.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And I'm just wondering if that was also maybe part of the margin improvement. Was -- if there were some high-end events that weren't as profitable or weren't as high margin, is that kind of what -- so the result was lower volume in Baccarat but higher margin and profitability overall?
James Joseph Murren: No, I don't think that would have been the case. The margin would have been higher if we had more Baccarat business. But the events I was talking about were slot events and some of the lower end table events and some of the mailings, and some of the other promotional activity we do. The Baccarat margins haven't declined, they're actually flat or up a little bit. But I know we had a big -- we had a Mayweather fight in the second quarter, didn't we, last year?
Corey I. Sanders: Yes, we did this year.
Unknown Executive: This year too.
James Joseph Murren: But it wasn't as good...
Corey I. Sanders: No.
Corey I. Sanders: But if you look at -- without ARIA, we actually had more win on the international side in table games play. And for the year, year-to-date, we have had record international win. But ARIA had a little bit of a challenge for the quarter, partially because they held really well last year, and they had some pretty strong play. But I would say the play is still there, maybe 1 or 2 customers that may came in last year, I think -- and this year for the quarter. But the solid base is still there, we're seeing a good volume of people coming in, and I think we're pretty happy with the international number.
Robert H. Baldwin: And the drop at ARIA is up for the 6 months, and so is the win in Baccarat.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It sounds like for the wholly-owned, so Q2, maybe volume was down, win was up but volume was down or something?
Corey I. Sanders: It was slightly down, yes. Yes, it was down.
James Joseph Murren: But win was up.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then for convention rooms as I know you made a couple of comments about 2014. I don't know if you mentioned what room nights, both number of room nights and rates for '13 will end up year-over-year, how you're tracking?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Convention room nights as a percentage of mix, Robin, we're pacing right now for '13, about 14.5% to kind of 15% kind of is the range that we're pacing with [indiscernible] up over last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Coyne with Goldman Sachs.
Kevin Coyne - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First, I was just wondering, how many unsold condos there are at the Veer and Mandarin after the July sale?
Robert H. Baldwin: There are 4 unsold Veer penthouses and 89 units at Mandarin.
Kevin Coyne - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. Just turning to Detroit, obviously, it's been in the headlines with the bankruptcy. And I don't know if anyone really knows how it's going to unfold. But has your business been impacted since the headlines? And where -- what do you think could happen going forward?
Corey I. Sanders: At this point in time, Kevin, we haven't seen any impact. The planners in Detroit from a convention and meeting standpoint are not forecasting any impact at this point to the future business. So right now, in Detroit, other than what we talked about from the competitive nature, it's business as usual in Detroit.
James Joseph Murren: I actually felt it get a little better. Yes.
Kevin Coyne - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And one final one on Internet gaming, just a general update on the rollout in Nevada. And I guess as it relates to that, how is maybe the progress on the relicensing in New Jersey?
Corey I. Sanders: I'll take the relicensing in New Jersey. From that standpoint, Kevin, that process is underway. We made and continue to make the applications and the follow-ups, so which usually about a 9- to 12-month process from that standpoint. Obviously, the folks in New Jersey are busy on their Internet gaming and licensing requirements there, so there's a bandwidth issue, I'm sure back there with everything they're trying to get accomplished on a parallel path. But our relicensing process is underway and we're moving forward on that front.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. And on the Internet side, we have a number of initiatives that are kind of on a parallel path. One is, of course, still federally, we haven't given up hope although it's becoming very challenging there. And on a state-by-state basis, Nevada is moving quite rapidly along. There's already one launched. I think Caesar's is going to be the next they're coming up soon. We've going to be following them, but we've really been focusing on the -- Nevada's ability to compact with other states to create more liquidity and we've been focusing on those other states as well. So we have a big team that is preparing ourselves on a state-by-state basis in the states that we believe would be the most productive for us. And we've been working with the State of Nevada on their efforts to compact with other states. So I think from our standpoint, the opportunity becomes interesting once Nevada has the ability to compact with another state. As a standalone opportunity, there's just not a lot of people that live in our state here. So the market size is relatively small compared to what we think it ultimately will be as more states come online.
Operator: And your last question is from the line of Rich Hightower with ISI Group.
Richard A. Hightower - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just one quick question on Macau for Grant. Obviously, revenues were up nicely in terms of the mass segment especially, but overall EBITDA margins dropped, it looks like a couple hundred basis points. And I'm just curious, was this a function of lower VIP hold year-over-year? Is there something else going on in terms of promotions and give backs and so forth in the mass segment or some of those other areas?
Grant R. Bowie: The principal reason was actually the mix of revenues. This quarter, we had a lower hold particularly in our in-house play, so it's really just a revenue mix that's affected the margins.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And the other point I'd make, Grant, is that branding fee is actually up year-over-year, so that expense is up year-over-year, and that impacts the margin. But you should look at it pretty that branding fee.
Richard A. Hightower - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, I appreciate it. Then actually, one more question, if I may, just quickly on Las Vegas. It does like FTEs have been flat for the past couple of quarters. But I'm just wondering when we should expect that to round-trip and then show some natural cost inflation going forward again. And then maybe if you could fold in your expectations, your updated expectations on the Affordable Care Act when that kicks in, I'd appreciate it.
James Joseph Murren: FTE, obviously, is full time equivalent, that's the hours worked, so there's no component of wages in that, it's just -- what our headcount is. And that's been basically flat for 3 years, and I expect it to remain that way. We might have some increase in FTE counts as in the banqueting area, in the convention area, particularly as we get into higher citywides in '14, but don't expect -- I don't expect that to grow demonstrably at all. As it [indiscernible] negotiations are going well as they typically have constructive [indiscernible] agreement on a going-forward basis and [indiscernible] on health care as well as it relates to the culinary. On non-union members, we do know that this is going to -- there'll be a cost to us. We haven't quantified internally exactly what it is. It's a few million dollars, it could be $5 million, but it's not more, it's in that kind of range, and it's just something we'll have to absorb. So our costs are pretty low in terms of their inflation growth. Managing our expenses outside of labor is also a big factor here, which we didn't get into, but we're finding great efficiencies in procurement in consolidations, and we've been able to mitigate some wage growth by cost savings in other expense areas. And that's why we believe that, in general, any revenue growth that we get should flow to the bottom line because our costs are pretty flat.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And I would add, we've been able to manage our health cost, so where they're flat this year. We think we have ways to offset any of that cost increase. So we would expect a little to normal inflation in our health cost going forward. Thanks, Rich. And Jennifer, I think, with that, that will conclude today's call.
Operator: Thank you very much. This does conclude today's conference call, and you may now disconnect.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Thank you.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer James Joseph Murren - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert H. Baldwin - Chief Design & Construction Officer, Director, President of Project Citycenter and Chief Executive Officer of Project CC LLC Grant R. Bowie - President Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Richard A. Hightower - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Grant Govertsen - Union Gaming Research, LLC Susan Berliner - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Chad Beynon - Macquarie Research Kevin Coyne - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bobby Baldwin, Chief Design and Construction Officer of MGM Resorts International and President and CEO of CityCenter; Corey Sanders, Chief Operating Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Grant Bowie, Chief Executive Officer of MGM China Holdings, Limited. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Mackenzie, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Before we get started, just a few disclaimers here. The call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and a replay of the call will be made available on our website. We furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC this morning as well. Before getting started, on this call we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report our results today. This is the best first quarter we've had in 5 years. We've made broad sweeping progress on many fronts. Our marketing efforts are paying off. We are growing revenues, increasing our share and building loyalty. Our capital investments in room remodels, entertainment and F&B are generating attractive returns. We have, of course, strengthened our technology systems and have improved practices leading to the greater efficiencies that you see. During the first quarter, MGM reported net revenues up 3%. Property cash flows grew 20%, demonstrating the operating leverage in our business. We're also very pleased to report record results from CityCenter, nearly tripling its profit. We also had record results at MGM China. Our wholly owned domestic resorts results were driven by Las Vegas, where EBITDA grew 18% year-over-year. Visitation to Las Vegas remains strong, and macro trends are improving here, helping to drive the recovery. Growth in Las Vegas was somewhat offset by our regional properties, which faced difficult comparisons, as well as some of the early headwinds that have been well previewed in the marketplace. That being said, MGM Detroit and Beau Rivage remain market share leaders, and we are finding success in cross-marketing our Las Vegas properties to our regional customers. It appears to us that Las Vegas, the market hit hardest by the recession, is nicely recovering and that its performance will likely outstrip the existing regional markets for the foreseeable future. We continue to be hard at work to build the future of our business through development opportunities as there are key strategic investments that we see as attractive. Since our last earnings call, we have broken ground on MGM Cotai. Our site work is advancing at an accelerated pace, and we continue to be on track for a first half of 2016 opening date. In Maryland, we have been preparing our RFP for Prince George's County, which we will submit by the end of next week. We look forward to that progress and process and sharing more details on this exciting project to you in the future. In Massachusetts, we are honored by Mayor Sarno's confidence in selecting MGM to bring a world-class urban resort to Springfield. This is an important milestone in the process as the project now seeks city council approval, after which a referendum is possible as early as July and then, ultimately, we will compete at the state level for the Western region license. In Toronto, we and our partner, Cadillac Fairview, believe in our vision for an integrated resort in Toronto, and we continue to work towards that development opportunity. And back here in Las Vegas, we recently announced plans to dramatically enhance the experience and offerings with an outdoor retail and restaurant park at 2 of our iconic resorts, Monte Carlo and New York-New York. Hershey's, sbe and Shake Shack are already signed up to be anchor tenants in this project. We expect to be announcing further details about these projects very, very soon. We plan on integrating this outdoor park with our recently announced plans for a new world-class arena in partnership with AEG. This new 20,000-seat arena will be situated behind Monte Carlo and New York-New York and is planned to open in 2016. Our goal for the arena is to drive additional large events to Las Vegas, which further increases visitation and spend at our properties. I am pleased with our results for the first quarter and believe that we are well positioned for 2013. This is the beginning of a new era for MGM Resorts. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Dan D'Arrigo to talk about our operating results.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Thank you, Jim. Our strong first quarter results were led by increased margins at our wholly owned domestic resorts, which increased by over 250 basis points year-over-year, driven by a 335 basis point increase at our Las Vegas Strip properties. EBITDA on the Strip was driven by our luxury properties, which had a combined increase of 27% year-over-year, compared to a decrease of 1% at are non-luxury Strip properties. Our luxury properties continue to lead the way in the market, driven by increased convention room nights and the continued success of the high-end casino business. In our casino business, we are seeing the benefits of all the strategic initiatives we've put in place throughout last year. Organizational changes were made to streamline the international and national marketing teams to better service our customers and drive profitability. This was reflected in the first quarter as our Strip properties, including ARIA, had a record quarter in both international table games volume and win. M life has been focused on continuing to enhance the customer experience and driving regional play to the Strip. The more we learn about our customers, the more effective we are at marketing the right programs to them. Our Baccarat -- non-Baccarat table game win on the Strip, including ARIA, increased by 24%, and slot revenues grew by 4%. Room revenues and ADRs increased by about 2% in the quarter. While occupancy was down slightly, occupied room nights increased by 1% at our Strip properties as the remodeled rooms at the MGM Grand are now online. Recall that for the first 3 quarters of 2012, we had approximately 70,000 room nights off-line per quarter at the MGM Grand due to the room remodel program. We are seeing strong returns on our room remodel investments, as evidenced by Bellagio and MGM Grand, where we were able to maintain high occupancy levels and drive increased room rates. Our convention mix increased slightly, despite citywide convention attendees being down. And looking forward at the second quarter, we expect a strong convention calendar, which will drive REVPAR to be up approximately 2% year-over-year. Shifting over to the balance sheet and to help you with some of your modeling. On April 1, we repaid $462 million in outstanding principal amounts of senior notes at their maturity. And excluding MGM China and pro forma for this paydown, we currently have approximately $1.2 billion in available liquidity, including our excess cash and capacity under our revolver. Excluding MGM China, our current debt level is approximately $12.6 billion. At the end of the first quarter, MGM China had cash of approximately $565 million, debt of roughly $553 million and an adjusted leverage ratio of less than 1, based on their trailing 12-month EBITDA. MGM China in March paid a $500 million dividend, of which $255 million was retained by MGM Resorts and $245 million was distributed to all other shareholders. MGM China also put in place a regular dividend distribution policy for up to 35% of its annual profits to be paid semiannually. The board will also consider, going forward, special dividends from time to time. CityCenter has approximately $1.85 billion in outstanding senior notes and excess cash of approximately $240 million. In addition, CityCenter has approximately $200 million in cash from condo proceeds, which includes the recent receipt of approximately $40 million in net proceeds from the sale of our mortgage loan notes, which occurred here in April. CityCenter's credit profile has made tremendous progress with net debt of approximately $1.5 billion and LTM EBITDA from resort operations are roughly $290 million. CityCenter's overall leverage is just above 5x. Tremendous progress in the improvement of the capital structure at that joint venture. Our first quarter CapEx was approximately $53 million at our wholly owned domestic resorts and roughly $16 million at MGM Macau. MGM China spent an additional $28 million on MGM Cotai during the first quarter. Our wholly owned domestic CapEx guidance for the year remains at roughly $350 million, and that includes the amounts, for this year, of the recently announced projects at Monte Carlo and New York-New York. We expect corporate expense to continue to be in the $40 million to $45 million range per quarter, and our stock compensation and depreciation expense in the second quarter is estimated to be consistent with the first quarter. We estimate that our gross interest expense for the second quarter will be approximately $220 million, which includes about $7 million in interest in MGM China and $8 million in noncash amortization expense. With that, I'll turn it over to Bobby Baldwin to talk more about CityCenter.
Robert H. Baldwin: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. We're excited to report that in the first quarter of 2013, CityCenter achieved record EBITDA for the -- from the resort operations of $93 million. ARIA led the way with EBITDA of $78 million, a major improvement compared to the first quarter of 2012 where they earned $19 million EBITDA. We saw a significant increase in table games volume, led by a very strong international play associated with the Chinese New Year's. In the first quarter, ARIA held 28% compared to 16% in the prior year period. While ARIA is still a new property and has limited operating history, if you compare ARIA's hold during the quarter to its trailing 24-month average, then ARIA's hold was positively impacted by $9 million in the quarter. Slot revenue increased 4% compared to last year's first quarter. REVPAR at ARIA increased 5%, driven by a 2% ADR increase and an increase in occupancy. Convention room nights as a percentage of mix increased by 3 percentage points year-over-year. We continued to see growth in the food and beverage with a very strong quarter in catering and banquets, driven by growth in the convention segment and recent dining enhancements to the property, such as Javier's Mexican restaurant. Overall, food and beverage EBITDA at ARIA increased 20% year-over-year in the quarter. In February, we received notice from Forbes Travel Guide that ARIA's Sky Suites earned the prestigious Five-Star award, joining an elite class of resorts. ARIA's Sky Suites, along with the MGM Grand's Skylofts and Mandarin Oriental at CityCenter, are the only 3 properties in Las Vegas to earn both the AAA Five Diamond and Forbes Five-Star ratings. We're very proud of all the employees for achieving these amazing accomplishments. Vdara's EBITDA continues to improve as occupancy grows and is now approximately 86%. We are also finalizing construction plans to convert the Silk Road restaurant space into approximately 5,000 square feet of additional meeting and convention space, and we expect this to drive both occupancy and rate, with completion scheduled for the fourth quarter of this year. Crystals' EBITDA also increased 20% year-over-year, driven by high rents and new store openings. During the quarter, we signed a new lease for a Bobby Flay's Burger Palace, which will open later this year on the Las Vegas Strip as part of the Crystals complex. Additionally, we opened the Las Vegas Strip's Starbucks mid-March and also another Starbucks at the former Pods location inside Crystals in April. And this concludes my report, and I'll turn it over to you, Grant Bowie.
Grant R. Bowie: Thanks, Bobby. And again, good morning, and for the Asian listeners, good evening. For the first quarter, MGM China had another record net revenues of some $748 million. This was up 6% year-over-year. In terms of property EBITDA, we had our best quarter ever at $193 million, excluding the branding fee of $13 million. EBITDA margin improved to 26.2% from 25.4% a year ago due to a higher contribution from our main floor business, which now represents 65% of our EBITDA. Our overall VIP win rate for the quarter was approximately 2.8%, plus the normalized hold, with lower junket hold being offset by higher in-house VIP hold. Junket turnover was a property record with an almost 15% year-on-year growth. Volume increased notably and came mostly from our top-tiered junket operators. We're seeing success from our level 2 VIP gaming floor expansion, which opened last September, and the first quarter in-house VIP business increased volumes by 13% year-over-year. We also had a record quarter in our main floor table games with volume up 7% and revenues up 26% year-on-year. We're encouraged to see not only our premium areas, such as our Supreme and Platinum Lounges continue to perform well, but also our general main floor product produced record results. Now slot handle increased 28% during the quarter, driven by very strong play during our Chinese New Year. As Jim mentioned, we broke ground on MGM Cotai in February, and the pace of work continues to increase. We have completed our general contractor tender process and are finalizing the appointment of this very important partner for our project. Our Cotai project will have 1,600 rooms, 2,500 slots and up to 500 tables. The project will feature over 85% of gross floor area of non-gaming offerings, including restaurants, retail and entertainment attractions, as well as foundation work will also have been included for future expansion, and remains on schedule for opening in the first half of 2016. With that, I'll turn it back to Jim for his closing remarks. Thank you.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Grant. Here in Las Vegas, we're off to a good start in the quarter, and we're excited about a flurry of events and openings in the coming months. The spectacular 80,000 square foot restaurant lounge and night club, Hakkasan, has just opened to big crowds at the MGM Grand, just in time for the Floyd Mayweather fight this weekend and the Rolling Stones next weekend. Mandalay Bay is eagerly awaiting the opening of the Michael Jackson One show by Cirque du Soleil and a new nightclub, LIGHT, and a dayclub, Daylight, both opening around Memorial Day weekend. Mandalay Bay, as you may remember, has been without a show or a club for 2 years. And as history tells us, we should know what to expect when they do open for Mandalay. Luxor will be the new home of Jabbawockeez starting this month. And out in June, we host Beyonce, Justin Bieber and Pitbull. The economy here is improving. Housing is recovering, and our business and leisure customers are responding with higher spending. We have seen tangible benefits in cross-marketing to our select regional markets, and we are excited about our future development opportunities. We always remind ourselves that this economy is hard to predict. That, of course, always tempers our enthusiasm. But we're off to a good start, and we predict good things for the company in the future. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Jim, based on your comments, it sounded like this quarter's results could be interpreted as being an inflection point for the Las Vegas Strip. Do you think that's the right way to interpret your prepared remarks?
James Joseph Murren: Well, I think that -- we knew the first quarter was going to be tough citywides here, and we talked about that on our last call. And we did a bit better than we expected in the first quarter in the convention side in the year for the year, which helped us a little bit on the REVPAR side. We always knew the second quarter would be a little bit easier comp. But I have to just caution everybody that we just -- we've had headshakes in this economy before, so we -- and the scars of the recession have not fully healed. But I could tell you that what we're doing is working. The cost containment is clear. Our FTEs are flat year-over-year. Our efficiencies are leading to good expansion in margins. Revenues are building. I think we've picked up some market share. Chinese New Year's, I think, for everyone was very strong up and down the Strip. It was for us, obviously. But I'd have to say that subject to macro trends, which we cannot control, we feel good about Las Vegas, and we know the operating leverage here is very significant if we do get a little help from the broader economy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Grant, you mentioned that, overall VIP hold was normal, lower on the junket side, higher in-house. If we were to normalize VIP hold in both of those segments, can you help us to understand what normalized EBITDA, EBITDA margin would have been?
Grant R. Bowie: I think that what we're really saying is that even the [indiscernible] basically, the result is pretty well consistent with the normalized hold.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And with respect to your commentary about trends here in the 2Q on the Strip, with the 2% REVPAR growth, how do you think about that luxury versus non-luxury? Do we actually see, perhaps, a wider divergence between those 2 segments? Or do you see the lower end benefiting from convention-wise and just more activity overall? That's all for me.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Joe, this is Dan. I think you're still going to see that divergence between the luxury and the non-luxury. As April clearly benefits, with a stronger convention calendar, that will help from a citywide standpoint. It being up a little bit here in the second quarter as projected by the LVCVA, that will help the non-luxury properties, clearly. But the luxury properties are still driving the way, based on their ability to drive that midweek convention business.
James Joseph Murren: And I'd just to add to Dan that, I think we've said this before, it's consistent, that the convention business in Las Vegas this year will be okay. It won't be great citywide, but next year is a big year citywide. So when you have the kind of citywides we're predicting in 2014, that'll accrue to the benefit of, of course, Mandalay, but also to the properties that need Mandalay to have that business, Luxor, Excalibur, and also because of the LVCVA Circus Circus. So the cores this year are doing well, but I would expect next year, with the better convention business citywide, that they will do better.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of thoughts on -- maybe on the recap of CityCenter, especially as these Q1 trends show some sustainability, thoughts on how you could change the capital structure there. I know you've also talked about doing something with the mall. Is there an opportunity there? And then I know people have asked this in a couple different ways because it's striking, the difference between high end versus mid-price for your properties just on performance. What are you doing to improve the leisure side of things, Jim? It sounds like on the conference/convention, you feel that if that strengthens up, then there will be a trickle down into some of the mid-priced. But what can you do on the Friday to Sunday to improve the operating results in these mid-priced properties?
James Joseph Murren: All right, maybe I'll start on -- so first off, it's not a mall. It's too nice to be a mall.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sorry about that. Sorry.
James Joseph Murren: The Mall in Short Hills, but this is not a mall. And that's just an opportunity. There's -- really, we love Crystals. It's -- there's obviously a great market for retail in the country, particularly very high-end luxury retail. And that's about all we can say at this point, because we really love owning it, but there is obviously a financial opportunity. And then I'll turn it over to you, Dan.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes. I think on the recap, Steve, I think there's -- I think at some point in time here in the future, there is going to be an opportunity for CityCenter to relook and recast the debt structure there. The -- there's call dates that start kicking in, in January of next year, and that's going to give us an opportunity to really look at a different capitalization of CityCenter, both in terms of the debt structure itself and a lower interest rate environment that CityCenter will find itself in as we think about that opportunity.
James Joseph Murren: And then, Corey, did you want to add?
Corey I. Sanders: Sure. On the convention side, our -- of course, our leisure properties with significant convention space and mainly sold out in peak season are -- have a much easier time at raising the rates. On the core side, the leisure business is as strong as ever. And actually, one of the third-party providers just even mentioned how strong summer looks, being up over 50%, and I think we're the main benefactor of that. So as citywide grow eventually, we could reduce some of that, but we're using that to fill a lot of those core properties. When you look at the core properties, there's 2 sets of core properties. There's -- really, there's 3. There's Circus on the north. Then you have the south side. But the ones in the middle of the Strip, they're able to drive the rate, because they're in a premium location, and we've really improved the amenities on those properties. So the leisure component is still -- it's very important for those core properties as citywides stay at the level they -- that they're at.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just wanted to ask, again, back to kind of the operating expense side in Las Vegas. It seems like there's was really good cost control in the quarter. Our mass operating expenses were down about 2% year-on-year despite the revenue growth. So is that level of kind of run rate of cost reduction actually sustainable? And we would've thought that at least with adding in a few more rooms back in for MGM Grand that there might be some natural growth in that. So what are you doing to drive that?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, Shaun, I'll start and Corey will chime in. But clearly, as Jim pointed out earlier, maintaining our FTEs, which is a little more than half of our overall operating costs, is critical to drive the leverage and the flow-through in these units. And so I think it is sustainable in terms of keeping those costs in check. There'll be some moderate increases, we believe, going forward as with everything, from time to time, in commodity prices and different pieces. But I think the teams are viewing up and down each of our properties here in Las Vegas, as well as in our regional properties, and even Grant in Macau are laser focused on containing costs. And when we do see some increases, we're finding ways to mitigate increases with more efficiencies in other areas. So I think, overall, we're comfortable with what we're seeing right now, and there are opportunities to keep expenses in check going forward.
Corey I. Sanders: And what I would add in is we're getting smarter and more intelligent with technology on scheduling, which is an opportunity to refine our scheduling. And the other area that we've gotten a lot better in is the promotional expense on table games and when we hold events, when we don't hold events. Those are, I think, permanent. Every quarter, we're incurring savings that we were incurring last year that we should be able to reduce every quarter this year.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So, Corey, did those really roll out in the fourth quarter and then into the first? Is that kind of the timing behind those initiatives?
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. We started -- it's part of the realignment of how we focused on table games that Dan mentioned in his earlier comments. But yes, they started late in the fourth quarter, but really, the first quarter was our first full quarter implementing our new programs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Hightower with ISI Group.
Richard A. Hightower - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: It's actually a question for Dan. And now that you've put up a profitable quarter, I think this is a relevant question. Can you just describe, maybe in terms to help us for modeling purposes, what the tax shield from previous NOLs would be going forward, and how we should think about that?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: It's a good question, because every time we think we have a handle on the -- on our tax situation, it's -- there's always something that changes, given the nature of Macau and the earnings coming out of there and how we treat them from that standpoint. So I think here in the U.S., we do have some NOLs, but they really start to kind of burn off. And so as we move forward from a domestic perspective, we'll be looking at more normalized kind of U.S. tax rates, but that'll be offset by the benefits of Macau. And so I think that's going to be where it gets neutralized from a tax standpoint.
Richard A. Hightower - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So maybe no real cash impact on the tax shield there, given the strength in Macau?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes. I think that's accurate, Rich.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura Securities.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Two quick questions. Can you give us a sense of how much in Vegas your table volumes were up and -- in the first quarter? And do you expect that level of lift to continue for the balance of the year?
James Joseph Murren: Okay, Harry, we're going to get that for you right now. Go ahead, Corey.
Corey I. Sanders: Our total table volumes were actually down a little bit, Harry.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay.
Corey I. Sanders: But there is -- and that does not include ARIA, by the way. When you include ARIA, they're actually...
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: We're -- Harry, when you look at the non-Bacc table game numbers, they were up when you include ARIA and across-the-board here in Las Vegas from that perspective.
Corey I. Sanders: But it's just those numbers.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: All right. And then, Jim, a question for you. It's really kind of a 30,000-foot question for Vegas as a whole. As you look at load factors through McCarran, they're pretty close to historic highs. And I'm just wondering if -- what indicators, if anything, are you getting from McCarran or the airlines themselves about what's going to prompt them lifting airlift into Vegas, which is going to be an important driver of that midweek business going forward?
James Joseph Murren: All right. I'm going to -- we have some good news on the airlines front. And I'll turn it over to -- maybe, Dan?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes. I mean, I think, Harry, when you look at kind of seat capacity going forward as projected through the summer by McCarran, actual seat capacity is actually projected to be up in those forward-looking months. And just to kind of circle back to your earlier question, Harry, we were up overall, system-wide here in Las Vegas, up about 3% in table game volume.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And that includes ARIA?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Correct.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, okay. And then going back to the airline question. The seat capacity, do you have a sense of -- can you remind me what sort of lift do you have? And do you have it -- any sense of how it looks international versus domestic?
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. Harry, the seat capacities, especially in the summer, is going be up a few percent, which is very positive for us. Anything looking beyond 2 to 3 months is really hard to look at since the airlines are constantly changing their programs. The domestic side is constrained for the obvious reasons of how they're running their business. I think the growth in the airlines will be on the international side. The U.K. keeps adding flights. We believe Copa is very successful, continuing to add flights. WestJet out of Canada is doing very well. We're seeing Mexico and a few other European countries adding flights. So I think as the business travel improves and as the convention business improves, out -- going out towards 2014, you'll start seeing the domestic airlines adding more capacity to the market also.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I know you talked about REVPAR outlook for Q2 being a little bit ahead of Q1. Do you have any thoughts on Q3 at this point? I know your comments last quarter were -- had pretty decent visibility on the 2 quarters out. So just wondering what you were seeing there. And also, I was interested in a comment that -- I think it was Corey that made it during the Q&A there, about promotional events on table games last year that, I guess, will be eliminated this year. Just to get some color on that.
James Joseph Murren: Well, I'll take the REVPAR one, Robin. There's a lot of in the year for the year. There's quite a bit of movement around when you go out beyond the quarter. I think we're best suited to do a quarter-by-quarter forecast. And obviously, as we said, we look a little bit better here in the second quarter than the first. And Corey separately said that a couple of the third-party providers have talked about a strong summer, but I don't think we're prepared to give a REVPAR guidance for the third quarter. And on the second question?
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. On the promotional expenses, Robin, what we've done is we've eliminated putting events on top of events. And we've also focused on the profitability of our -- all of our players and understanding what promotions should drive them to the market. And we've been able to eliminate some promotional chips that we were giving in the past.
James Joseph Murren: Yes, I think we announced earlier that Anton Nikodemus, who was the President of Monte Carlo, has assumed the corporate role of Casino Marketing, and he's brought together all the properties. And we have eliminated a lot of the duplicative events that properties were having on top of one another, and also events that are occurring when we don't need to drive events for people. For example, March Madness. We used to have events around March Madness. Well, we know people are going to come for March Madness. We can reduce some of the slot or Baccarat tournaments around that. So it's just being more coordinated and our marketing approach to the customers being more targeted. And we only just started that, really, at the end of last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just quickly on the margin front. Obviously, this is the second quarter in a row you guys have showed some pretty strong Strip margins and nice healthy growth year-over-year. Just before we get ahead of ourselves, I just wanted to maybe try and quantify and bucket how those margins would look if we took the Grand out of the mix and maybe tried to adjust a little bit for the deltas in year-over-year table holds.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, Carlo, I'll try to answer that as best as we can. The Grand benefited in the quarter from hold as they were -- they were probably the biggest benefactor in the quarter within the portfolio on hold, but I don't have the number stripping out. But if you just look at normalizing hold, so to speak, over the periods, our margins here in the Strip would still be up some-80 basis points year-over-year. Remember, we played unlucky last year, and we're through a lower end of the range and better this year. So when you kind of normalize both those factors, you'd still be up some 80-odd basis points year-over-year in margin improvement.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's great, Dan. That's really helpful. And then just really quickly, if I could. On ARIA, I know you guys gave a bunch of metrics. Do you provide gaming revenue year-over-year comparison just for the property?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, we're taking a look at that.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sorry. And then I'd just ask if I can sneak in one more, just on the labor front. I know some of the labor negotiations are starting up again. Is there anything in there where -- I know some of those deals were done at different times and maybe there's an opportunity here with the latest negotiations. To the extent you're willing to comment on that on a public call, if there's any opportunity there on the margin side on a go-forward basis.
James Joseph Murren: Well, I'll tackle the union negotiations, while Bobby and Chris are looking at ARIA. The -- as you know, on the union side, particularly the culinary, that comes up every 5 years. And historically, we've been very successful in negotiating constructively these contracts. Obviously, the economy is always different, and it's different today than it was last time. Our goal here is to forge an agreement that works together with the union, charting the course together, meeting their needs and the needs of the company and all the members. So we -- we're in the early innings of this game. We're working with them to construct a package that reflects the conditions of this market, the economy that we've talked about as slowly recovering but could be somewhat fragile. So we are working with them on that front. And if history is any guide, we'll come up with a constructive resolution there. Bobby, do you have anything on ARIA?
Robert H. Baldwin: The ARIA question of table games wins, we won $90 million versus $33 million in the comparable quarter in 2012.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sorry. And the total gaming revenue was up how much at the property?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Total gaming including slots and everything, or just table games?
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. No, total gaming, including slots.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Hold on.
James Joseph Murren: We'll come back with that one. Chris is looking at that.
Operator: Your next question from the line of Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Your Macau business generates a lot of free cash flow, and leverage looks to be low, even through the Cotai development period. Do you think you have an appropriate capital structure in place? Or is there room to adjust that?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, I think -- Tom, this is Dan. We do have the appropriate capital structure in place. And that balance sheet at MGM China provides us a lot of flexibility going forward to not only carry out MGM China's development plans and growth strategies, but also to continue to look towards rewarding our shareholders back. And that's evidenced by the dividend policy we put in place. And the last 2, if it's any example, the special dividends that have been returning capital to shareholders. So I think if we're all right, that's going to continue to bear fruit for the shareholders and allow MGM China to grow going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Grant Govertsen from Union Gaming.
Grant Govertsen - Union Gaming Research, LLC: Grant, question on Macau. Obviously, you've got a very premium operation and, as we saw, mass market in slots this quarter with win growing faster than drop. I suppose that's probably due to the premium segment. But, Grant, could you give us a little bit more color on what's driving the mass in slots right now? Is it more on the premium side or the NAS [ph] mass side?
Grant R. Bowie: I think the key issue is that what we've indicated last time is we -- we've had really strong growth in our premium. And I think as you've heard on the calls from most of the other concessionary companies, everyone has a focus on that. So what we've been doing is continuing to build out the mid-mass, which we know and we've actually seen to get some depth and some -- and development and growth in that area. So as we try to do all the time, we try to balance things up as effectively as we can so that we don't become overexposed to any component of the market. So for us, it's continued development of our existing programs from our premium mass business and then continued reinvestment and investment in building the depth of that marketplace in the general mass areas.
Grant Govertsen - Union Gaming Research, LLC: Great. And I know it's early, but how has the reception been on the new aquariums -- the aquarium project in LaPlata [ph]?
Grant R. Bowie: Great. It was very difficult to walk through there the last 2 days. So that's -- those attractions, as we bring into the summer, as we were able to demonstrate last year, generate higher quality traffic into the property. And that's certainly been a significant advantage for us as we continue to want to build through-traffic and, more importantly, once we get the visitors in, convert them to customers.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. And while we have a break here for a second. I think we have a number we want to give you on ARIA.
Robert H. Baldwin: Yes, the total gaming revenue was $130 million this quarter versus $71 million in 2012.
James Joseph Murren: Great. Thank you, Bobby.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Berliner with JPMorgan.
Susan Berliner - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I want to, I guess, focus on CityCenter. Dan, can you review with us, I think you said you monetized some of the receivables. And I just wanted to know how much did that generate. If you can give any sort of ballpark, and if we could see more monetization of those going forward.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, that was the -- that was roughly about $40 million in net proceeds that we received in April, and that was all the mortgage notes that CityCenter had on its books. So we're officially out of the mortgage note business at CityCenter. So going forward, the opportunity really on the residential is the remaining inventory that's left pretty much at Mandarin, and there's about 10 or a dozen Veer penthouse suites that we still own. So the residential inventory has really been skinnied down to the remaining Mandarin units.
Susan Berliner - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And are you seeing any pickup with the improvement in the housing market on the residential inventory?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: No, we actually have -- I'll kick it over to Bobby. But we've actually seen in the last few months some pickup, particularly in the remaining Mandarin inventory, in terms of sales.
Robert H. Baldwin: So yes, we've seen the market strengthen here in Las Vegas, particularly at the Mandarin, since that's, as Dan pointed out, our remaining inventory. We sold and closed 5 Mandarin Oriental units in the first quarter of 2013. We did 15 in the month of April.
Susan Berliner - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just 2 other questions for me. Dan, I was wondering if you can update at all on, I guess, your license, your 50% ownership on Borgata. And if you guys can also comment on where are -- your position on online gaming.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure. I mean, as we stated previously, our first priority in New Jersey is our reapplication process, and that is underway. We still have the trust arrangement that we're governed under, the trust account. It sits at just over about $130 million in cash in that trust arrangement. So the process is underway in New Jersey, and we will keep you apprised as that continues to unfold going forward. As far as online, do you have...
James Joseph Murren: I'll tackle that, maybe --
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: As best we know.
James Joseph Murren: As best we know. We obviously would still prefer a federal solution here. We've made that point very clear on calls and with the federal government, our electeds and through the AGA and otherwise. The reason, of course, is that a federal solution would have comprehensive law-enforcement controls and consistent regulation. And we haven't completely lost hope on that. There is always a chance that, that could occur. But in the meantime, as you know, state by state by state, legislators are -- and governors are passing laws, and we will participate in that as well, whether it's in Nevada, New Jersey or elsewhere. And the opportunity will be to have states compact with one another to create the liquidity that is necessary for poker. And our partnership with bwin.party and with Boyd will be a big help to us there. So it's progressing. It's progressing at a state level. It's not the preferable approach, but we think it can be a very profitable business for the gaming industry, if done correctly, even at the state level.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chad Beynon with Macquarie.
Chad Beynon - Macquarie Research: Given your positive comments around the summer or your summer expectations in Vegas and the recent opening of Hakkasan and the new MGM Grand rooms, I'm curious how you're thinking about pricing rates at the property with the new, strong anchor tenants, new rooms and a property that should essentially serve well in the summer months. And then secondly, any type of metrics you could highlight since the nightclub has opened would be helpful as well.
James Joseph Murren: Well, we have -- we're very, very proud of our yield management team here. I have to say that Mica [ph] and the team have done a tremendous job of being very, very intelligent on how we're yielding the whole portfolio of rooms, company-wide, including ARIA. And so I would say that in light of the fact that the third-party providers are very optimistic about the summer, we're hearing that from Expedia particularly, and the fact that we have tremendous capital improvements that are occurring this quarter or already have occurred, Hakkasan, you mentioned, but do not overlook having a Michael Jackson show, a couple nightclubs, dayclub over at Mandalay Bay, particularly for the summer, that's got to help. So I think that we've proven that we can maximize our rate. We're not going to get ahead of ourselves. This is still -- there's a lot of inventory in Las Vegas, a very robust, intense competition. But given what we have done in our properties, remodeling rooms, improving our F&B offerings, adding entertainment, we are picking up some share, and we deserve to get a premium rate in the market. I think that we do, segment by segment, and we'll continue to balance the supply and demand and certainly through the summer.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Kevin Coyne with Goldman Sachs.
Kevin Coyne - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of housekeeping ones. Just update on the Perini litigation. Is that still scheduled for June? And then in Vietnam, I noted that you pulled out of that joint venture there. Just anything to comment there, and is it something you would consider reentering if terms were to change?
Robert H. Baldwin: This is Bobby. On the litigation front, we have a trial date for January 14 in the -- next year.
Kevin Coyne - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Was that pushed out, or was it originally June? I can't recall.
Robert H. Baldwin: Part of the trial was going to be -- the case was in 2 halves. Half the trial was going to be in June, and half later. The judge has combined the case again, and the entire case will be tried in January.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And as far as, Kevin, on the Vietnam front, we've -- we're in a transition period with ACDL. We're going to part ways here shortly, and we don't have any intentions of revisiting that decision.
Operator: And there are no further questions in queue at this time.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Mackenzie. Given that there's no further questions, we'll end the call here, and thank you all for participating.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer James Joseph Murren - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert H. Baldwin - Chief Design & Construction Officer, President of Project Citycenter, Director and Chief Executive Officer of Project CC LLC Grant R. Bowie - President Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Susan Berliner - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bobby Baldwin, Chief Design and Construction Officer of MGM Resorts International and President and CEO of CityCenter; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Grant Bowie, Chief Executive Officer of MGM China Holdings Limited. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Mackenzie, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. This call is being webcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and a complete replay of the call will be made available on our company website. This morning, we furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC as well. And before turning it over to Jim and get started, I'd just like to read our Safe Harbor disclosure. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities law. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K.  During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. And you can find the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is also available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'd now turn it over to Jim.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. I'm happy to report that in 2012, MGM Resorts' revenue grew by 17% and EBITDA grew by 13%. We closed a very productive year with solid fourth quarter results. And you can recall that for the fourth quarter, we had guided to flat to slightly up REVPAR, and we came in at 1% growth. Our net revenues were essentially flat, but we were able to increase our margins by over 100 basis points to drive EBITDA up 5% year-over-year despite lower year-to-year hold. Today, MGM China announced a special dividend of $500 million. Recall that MGM Resorts International, as a 51% owner, will receive approximately $255 million from this dividend. I expect MGM China will be able to continue to pay distributions to shareholders while investing in its second property in Cotai. In fact, we have a board meeting next week where we will discuss putting in place a formal dividend policy. 2012 was a landmark year for MGM Resorts, and I'd like to pause a moment to identify a few of the highlights. We transformed our balance sheet in the quarter. I'm extremely proud of Dan and the team for the major refinancing transactions that you're aware of that we completed in December. They resulted in significant interest savings and that will obviously translate into incremental free cash flow and further help the company deleverage itself, which is our overarching goal. We improved our properties. The fully remodeled rooms at MGM Grand and at the Bellagio Spa Tower are already obviously paying dividends. We launched several new entertainment and dining options, and they're generating nice returns, and we're going continue to do that in 2013. And that product delivery and improvement has allowed us last year and we believe will continue to allow us to gain market share and wallet share on the Strip going forth. CityCenter is now obviously a rising star. Bobby will get into the details, but we made some tweaks to the property which are showing signs of real success in driving revenues across all business segments. And with an improving real estate market here in Las Vegas, we sold 427 condos at Veer in December for $119 million. That represented one of the largest residential real estate transactions in the city last year, and it cleaned up all the inventory at Veer with the exception of a few penthouses. And of course, MGM China is a star and had another record year for results. Grant and his team are doing a tremendous job there. We continue to grow our business. We maintained our market share despite new additions to the market, and we improved our operating efficiencies. Back home, I made a few strategic changes to the management of our company to better, I believe, align our growth and initiatives and really improve how we use our resources as a company to work together. In addition to his job as Chief Marketing Officer, Bill Hornbuckle, was promoted to the title of President. And with this added role, he took on the management of our gaming and hospitality development businesses. Bobby Baldwin became the CEO in addition to his other titles at CityCenter, is running Aria for us, and there's no better executive to do that in our company. Corey Sanders took on more responsibilities and the team here, I believe, is streamlined, focused, dedicated, and it's been one of my goals to improve the company's culture to improve employee morale, which I believe we've accomplished, and ultimately, we're seeing that result in higher customer service and satisfaction. And of course, with all that we accomplished in 2012, I think '13 will be a better year. I consider the '13 to be the beginning of the new era for our company, with the refinancing and the strong fourth quarter results being the concluding chapter to a company that was recovering through the recession, now we're a company growing through a growing economy. Our properties continue to stun. We just, I think just yesterday, received over Four & Five Diamond Awards for this year. Our properties represent 20% of the entire AAA index. 15 of our resorts have received the prestigious Green Key rating for environmental conservation. That's up from '12 a year ago. And just last week, MGM was recognized by PR News as having the finest corporate social responsibility program in the country among large employers. We're especially proud of this as we had some pretty heady competition from companies like Coke and Pepsi and UPS. Just last month, in Cotai, our land was gazetted, and we've recently received our general building permit, and we are moving quickly to start construction on what will soon to be what we believe will be the most exciting resort in all of Cotai. And we remain on track, as we said before, for an early to mid-2016 opening, and there's an awful lot of work on-site right now. In the quarter last quarter, a referendum was passed in Prince George's County in Maryland, and we are now in the RFP process for what would be a very lucrative fixed license in Maryland. We have a deadline, as do others, of May to submit our proposal. We will easily meet that deadline, and we believe that we will prevail for an MGM at National Harbor, which is a tremendous destination resort, literally minutes from our nation's capital. A decision on that by the State of Maryland will be before the end of the year, we expect. We also recently submitted our RFP for Springfield, Massachusetts. And last week, the mayor of Springfield made a decision to negotiate a host city agreement with both MGM and another operator in that market. We are confident that our proposal delivers the best benefits to the city and has the best chance of prevailing for the Western Massachusetts license and we'll see. And in Toronto, we recently announced a partnership with Cadillac Fairview. Cadillac Fairview is the premier real estate developer in Canada and has developed some of the most iconic retail and mixed-use developments in Toronto and really across Canada. They are a subsidiary of Ontario Teachers' Pension Fund, and we are very proud to have them as our partner as we jointly pursue the exciting opportunity in Ontario. So with that, I'd like to turn it over to Dan to talk about how we did in terms of operating results and our financial position today.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Thank you, Jim, and good morning again, everyone. As Jim mentioned, we had a solid fourth quarter, which was led by a good October, a somewhat soft November and a strong finish in December, driven by Western New Year's. I'll go through a few highlights from our fourth quarter results. Our wholly-owned EBITDA increased by 5%, driven by a 6% increase in cash flows on the Las Vegas Strip. We were able to grow our EBITDA and our margins during the fourth quarter despite a holding over 100 basis points lower year-over-year. Our International casino business continues to be strong as this was a record fourth quarter for our strip properties when you include Aria for both the international drop and win. And we are seeing some encouraging signs in our domestic casino play as our non-Baccarat table drop at our wholly-owned strip properties increased 6% year-over-year. Slot revenues grew 4% at our Las Vegas Strip properties, a testament to our M life best efforts, and as Jim mentioned, the various rollouts of different venues and entertainment options for our guests. In our hotel segment, room revenues were up 2%, led by a modest increase in rate, as well as an increase in occupied room nights during the quarter. The increase in occupied room nights is largely a result of the completion of the MGM Grand room remodel in September. As you recall, we had roughly about 70,000 rooms out at the Grand for the first 3 quarters last year. Our convention mix during the fourth quarter, overall, was essentially flat year-over-year at approximately 15%, which is solid given the increase in our available rooms. Looking at the room trends here in the first quarter. We anticipate the trends to be similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter, with room revenues up low-single digits and essentially flat REVPAR. Our regional properties are continuing to do well despite a difficult, competitive and operating environment. Both MGM Grand Detroit and Beau Rivage increased their EBITDA year-over-year. In fact, MGM Grand Detroit achieved a record fourth quarter EBITDA. With these best-in-class assets and the power of M life, we were able to maintain a premium market share in each of those markets. Moving over to the balance sheet and some help with your models going forward, as Jim mentioned, in December, we completed a comprehensive refinancing transaction, which will save our company roughly $230 million per year in annual cash interest expense. Consistent with our strategy, these transactions will allow us to maximize our free cash flow and further enhance the company's deleveraging efforts. We currently have approximately $1.2 billion in available capacity under our corporate revolver and approximately $220 million in excess cash on the balance sheet, totaling just over $1.4 billion in available liquidity, excluding MGM China. We will continue to evaluate opportunities to derisk the company and improve our overall cost of capital. At the end of the fourth quarter, MGM China had cash of approximately $952 million, debt of approximately $554 million and adjusted leverage ratio of less than 1 based on their trailing 12-month EBITDA. Pretty strong balance sheet and clearly led to the board's decision to make the announcement on the special dividend today. CityCenter is on solid financial foundation with approximately $1.85 billion in outstanding debt, excess cash of approximately $210 million. And in addition to that, CityCenter is also sitting on about $140 million in cash related to condo proceeds, led by the late December sale of the Veer units. Our fourth quarter CapEx was approximately $83 million on our wholly-owned domestic resorts, and MGM China spent about $23 million. Full year CapEx for 2012 was approximately $343 million, just inside of our guidance of about $350 million for the year. And MGM China CapEx for 2012 was about $80 million, which included approximately $36 million for design and development fees related to our Cotai project. Looking forward into 2013, we expect our CapEx to be similar to 2012 at about $350 million, excluding MGM China. And MGM China will spend about $75 million at MGM Macau, and about another $175 million on our development efforts in Cotai, excluding land and cap interest. Our corporate expense in the quarter was higher, driven primarily by $34 million in costs associated with the referendum in Maryland, as well as our other development efforts in Massachusetts and Toronto. Going forward, we expect corporate expense to be in the range of $40 million to $45 million per quarter. Stock compensation expense in the first quarter is estimated to be approximately $9 million. Depreciation is estimated to be relatively consistent with the fourth quarter. Our interest expense in the fourth quarter was approximately $280 million, including about $8 million from MGM China and $17 million in amortization expense. We estimate that our gross interest expense in the first quarter will be approximately $225 million, including $8 million from MGM China and about $8 million in amortization expense. With that, I'll turn it over to Bobby to talk about CityCenter.
Robert H. Baldwin: Thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report that CityCenter posted EBITDA of $68 million in the fourth quarter of 2012, a 17% year-over-year increase. For the full year 2012, CityCenter EBITDA for -- from resort operations was $230 million. ARIA achieved EBITDA of $54 million in the fourth quarter, a 15% increase year-over-year despite a 330-basis-point decrease in table games hold percentage. We are beginning to see results from the changes we've made at our -- and continue to make, notably our new Cirque du Soleil show, Zarkana, opened on November 1, and is off to a great start as show occupancy through the end of the year was 88%. ARIA showroom revenues grew 38% year-over-year during the fourth quarter. Zarkana's success has helped drive restaurant covers and other incremental spend at ARIA. We are happy with the growth in volumes we are seeing in both slot and table games revenues. Slot handle increased 11%, making fourth quarter of 2012 our highest slot handle quarter yet. On the table games side, drop increased 5% to the highest level since Q4 in 2010 with particularly strong volume coming from our international customers. Hotel revenues grew 3% in the fourth quarter compared to last year. Occupancy was up 370 basis points to 86% with REVPAR up 2%. This was our first full quarter with Javier's Mexican restaurant on property, and it continues to do well. In addition, the remodeled buffet opened December 21. So far the new look and cuisine offerings have been well received and customers have provided very positive feedback. We will be opening a new concept -- a pizza concept by chef Shawn McClain at our recent sports book mid-summer this year. While it is still early, ARIA is off to a good start in 2013, and we expect to continue to build traction throughout the year. Convention sales are pacing well as room nights on the books for 2013, as of February 1 are 14% ahead of last year at this time. Construction continues to progress on the new marquee, which will be the tallest on the Las Vegas Strip with -- when completed in the second quarter of this year. It is over halfway up and already has a commanding presence on the Las Vegas Strip. We're excited about this project and look forward to utilizing the striking marquee to better advertise and showcase the wonderful venues that ARIA and CityCenter has to offer. Vdara continued to grow occupancy, which is now in the low 80%, with all of its room online -- all the rooms online driving hotel revenues up 6% year-over-year. Crystal finished the year very strong with EBITDA of $9 million in the fourth quarter, which is the highest ever and a 34% increase over 2011. These results were driven by growth in the number of tenants and sales volumes. Construction is underway for the 2 new Starbucks located at the Mandarin Oriental and the Crystals pod location in Crystals. They are expected to open in March and April of this year. And that concludes my report, and I'll turn it over to Grant Bowie. Grant?
Grant R. Bowie: Thanks, Bobby, and good morning to everybody, particularly the early morning for those of us in Asia. Another good result from MGM China. And for the fourth quarter, MGM China net revenues were $731 million, that's up 2% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $176 million, a slight increase over the year despite lower hold. For the full year, net revenues at MGM China were up 8% to $2.8 billion. And adjusted EBITDA was $679 million, that's an increase of 10% before branding fees. Our overall VIP win for the quarter was approximately 2.9% and a decrease from the prior year which was approximately 3.2%. VIP table games turnover increased by 6% year-over-year. We're seeing early signs of success from our Level 2 VIP gaming floor expansion, which opened in late September. We're also expecting to add another junket operator in the second quarter of 2013. The fourth quarter was our strongest volume quarter for the year for our own in-house VIP business. We expect to see continued growth in this business with the support from the MGM International marketing team. And main floor table game business has had its best quarter today with volumes up 13%. For the full year, our main floor table games volume grew 24%. Our slot handle increased by 37% during the third quarter and was up 35% for the year, outperforming the market growth of 16%. Our main floor table games and slot business now accounts for approximately 60% of our EBITDA, and that's up from 50% in 2011. This transition of mix has also driven an increase in our pre-branding fee EBITDA margins by 60 basis points. We expect this positive trend of increasing main floor mix to continue, driven by upgrades to our main gaming floor product, marketing efforts and, of course, the strong growth in the Macau mass market revenues. We've made great progress with regard to our second resort to be built in Cotai, as Jim mentioned. Our land was gazetted on January 9. We've also received the approval for our general building plan. And our next step will be to host an official groundbreaking, which I'm pleased to announce will be scheduled for February 27. As a recap, our Cotai project will have 1,600, 2,500 slots and up to 500 tables. General contract tenders for the project are now in, and we've updated plans to include additional foundation work that will allow for future expansion. With these upstates, the construction budget is expected to be approximately $2.6 billion, excluding land and capitalized interest. Spending will be over a time frame of 30 to 36 months. And as previously indicated, we -- our project -- projected opening date is early to mid-2016. The project will feature over 85% of our floor area allocated to nongaming amenities, including a broad range of restaurants, retail and entertainment offerings. And with that, I'd like to turn back to Jim for his closing remarks.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Grant. Well, we are off to a very solid start here in 2013. We've already had several major events during the first quarter, which have set a positive tone. The Super Bowl was a great event for us, with strong table games drop. And as I think you saw, the state had record sports book right. And although we're still collecting our data both here in Las Vegas for Chinese New Year's, we are because many of our customers are happily still here, the Year of the Snake looks to be a very good one for us. Bellagio, here we debuted a private gaming salon on our villa level, which drew some very important, high-end international customers for the holiday. And we also, here at Bellagio, hosted the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse, our partners in China, for a series of extraordinary dinners with senior elected officials from both China and the United States, as well as some of the most important customers that we know. We have great volumes throughout the company, throughout this period of time, both -- at all of our major luxury resorts. And we believe that the International business is off to a tremendous start for 2013. We have some great new restaurant, nightclub, entertainment offerings coming online this year. Just in the second quarter alone, we have a new showroom at Mandalay Bay for the Michael Jackson Cirque show. And our friends at Hakkasan are spending a tremendous amount of money to build the most elaborate, luxurious club restaurant lounge at the MGM Grand, which will debut in May. The Light Group will be opening 3 new restaurants and a nightclub at Mandalay Bay in the spring. And of course, they're opening a day pool, which we've learned is very profitable to us where we have done such an entertainment environment. And last night, you might have seen that Floyd Mayweather, who has fought nowhere but the MGM Grand, will fight again there on May 4. Very few events draw as much casino play as a Mayweather event, and he has signed on for as many as 6 fights to this year, May and September, with hopefully many more to follow. The hotel will undergo a full room remodel towards the end of the year and, as you know, will be rebranded as the Delano. We're excited about this. We believe it's going to bring a new customer data to Mandalay Bay and help further increase Mandalay's visitation. And of course, as Mandalay does, so does Luxor. So as we improve Mandalay Bay, we expect to see Luxor's results follow suit. We believe that by doing this, and we proved it last year, investing in our properties, offering new entertainment ideas, offerings to our guests, will not only enhance the customer experience, but will drive more profitability to our strip properties, increase our market share. We did so last year. We expect to do so again in 2013 and beyond. Our goal with all of this is to continue to improve free cash flow, to combine that operating free cash flow by our distributions from abroad, to continue to deleverage our balance sheet as we look strategically for a handful of high-return, high-value growth opportunities, 3 of which I've talked about today. We're excited to be here and proud of what we've accomplished, and we really believe that MGM Resorts' best days are now ahead of us. So with that, operator, I'd like to turn it over to you so we can get on with the Q&A of our call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Joseph Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Jim, looking at the margins in Las Vegas in the fourth quarter, it probably is better than what most had forecasted, when you look back at the previous quarters and full year 2012, to what extent were margins impacted by room renovation and the like, and how sustainable are these revenue to operating expense relationships from here where you can actually see that same degree of flow-through?
James Joseph Murren: Well, when I was on your side, Joe, I hated it when companies talked about construction disruption and how it impacted results. But clearly, when you take off floors at a time and major problems that we had to solve, particularly over the MGM Grand, you do impact margins because you impact traffic. But I think that really, what's happened is we really have focused on our FTEs, which are essentially flat, down slightly. We streamlined quite a bit of our operating management so as to, not only I think make better decisions, quicker decisions, but that has a margin improvement to it. We have -- we're yielding better from a standpoint of finding guests that, not only will occupy our rooms, but spend more in nongaming and gaming areas, which has a positive impact on margin. And we believe that with relatively modest revenue growth, we should have a similar kind of improvement in margin or more as we saw in the fourth quarter. So we had a company that had higher margins than we do today. We endeavor to get back to it. And I would believe that because most of our disruptive projects are behind us, certainly the MGM would be one. We've had major projects underway at Mandalay, Luxor. I think that, that combined with a real focus on our expenses and our mix improvement on the revenue side, we expect to show better profit growth than revenue growth.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Perfect. And then, Grant, since you're on the call, obviously a lot of chatter about performance thus far this month in Macau. I'll leave this question as broad as possible, but can you give us a sense of trends or your interpretation of the VIP trends that we saw in February and what's your view of what transpired in the month? We understand that's the thing [indiscernible] I really would love to hear your thoughts on the VIP side.
Grant R. Bowie: I think it's pretty well canvassed that the first days of Chinese New Year were possibly softer than people expected. But, frankly, that's been a trend that we've now been seeing for the last 4 holiday seasons. And I do think that it is an impact of -- there's basically 2 groups of customers. During a heavy holiday season, we're seeing a lot more families, which is obviously a lot more main floor traffic. They probably don't have quite as much to spend. As that traffic departs Macau, we are really seeing in this week some strong return of some play, and that was totally consistent with what we saw in Chinese New Year last year. So it is true now that these holiday periods are not so much of the peaks that we once saw. I think what we're now seeing is that the business is much more stable right through the year. So we're still very confident. The main floor has been very busy. I actually just went for a walk because I had a few hours to kill. Traffic's looking good and VIP traffic in the junket rooms this evening is particularly, particularly strong. So I just think that we need to be careful to try to draw too many conclusions from some relatively short-term patterns that we see.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Dan, you highlighted in your prepared remarks the nice performance you saw in the non-Baccarat casino play. Just wondering is the trend that you saw in the fourth quarter continuing into the first quarter?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes. I mean, it is, Felicia. We saw obviously some good activity, as Jim pointed out, around the Super Bowl time period. Obviously we got March Madness coming up, so that'll be another data point here to be looking at later on here in the first quarter. But we are starting to see domestic customers again, starting to see their activity pick up. And it's been a while since we've been able to say that, so we are pleased with the direction that's going.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So it sounds like -- I mean, well, we've seen the many pattern for many years now is around events, business is good. But when you don't have the events, it drops off. It sounds like are you seeing that pattern change a bit?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: The events are still strong. Weekends are still strong. Midweek is still a little choppy here and there. But I think, overall, the direction that we're seeing in terms of the spend levels and the play patterns of our -- the rest of the customers are heading in the right direction.
James Joseph Murren: And I'd add, Dan, that it's been, what, over 2 years now on M life, but the M life investments we've been making are helping our midweek slot business, as well as our event-related slot business. And our marketing alliances, say, for example, the Ameristar is driving some really good business to us and for them. So I think a combination of what Dan mentioned, getting better attendance, broader attendance on these events and our marketing on M life is driving particularly high-margin slot business, which we're very pleased. And then also getting to the margin question, where you might've noticed our promo expenses are down and we're getting a more specific more targeted on how we market to our customers which should result in higher profitability as well on the casino side.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. And then also you guys touched on group performance at ARIA, but I was wondering if you could update us on group trends for '13 and perhaps '14 for your overall strip properties?
James Joseph Murren: Yes, we did ARIA, company-wide it's -- do you have that, Dan?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes. I mean, in terms of -- Felicia, in terms of our convention block of business, it's looking to be up for the full year in terms of our mix year-over-year, '13 versus '12. We're pacing higher in '13 as a company right now at this point in time. '14 is looking even stronger as we look forward. So there's still work to do in '14, but its pace is actually even up higher than what we're experiencing here in '13.
James Joseph Murren: Yes, '13 looks like what we mentioned last quarter and '14 is picking; even a little bit more.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And the important thing to note is we have all of the rooms back online at the MGM. So our occupied room nights in that segment is going to be higher, and that's going to allow us to drive incremental room revenue in that segment and help to bolster and hopefully, improve ADRs at our luxury properties.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's gets to my question. You said pace, but you're also assuming higher rate as well?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Correct.
James Joseph Murren: Yes, it will be up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just wanted to ask about maybe a little bit more of a strategic question, but obviously you're starting to pursue some meaningful development projects in Massachusetts and in Maryland. Could you just give us your thoughts about kind of the health of the regional consumer and how you think about now that you've refinanced the balance sheet, we've started to see some strategic consolidation in the industry again and some of your appetite for the regional markets versus, I think, investing some or more of your discretionary cash flow in either deleveraging the balance sheet or focusing it on Macau?
James Joseph Murren: Well, Maybe I'll start that, Dan, you can jump in if you like. We have no interest in acquiring assets regionally or otherwise. We have an interest in investing in markets where we feel like we can generate a great return. And we have a great interest in deleveraging the company and investing here in Las Vegas where we have so many competitive advantages. So I think there will be some M&A. I don't think we'll participate on the acquisition front there. I think that where we are looking obviously in places like western Mass where we have a tremendously large database already of M life members that live in the Connecticut, New York, Massachusetts area that are frequent customers of ours to Las Vegas and to our regional properties, that's a lucrative opportunity for us. The one at National Harbor, with literally on the Potomac, minutes away from the nation's capital, we know who we know there, and that's even -- a better international opportunity for us. As you saw, we are reapplying in New Jersey because we believe in Borgata and in our partners at Boyd. We believe that, that opportunity has merit to us. But for the most part, I don't think you'll find us in the M&A front. I think that our goals here are, if we can generate the kinds of returns we think we can in our existing results, we're going to use that cash to look at a few markets around the world, but really predominantly deleverage the company, invest in our existing assets recover the cash flows that we lost in '06 and '07. And I think that, that's the best way for the shareholders. Anything you want to add to that, Dan?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, I think from a priority standpoint, Shaun, obviously our Cotai development is and will be priority #1 given the strong free cash flow characteristics out of Macau. The capital is all in place for that project, so that's going to run its course and as we pointed out, be open in 2016. And then I think when you look at the time line of these other developments, it gives us a lot of time before we even have to be spending money if we're fortunate enough in either or both Maryland or Mass. These are projects that aren't going to open until 2016, 2017, time lines. So it gives us plenty of time to deleverage the balance sheet, get our house in order and take on those projects when we need to.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. I think that's really clear. And just one more on Macau, if I could. I think in the prepared remarks, you mentioned something about re-evaluating the dividend policy for MGM China. Just wondering if you could elaborate there? And then one specific one, did you guys give an updated full budget for the Cotai project? I thought -- it sounded like the scope had changed there a little bit. I just wanted to make sure we got the number.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, the number there in Cotai is approximately $2.6 billion, excluding land and capitalized interest. It is up a little bit, mostly as it relates to the tenders we received to date, as well as we've added some scope to the project in terms of our general foundation work in some of the basements to allow for future expansion. And we intend to apply for additional GSA to expand that facility in the future, so part of the increase relates to that in our Cotai budget. And so that's really where the priority is. So as far as -- you saw this morning special dividend, we had one last year. We are going to talk next week at the board level about a formal dividend policy going forward, and you just need to stay tuned to the outcome of that board decision.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: A question on Vegas. Can you give us a sense of specifically targeting the midweek group segment, just competition in that segment, both in -- within Vegas amongst your competitors and then against other cities? And maybe it would be helpful to put your comments into historic context relative to the midweek group business in 2006, 2007 when it really was a seller's market?
James Joseph Murren: Let’s see, maybe I'll -- you want to take that first, you want to take it?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure. I think, Harry, obviously that always the biggest challenge for Las Vegas, is obviously the midweek. I mean, we're comfortable with how we're filling that up. As I said, we've got more work to do on that front. But buildings like Bellagio and Mandalay and the MGM Grand and ARIA, they can create their own business. And they're doing great job at filling up as best we can and maximize the opportunity. The challenges on the citywide, we've -- we had citywide convention attendees as high as 6.3 million, 6.4 million at the peak. That kind of troughed in the low 4 millions, and for the past couple of years, we've been on about 4.9 million citywide. So it has gotten a little bit more competitive from a general marketplace standpoint with other cities that we operate. And then we're working closely with the LVCVA, and they have some real good plans going forward over the next few years. But that's still the piece that we can work on together and drive that midweek performance. And really, where that helps is kind of the mid-tier and the value-oriented properties up and down the strip. As you see, when Con Hank [ph] is in town and some of the big shows, the pricing power that those buildings get really don't focus on the convention segment, really get that uplift and that benefit and you see the flow-through. So that's really, I think, over the next couple of years, where the challenge lies. And I think between companies like ourselves and the LVCVA, we're up for the challenge.
Corey I. Sanders: Harry, I would add in the Luxor properties, peak periods, midweeks, we're fine. We fill the buildings. We get our mix where we need to. Really, it's the citywide and the core properties -- that the citywide's come back, which they will in '14. '13 is going to be a little bit down year for them, that's where our struggle is. From competition, in '06 and '07, cities like Orlando and Chicago weren't reducing their pricing. They weren't going after the business as aggressively as they are now. So that definitely is a challenge for us.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then a quick question for Grant. Grant, if you could give us your thoughts on the target market that the Cotai building is going to -- is going to focus on given that the mass market is growing faster than VIP now, and it's 3x to 4x more profitable?
Grant R. Bowie: Thanks, Harry. The target market for us, as we've always indicated is the mid- to upper mass market. We will obviously also balance that up with appropriate VIP junket business. But for us, it's always about trying to get that portfolio mix. And clearly the scale of the project is bigger and we have a lot more nongaming. So the mass market and the potential to drive that mass market is really important to us. And that also fits in pretty comfortably with what's actually happening out in the Cotai as a whole space, a whole geographic area. So for us it's building from the strengths that we have here. And over the next 3 years, as we build the property, we're investing considerable amounts of assets in building our data around customer analytics, learning the same sorts of opportunities that M life has given to the U.S. domestic properties. We're also applying those principles here, and it's been extremely successful for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First -- and maybe it's Bobby who could talk to this or Jim, just update on the center JV with Dubai World, any potential or movement or corporate finance solution to that property at some point? And then, Grant, you just mentioned that you were doing a segmentation of the Macau customer base. We've heard about that and I was just wondering if you could give a little bit more color on how that works and how that -- how much more upside there is to it. And then one final thing, and I think it was Corey who just mentioned this. There does seem to be a little bit of a dispersion within your properties on the strip with the high end doing better than the lower or the mid-priced market. Is that, Corey, due to the customer strength or that target customer or is it, as you just mentioned, more an issue about the sort of group or conference business? It wasn't clear from your answer.
James Joseph Murren: All right. I think we -- I think you hit all of us here, Steve. I'll start with CityCenter. We have a tremendously strong relationship with our partners there. And in fact, we just welcomed Dan to the board of MGM Resorts; a board member of CityCenter, Bill Grounds, who's been on the board of CityCenter with Bobby and I for many years now, is on the parent company board as well. CityCenter is always looking for ways to improve the value for its shareholders, the 50% we own and the 50% they own. One early way to do that was to try to clear out some of the residential inventory, we are obviously finally becoming successful in doing so. The overarching way do it is to drive more cash flow, and that's happily happening now. The third is to continue to improve the balance sheet, extend out maturities. We've been doing that. The fourth is looking for ways to monetize portions of CityCenter where it could make sense. And I think that the most attractive candidate down the road would be Crystals, which is one of the most successful retail -- and certainly one of the most visible and highly sought-after retail environment in the United States. And it was always, if you recall, designed initially when we designed it to be sold ultimately. That's a high target opportunity for us. It could raise a tremendous amount of money for its owners down the road. We're not in negotiations today to sell it, but you have to believe that that's something we think about down the road. And then there are other opportunities, too, from a standpoint of nongaming opportunities, whether it be Vdara or Mandarin and other opportunities we'll look at. As it relates to the relationship between the partners, it's never been stronger than it is today. And I think that both of us believe that CityCenter's higher cash flow days are upon us and that it would be best to see this property and this whole complex reach its potential, which we believe it can do over the next couple of years. But I think that's what the CityCenter board believes. Bobby, you feel it's pretty...
Robert H. Baldwin: Yes, I would agree with that, Jim. We always have opportunities to -- many opportunities, the balance sheet in particular, our debt is $1.850 million, our interest rate is a little less than 9%. We're obviously looking to refinance that at some point in time in a much lower rate given the condition of our balance sheet and the improvement in our earnings at CityCenter.
James Joseph Murren: Thank you. And then the next one is that you, Dan?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I think it was Grant in terms of market segmentation.
Grant R. Bowie: Okay, thanks. I'm trying to be very short because most people know I can talk a long time about this. So the key for us is that it's basically a -- it's a customer value segmentation strategy and primarily is driven from the top down, from premium down. And that implies identification, geographic segmentation, but also product matching in terms of ensuring we have the right product to match the right customer groups. And that's through our customer relationship strategy. And we've actually physically segmented the property out so those customers can see and perceive the true values that each of those groupings can do. As we move out to Cotai, clearly, we start to broaden and move down that value proposition as we need to broaden the base to increase the customer penetration. So in short, that's how it works for this property. It was always designed recognizing that we are going to have multiple business units and we understood that, that what we needed to do was build a committed MGM customer, and that's what we're very excited about that we've done here. And we're even more excited about the opportunities we're going to have with expanding into Cotai.
Corey I. Sanders: And, Steve, on the convention side, without the solid citywide convention base, what ends up happening is our lower end properties, Circus and Excalibur, they're the last to fill, and there's always a challenge there from a pricing perspective. With regards to Luxor, they're also usually a benefactor of Mandalay's overfill and that hasn't quite happened as much it used to happen in the past. But it's well positioned to get that overfill coming up in the future here.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: But, Corey, just -- and then I'll let it go, but this is -- I was asking more on a broader base, meaning, is the mid- or -- mid-market customer, which we're hearing from other consumer companies showing some weakness, and is that one of the reasons why your lower or middle properties are showing less strength than the higher end beyond this conference convention issue?
Corey I. Sanders: I don't -- I wouldn't say there's weakness. I think it's a supply-and-demand thing and the number of rooms. What we're seeing in the people that are staying in those hotels, they're spending the same way they were even a little bit up at some of these properties. So it's just being able to fill those hotels with the right customers. Because we won't -- there's a certain point we won't fill a hotel room.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the renovations that you're going to be doing on the main gaming floor in Macau, and also it sounds like you're not seeing any real impact from the smoking ban there. And then, Jim and -- on the new projects that you're pursuing in some of the U.S. regional markets, can you talk a little bit about returns in those markets or for those projects?
James Joseph Murren: Great. Grant, you want to start that?
Grant R. Bowie: Sure. Thanks, Jim. So on the main floor, first thing we're doing is, after 5 years, we're obviously in the work, we're actually moving back in and doing some general tidying up around the whole property. Focus for this year is going to continue to be supporting some of the premium products. We want to expand particularly for slots into supreme, which is the private high-limit main floor business. And then we also want to upgrade one area that we have, which is our Las Vegas room. And we're going to upgrade that again and making sure that we can provide a high-quality of service, complementary with both the supreme and the platinum lands we've already created. To your point on the smoking, frankly, it's probably still a little early to make a judgment on it. There is clearly some changes in pattern. There is migration and higher performance coming out of the smoking areas, particularly on our main floor, not quite so evident in our VIP business, but I think it's still a little early to see what true impact that will have, and we continue to look at ways to use the floor space as efficiently as we can. Our analytics have been very powerful in trying to position products to ensure that we can minimize those negative impacts, but obviously providing a compliant and most importantly, a safe environment for our team.
James Joseph Murren: Thank you, Grant. And, Robin, on the return front, maybe one way of looking at it is that is looking at MGM Grand Detroit, we spent on the permanent facility there a little over -- about $800 million. And last year, we made $165 million of cash flow there. We take, as you know, a different approach to regional markets. We do not go into every regional market, that's one. Two, we don't go in with a bare-minimum investment and build a $300 million, $400 million box that can easily become a commodity, and therefore, less relevant on a going-forward basis. MGM Grand Detroit has withstood an awful lot of recession and otherwise, and it's obviously doing well. It was up in the quarter, so was Beau Rivage, I think, up in the quarter and another preeminent regional property. We would expect if we were to prevail in National Harbor and/or in Springfield, because the investments are fairly similar in the $800 million, $900 million range to get strong returns. We do not expect to build in markets where we're going to get anything lower than a high-teens return. And so I think that guides our thinking and reason why we're targeting a few higher-value markets. In the case in Toronto, where we have a 50-50 partner, it's very unclear as to what the opportunity will be, if any at all. And so it's impossible really at this point in time, to evaluate and put a return criteria on it. It's much easier for us to, and we have obviously already, developed a market side market size, a budget, a forecast for markets like western Mass and for Maryland and National Harbor. And I think looking at MGM Grand Detroit is a good guide for you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kelly Knybel with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's Carlo. Just a quick one, a follow-up. I know, Dan, you've guided 1Q REVPAR year-over-year, I believe, to flattish. Could you guys maybe talk a little bit about how you're thinking of the cadence of REVPAR throughout the year on the strip? And if there's any highlights and or maybe soft spots that you're seeing as we look out a little bit further?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Carlo, as you know, this market is highly driven on more the near term. I mean, when you look at 60% of your room inventory being filled within 60- to 90-day kind of window, it's historically been a very short booking window. We like the way our convention business is shaping up for the calendar year 2013. And obviously, the leisure and the transient business has been performing well for us, but that's a big part of our business. So I think it's too premature right now to go on with full year guidance, but we like the way the calendar is shaping up and we like the way the convention business is booked and the pace that we're on. And I think it's best to just kind of leave it at that for now.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Understood. That's helpful. And then if I could just ask one follow up on the fourth quarter specifically on the strip, when you think about obviously that the hotel room revenues bringing on the extra rooms and having a little bit more strength on the casino side on a year-over-year basis, it looks like maybe some of the non-room spend was a little softer than maybe the aggregate. Is that something that you guys are seeing basically permeate throughout the portfolio or is that subject to a few properties or maybe there's some construction disruption and/or other things going on?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I think it's predominantly a factor of certain properties. I mean, I'll use Mandalay as an example. Mandalay Bay had -- essentially with the exception of a few events in the event center had 0 in-house entertainment in the fourth quarter this year. And in the year prior, it had both Lion King for the full quarter. And for the full month of December, it had the Cirque Michael Jackson concert that was extremely well attended for the full month of December, a slower period of time from an entertainment standpoint. So I think it's really specific to certain properties. The Grand here without Studio 54 for the past several quarters. So it's really specific to certain properties and certain venues within those properties. The flipside, Bellagio with Hyde. It's been home run at both Hyde and Bank’s for the full year. So didn't skip a beat with the first full year of Hyde here at Bellagio, and The Bank has performed quite nicely and is actually consistent with the prior year so it's all incremental there.
James Joseph Murren: I think what I'd add to that, Dan, is looking at the second quarter, I'll just reemphasize what's happening for us in the second quarter between when someone spends over $100 million on the corner of Tropicana in the Las Vegas Strip in Hakkasan to build a nightclub, lounge, bar, which right now has been a construction site and has been for the better part of 9 months, is going to have a material impact on MGM Grand; having a Mayweather fight in May, a material impact on MGM Grand; having a new Cirque show at Mandalay Bay, a material impact on the second quarter for Mandalay Bay; and the restaurants that we're adding there. I think that's very much driven by our success at the room remodel at MGM and here at Bellagio, we know -- I think we have a very good idea now how to spend our capital wisely to get the best returns whether it's in higher room rates or higher nongaming spend. And now on the gaming side, when you add the private gaming villas that we just have added and the new villa here at Bellagio, we see immediate impact in terms of customer response. It gives us more evidence as to how to spend our money in the future.
Corey I. Sanders: Yes, Mandalay's investments is about close to $100 million also. The clubs, the show and restaurants. So it's a significant investment that should bring some good lift to the property.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And Mandalay has never had a show like this that's going in here, I mean, this is 2 shows a night, 5 days a week. I mean they never had that kind of stickiness from an entertainment-venue perspective at Mandalay.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Susan Berliner with JPMorgan.
Susan Berliner - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to focus on CityCenter, if I may. You had a lot of cash sitting there, and I guess, I wanted to know what are your plans for that cash. And also the condo proceeds that are sitting there, does that get returned to MGM? And if you could just talk about, I guess, going forward, kind of the leverage target at CityCenter.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure, I'll take a stab at those. So as far as the cash that's building up, we do intend on continuing to reduce leverage, whether it'd be through debt reduction or as Bobby mentioned earlier, continuing to improve the cash flows where we as partners are not pleased with where the overall leverage is on the campus right now. And that'll be the focus with the excess cash and the improving cash flows going forward will be to reduce debt and continue to improve leverage there. And at some point in time in the future, you can rest assure that both partners have a lot invested in this and we will be looking to pull money out of that venture in the future. As far as the condo proceeds, we as an MGM Resort are still owed roughly about $100 million in advance condo proceeds that we made under the completion guarantee agreements. Those funds will sit in the condo proceeds account until the Perini matters are resolved and reach their conclusion, so those dollars will -- can't be spent and will sit there until such time if that matter is resolved.  And, operator, with that, I think we've gone slightly over our allotted time. We're around all day for any follow-up questions with anyone here in the office. Please feel free to reach out for us, and thanks again for joining us this morning.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer James Joseph Murren - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Christopher W. Nordling - Principal Financial Officer, Principal Executive Vice President and Accounting Officer Grant R. Bowie - President William Joseph Hornbuckle - Chief Marketing Officer Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division William J. Lerner - Union Gaming Group, LLC Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ian C. Weissman - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Bain - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Grant Bowie, Chief Executive Officer of MGM China Holdings Limited; Chris Nordling, Chief Financial Officer of CityCenter. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Mackenzie, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and a replay of the call will be made available on our website later today. This morning, we furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC and before we get started, we'll just read some Safe Harbor disclosure statement. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is also available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'll now turn it over to Jim.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. First, on behalf of MGM, we want to express our best wishes and concern for everyone that's been affected on the phone here and our other friends on the East Coast for this very devastating storm, Sandy. Our hearts and thoughts are out to all of you. Today, we reported our third quarter operating results. The results in Las Vegas were consistent with the commentary outlook that we gave on our last earnings call. Remember, we had guided for REVPAR to be down slightly, and it was down a little less than 2%. MGM Grand Las Vegas had its best quarter in 2 years, and the Mirage had its best quarter in 3 years. Bellagio, obviously, held poorly and as a result, had a down quarter. MGM China had a record third quarter with EBITDA growth of 5% year-over-year before branding fees, and CityCenter continues to show progress as well with record third quarter EBITDA from resort operations up 18% year-over-year. Now, the third quarter did present tough comparisons in Las Vegas. However, we do continue to see indications of a recovery here. To give you a sense of the cadence of the quarter, August was particularly rugged, but then we saw improving trends in September, particularly in the back half, and that has carried into October, most importantly. We're managing our costs where we can and FTEs are down about 2% during the quarter. Meanwhile, we're completing many meaningful projects at our properties and are working on a handful of key strategic development and expansion opportunities, including Cotai, which we'll get into; Maryland, Massachusetts and Toronto. In Cotai, we have formally signed the land concession contract and have closed on a $2 billion credit facility, which, along with our strong balance sheet and free cash flow, will give us the financial flexibility to expand in that region, strategically invest in our current resort and continue to maximize shareholder value. In Maryland, we continue our efforts to support the passage of Question 7. We feel strongly that the expansion of gaming in that state to include table games with a sixth site will bring a number of much-needed jobs, millions of dollars for education and serve to keep Maryland competitive in that region. We're also pursuing a project in Springfield, Massachusetts, where we have been very excited about the positive response and enthusiasm we have received there. Our vision in Springfield is to connect Main Street with the vital amenities that already exist in and around the downtown area. MGM Springfield will reinvigorate the city with new retail, dining and entertainment opportunities and spark, we hope, the comeback of this once prosperous New England city. In Toronto, the provincial government has proposed that the city consider hosting a casino in Toronto. As one of the preeminent cities in North America, Toronto represents an exciting opportunity for MGM with a great deal of international visitation. The city has established a process for evaluation, which is underway, and we fully expect to participate in that. And finally, our customer loyalty program, M life, continues to grow rapidly and show progress. Over 1/2 of our database has opted so far to become an M life member, taking membership above the 30 million customer mark. Regional market shares continue to grow with trip frequencies up in all regions indicating increased engagement there. We're expanding our strategic partnerships in order to add value for our M life customers, as well as growing our M life customer database. Just yesterday, in fact, we announced a partnership with Royal Caribbean Cruises. That's something we're quite excited about and we believe will be a great benefit to our customers and our database. And of course, our partnership with Ameristar continues to drive new membership and increased bookings. We're very pleased with our relationship with them. On our social game, myVegas, which, as you know, we launched this summer, we already have over 350,000 monthly average users. And many of these customers have actually redeemed their virtual points for actual goods and services at our Las Vegas properties, showing the true conversion from social gaming to our Las Vegas resorts. I think that is the trend which will continue to our great benefit. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Dan to talk about, specifically, our operating results and how we're doing financially.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Thank you, Jim. First, I'll cover a few specific details regarding the quarter. Excluding the impact of a noncash impairment charge and accrued Harmon demolition cost at CityCenter, our adjusted property level EBITDA this quarter was $473 million. Our table games hold percentage increased by about 1 percentage point year-over-year, which fluctuated significantly at several of our properties. In fact, as you see in the tables, Bellagio was negatively impacted by low hold percentage. It was actually about 13% in the quarter, which is abnormally low for a property like Bellagio. That was offset by slightly higher than normal hold at some of our other luxury strip properties. While we were able to maintain our rate at our properties, we did experience a decrease in occupancy, which we had talked about on our last call. The slowdown in the year, for the year convention bookings, we experienced in the second quarter, combined with a difficult comparison, led to a decrease in convention mix of about 2 percentage points year-over-year in the third quarter. This was mostly reflected at Mandalay Bay given their large convention business in -- at that property. While our occupancy remained high at over 90%, our food, beverage, retail and entertainment were affected by the fact that we had over 100,000 less occupied room nights this year versus last year. These segments were also impacted by certain of the remodels and transitions, several of our buildings and we expect that to turn as we bring these new amenities online in the upcoming quarters. Our corporate expense for the quarter was up by approximately $19 million versus last year. $17 million of that increase is related to the ongoing development efforts in Maryland, Massachusetts and Toronto. The election in Maryland is next week, so we do expect our corporate expense to be higher here in the fourth quarter, driven by the referendum expenses we're incurring. And that will be up in the fourth quarter in a range in kind of the mid $60 million level for corporate expense before our stock comp expense. In September, we issued about $1 billion in unsecured notes at a rate of 6.75%, a level the company hasn't achieved since 2006. Following this transaction, we currently have about $855 million in available capacity under our revolver and approximately $900 million in excess cash, totaling over $1.75 billion in liquidity, excluding MGM China. We will continue to evaluate the opportunities to derisk the company going forward and further improve our cost of capital. As we previously reported, thanks to the support of our relationships and our banks in and around the world, we're pleased to announce that this week, we closed on our MGM China credit facility. The facility was increased from $950 million to $2 billion, with a new 5-year maturity, and is a combination of term loan and revolver. The credit facility rate will initially be HIBOR plus 250 basis points for the first 6 months, and then will range from 175 to 250 over HIBOR determined by MGM China's leverage. Our third quarter CapEx was approximately up $101 million in the quarter, including about $30 million at MGM China. We continue to expect our CapEx for the year to be approximately $350 million to $360 million for this year in the U.S., about $80 million at MGM Macau, plus another $80 million related to the development of our Cotai project, which includes the $56 million that we recently paid regarding our land concession contract. To help you with your guidance on some below the line numbers in the fourth quarter, we expect our stock compensation in the fourth quarter to be approximately $10 million to $11 million. Depreciation expense in the fourth quarter is estimated to be about $230 million to $235 million. Our interest expense in the third quarter was $276 million, including about $6 million from MGM China and about $17 million in noncash amortization. And we estimate that our gross interest expense in the fourth quarter will be approximately $285 million. With that, I'll turn it over to Chris Nordling to talk about CityCenter.
Christopher W. Nordling: Thanks, Dan, and good morning. CityCenter resort operations posted record third quarter EBITDA of $59 million, an 18% year-over-year increase. At ARIA, third quarter EBITDA was $47 million, a 17% increase over 2011. This was also the highest third quarter EBITDA since opening. Total casino revenue exceeded last year with net table games revenue up 4% and net slot revenue up 3%. ARIA benefited from a favorable table games hold impact of $8 million year-over-year, with gross table games hold percentage of 29.3 versus 25.5 last year. We also continue to focus on driving profitability in the casino. The hotel posted its highest third quarter occupancy, up almost 2 percentage points year-over-year. This was mainly driven by growth in the convention segment. ARIA also recently expanded its restaurant offerings with the openings of Tetsu Teppan Grill inside BarMasa in September; and Javier's, a Mexican restaurant of Southern California in early October. So far, the feedback from our guests have been overwhelmingly positive. In fact, revenues in the quarter for BarMasa with Tetsu were up 44% over last year as customers have been drawn to this unique culinary experience. Additionally, Javier's has had strong launch and has enhanced the energy throughout the adjacent casino floor. Viva ELVIS officially ended its run on August 31, and we're looking forward to the opening of Zarkana in November. The theater has been modified for the new show, and the artists are completing their final rehearsals in anticipation of the opening November 9. We expect this new show will turn what was a loss to our business into significant profits while also driving up ancillary business. Vdara reported third quarter EBITDA of $4.3 million, and Crystals EBITDA for the quarter was $8 million. At Crystals, we executed leases for approximately 8,500 square feet of luxury brands during the quarter. That concludes my report, and I'll turn it over to Grant Bowie.
Grant R. Bowie: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, and for those of us in Asia, good evening. I'd also like to reinforce Jim's comments for our friends on the East Coast of United States. We send you our best wishes, and as a part of the world that suffers from a lot of those natural disasters, we understand completely what you're going through, and we certainly wish you a speedy and happy return to successes that you certainly deserve. Here at MGM China, the third quarter, MGM China's net revenues were $665 million. That's up 7% year-over-year and in line with market performance. Before branding fees, adjusted property EBITDA was $158 million, an increase of 5% year-over-year. While our overall VIP win rate for the quarter was approximately 3%, EBITDA was negatively impacted by the low win rate on our in-house business and the rolling chip operators. At the end of September, we completed our VIP gaming expansion project on level 2 and opened the business just before the Golden Week holiday. During the holiday period, our VIP business generated several record single-day volumes with the addition of this space. During the quarter, across our key revenue segments, we grew our main floor table games and slots while our VIP business was down. Consistent with the market growth, our main floor table wins was up 27% year-over-year. But the main floor business experienced a 300 basis point improvement in departmental margin due to improving table yields and operating decisions based on our key performance indicators. Now the KPI management process, which was established over the past year, continues to enhance our LIBOR productivity and asset utilization. Our slot win increased 44% year-on-year, exceeding the market growth of 11%. Our slot business had an impressive 50% margin and also up 50 basis points year-on-year and continues the very strong growth performance we're seeing from our slot business. As Jim mentioned, we have ended our formal acceptance of a land concession contract on Cotai, which resulted in a payment of US$56 million in October for that contract. The next step is for the public gazetting of the land followed by the general building permit approvals. In the meantime, we continue to make progress on getting our construction team in place, as well as refining and enhancing our design. Our general contractor will be on board this quarter as we had planned, and we are prepared to kick off the construction once we receive all the required approvals. Our Cotai project, as previously advised, will have up to 500 tables, 2,500 slots, 1,600 rooms and a budget of approximately $2.5 billion to be spent over a timeframe of 30 to 36 months. The project will feature over 85% gross floor area of non-gaming office, including restaurants, retail and entertainment. At the end of the quarter, MGM China had approximate cash of $936 million, debt of $539 million and an adjusted leverage ratio of less than 1 based on a trailing 12-month EBITDA. With that, I'd like to turn it back to Jim for his closing remarks. Thank you.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Grant. You know, Grant and his team in Macau are doing a phenomenal job. We're very proud of that effort. We're very excited about the Cotai opportunity, and as Grant mentioned, we hope to break ground in the very near future. It's a great story for both MGM China and MGM Resorts. We believe Macau remains an extremely vibrant marketplace, and we expect the infrastructure additions that are coming over the following years will continue to drive visitation in that market for MGM Macau and our Cotai resort for many years to come. As I mentioned earlier, we did have a rough August out here in Las Vegas. I think everyone did. But we began to rebound in the second half of the quarter into September and certainly in the second half of that month. And going into the fourth quarter, those improved trends have continued. Looking at the fourth quarter, we have some good things coming up. Great product offerings are coming online. As Chris mentioned, Zarkana, the new Cirque show at ARIA, opens next Friday. Blue Man Group is coming back to our family, opening up at Monte Carlo the following week. We now have all of our rooms back at the MGM Grand. They're all online as that remodel program was completed in late September. We're still in the progress of remodeling the Bellagio spa tower, which will be completed in mid December, and we'll have more rooms in service in the fourth quarter. And despite having more rooms available, we are seeing a somewhat better rate environment, and we expect that REVPAR in the fourth quarter will be flat to slightly up for the year. Of course, we are watching closely the impact of storm Sandy on these numbers, but we are optimistic with that forecast for the year -- for the quarter. Looking out into 2013, we're very encouraged to see that convention bookings, our pace is up over 10% year-over-year, with rate up. And although it's early, 2014 pace is even stronger. We're currently pacing to have about 15% more arena events between the Mandalay Events Center and the MGM Grand Garden Arena next year versus this year, and we believe that the new restaurant, nightclub and entertainment offerings that we have underway will continue to not only enhance the customer experience, but drive increased profitability throughout our strip properties. And so with that, operator, we have -- well, we did a good job. We have even more time for questions, and we'd like to turn it over to you for the Q&A section of our call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Hey, Grant, if you could kind of walk through, obviously, when you look at the Macau segment, margins were down a little bit. Clearly, you had some tough hold comparisons, not so much this quarter but earlier this year and in the last year. Could you talk a little bit around the 3% hold maybe and try and give us a better sense of whether it was unlucky in certain segments that kind of hampered the margins a bit in this quarter so that we can get a better understanding of the normal OpEx we could be thinking about going forward?
Grant R. Bowie: Sure. Thanks, Carlo. Yes, as I indicated and as you've picked up, our VIP market -- or our VIP revenue is generated from 2 components, one being the revenue share operators and the other being from the rolling chip operators. The rev share operators were pretty consistent and are generating about 87% of our business. We did have a difficult and volatile run with our rolling operators. The impact of that on a normalized basis is sort of mid teens of the millions effect, and that was obviously caused -- another effect, which you also picked up, that it did have some impacts on the margins so about mid teens of millions of effect in terms of below normalized win. And then on top of that, you also know with the rolling chip program, we also have the double jeopardy that you don't hold so well but you also end up paying the commissions as well.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. That's helpful. Jim and Dan, if you think about the project that you guys are currently evaluating right now, and obviously some of which are further along the line than others, have you thought a lot about partners at this point or go it alone and if so, financing requirements, et cetera, in the event more than one were to come to fruition?
James Joseph Murren: Do you want me to take that, Dan, and jump in? So we feel like we're going to have a lot of information over the balance of this year and into next year to be able to answer that question more clearly. We certainly open to partners and believe that we should be building projects in the most capital-efficient way and never lose sight of the fact that our overarching goal is to reduce leverage in the company to increase our balance sheet strength. So we got to win a few of these things to see. So we'll know next week about Maryland. If we prevail there in the referendum, we still have to win an RP there. And if we prevail there, we could talk about how that capital structure would be. And the same would be true in the Commonwealth. And then certainly in the case of Toronto, I think we've already indicated that we would want to seek a partner, and that's a very big opportunity. And we've already had very productive conversations as it relates to capital partners if we were to prevail in Toronto. So overarching goal, deleverage this company, but where we have a particular edge from a development perspective, where we believe we can win in markets that are good potentially very profitable, we should seek them in a very targeted way. We're doing that in those 3 markets I just mentioned, and we will ensure that if we do win, we will finance it in a way that benefits the MGM shareholder and debt holders.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Lerner with Union Gaming Group.
William J. Lerner - Union Gaming Group, LLC: Just one question as it relates to VIP in general, both in Vegas and in Macau. Maybe could you give a little bit of color on, I guess, trends? In Vegas, obviously, July and August were particularly strong in Bacc demand and win. Have you been -- are you capturing at least on the demand side, and then obviously hold is a different story, but in Macau, Grant, obviously where people see the data monthly and feels like there's a wait and see with respect to leadership change, but any color around what's going on with trends through the -- into the fourth quarter would be very helpful.
James Joseph Murren: Well, Bill, maybe we'll have Bill Hornbuckle tackle Las Vegas, and then you can turn over to Grant. Bill?
William Joseph Hornbuckle: Sure. Thanks, Jim. A tale of 2 stories. Internationally, as you could tell, we were down about 12% in win. If you focus on Jim's earlier comments about Bellagio, it literally got down to 7 customers domestically. The opposite side of it buoyed by some pretty strong events. Domestic, we were up about 18%. We have seen a rebound in late September, Madonna, et cetera, and then pushed off in October. It seems very productive for us, and we're very excited by that. Overall, I think if you look at the marketplace and we've seen what's happened in the community, China is up slightly, as is domestic for Las Vegas obviously. Southeast Asia is doing very well. Japan is still off, and Latin America is up a bit as well. We would like a better share; that's not lost on us. We've done a couple of structural things here to refocus our troops in our group. We've had -- we brought in some leadership both on the international side and the domestic side, and we're going to have a heavy push to strategically reposition troops in Asia to begin to make sure that we get more than our fair share of that business coming from anywhere there, Macau, Singapore and other markets back here to Las Vegas. Maybe, Grant, if you could fill in the Macau story.
Grant R. Bowie: Sure. Thanks, Bill. I think the issue currently is we've gone through a period of exceptional growth. And putting aside the point that you've previously indicated, Bill, the leadership change, and that definitely has an impact, and it has tended to cool the markets somewhat. I think what we're also seeing is that the VIP business is probably consolidating, but I would want to continue to reinforce that the mass market continues to grow steadily and consistently despite seeing our own numbers, and that's showing up as well. And I think that may be representative of the changing nature of the capacity that we have in the market. The VIP business into October has been steady. We saw it going and this is now the, I guess, the third major holiday period where we're seeing the situation where the holiday days themselves were not nearly as strong as the period that followed the holidays. And so that's a trend that we saw last national day holiday, last Golden Week, Chinese New Year now for this period. So I think what we're now seeing is that Macau is slightly changing its pattern. So in summary, the mass market continues to grow strongly. We're confident there. VIP market is consistent, but it's certainly slowed up and what we're looking at is probably numbers of growth going forward, consistent with the GDP growth of China rather than some of these accelerated growth rates that we've seen over the last 2 or 3 years. In simple fact, we're now seeing the effect of large numbers on that.
William J. Lerner - Union Gaming Group, LLC: On the VIP side, right, not mass?
Grant R. Bowie: Particularly the VIP, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So I just wanted to go back to kind of the core Vegas trends that you guys were seeing. Jim, if we recall to last quarter, I think you had mentioned that one of the areas of softness was kind of in the quarter for the quarter group business and in group pickup. Could you just give us a sense of, is that what you're seeing improve here in September and October? Or is it more a function of mix? And then my second question would just be kind of how do you think about that group pickup going into next year?
James Joseph Murren: Okay, yes, that's exactly what we did see when we chatted at the end of last call. Corey or Bill, do you want to pick up on that?
Corey I. Sanders: Sure. On the convention pickup, September, October we were in pretty good shape anyways going into the quarter. What we're seeing is on the group booking business is strong and even in the third quarter was strong for the next year and '14 and '15. So that's pretty stable, and that continues to be a positive sign towards our recovery.
James Joseph Murren: Bill, do you want to add?
William Joseph Hornbuckle: Maybe just a little more color. The recovery in casino and FIT, we had seen about a 5-week blip, if you will, June, July. We've seen some recovery since then and the convention story is as Corey has suggested.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Weissman with ISI Group.
Ian C. Weissman - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you can talk about the continued disconnect between visitation trends in Vegas and spend per visitor. Is it more on the gaming side or on the leisure side?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Ian, this is Dan. I think what you're seeing is, really, you still have a fragile consumer out there and they're continuing to kind of pick their spots. So overall, we're seeing improvement in our underlying trends as it relates to what we take a look at and track day in and day out, which is our revenue per occupied room. There are some days where consumers are picking their spots, where entertainment revenues will look better and the next day, casino revenues will look better. So you are still dealing with a fragile consumer. We are seeing -- particularly in the third quarter, we saw more reliance on leisure customers, which is a lower spend overall type of customer that we needed to dip into a little heavier than we did last third quarter, and that is a lower-spending customer. Going forward, we think we'll see an increase in international travelers going forward. It's not only a push we're making as a company, it's a push the LVCVA and McCarran are making as well in conjunction with us, and we think that will help forward trends as we bring in those types of customers who stay longer, spend more. They're good gaming customers, but they're even better retail, S&B and entertainment customers. So the underlying trends are still moving in the right direction. We had some tough comps in the third quarter as it relates to some of that convention mix and having to dip into the leisure but overall, the trends are moving in the right direction.
James Joseph Murren: I guess I was -- I'm a little confused on the question because I don't see a disconnect. I mean, visitation's up and our revenue per occupied room has been moving up this year and in all areas. So we're looking at our non-gaming as far as gaming. If you take hold aside, the revenue per occupied room has been improving. And one of the things that -- I think what one of your analysts have done, Corey, is to do the linkage between the Case-Shiller Index and our core property volumes, particularly our slot handle. It's an incredible R2 between like 0.97 or something like that. It's pretty tight, right?
Corey I. Sanders: Very tight.
James Joseph Murren: And so as the overall consumer is improving, or housing in general has improved, we're starting to see our core business taking hold out. I'm looking at handling and drops improved. So I think there's a good linkage between visitation moving slightly higher and our overall revenue per occupied room.
Ian C. Weissman - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I guess the question was more just generally across the strip numbers. If you look at visitation trends and spend per visitor, just it seems like it's flat lined for the last couple of years, but your comments are helpful. Last question is I know you talk about healthy trends in September and I believe in October. Have you seen or witnessed any cancellations related to Sandy at this point?
James Joseph Murren: Yes. I don't know if you have that.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, we have...
Ian C. Weissman - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Can you want to quantify that?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Sure. We think there's -- we're going to lose about 4,000 room nights. It's approximately about close to $1 million of revenue, a little less than that.
James Joseph Murren: 4,000 room nights is -- in the context of how many room nights, Corey, what’s that? Pretty small.
Corey I. Sanders: Yes, it's a very small amount. The cancellation was right in the middle of one of our bigger conventions, SEMA, and that's probably why you're seeing a bigger impact than normal on the revenue side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a follow-up question for Grant Bowie. You commented about the kind of mid teens effect on rolling chip, and is there anything else impacting the expenses in Macau that we should be thinking about going forward?
Grant R. Bowie: No, not really. In fact, we've been, as we have discussed before, been pretty conscious of the need to keep everything very tight, and I'm pretty comfortable with that. I guess just the general overriding market pressures that everybody's aware of labor and the potential for increases in labor costs going forward. So that would probably be the only significant issue as far as I see it. And that's a market impact as opposed to, say, an MGM impact.
James Joseph Murren: Grant, just remind everyone, what’s labor, about 5% of overall costs, something like that?
Grant R. Bowie: Yes, 5.4%.
James Joseph Murren: Yes, so while increasing, it's relatively de minimis.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then just looking at the trends in the market overall, the divergence between your mass continuing to grow nicely and VIPs slowing, do you have thoughts about kind of rebalancing your tables between mass/VIP or adjusting your focus there?
Grant R. Bowie: We actually do that all the time. With the latest addition upstairs, it looks like there's a slight -- there's been some extra tables going to VIP, but this is a constant and quite fluid situation. And clearly, as we see the demand for the tables in different areas, we would do that. We're still pretty confident that we've got the right balance. We're trying to drive the yields up on the mass market, and we continue to do that and it looks pretty strong. But that's really, it's really a day-to-day active management process that we go through.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Dan, you talked at the beginning about how hold impacted some of the properties in the quarter. Just wondering was there a net impact from hold overall to your strip EBITDA?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: There was, Felicia. I think when you look at it, obviously, we were up year-over-year in terms of absolute hold percentage by a point. But with Bellagio being so much lower and having most of the volume in our wholly owned properties here at Bellagio, that obviously did impact the overall quarter. It was offset by some of the other properties. I think net-net, you're probably looking at it in a range of about plus or minus around $10 million.
James Joseph Murren: I think the hold was in our normal range, and 1% or 2% is a normal fluctuation that you're going to see in a quarter so it's within normal playing ranges.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. But given the volumes at Bellagio, I guess, Dan, did I hear correctly about $10 million to EBITDA?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Roughly. That's probably about right.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then Jim, just getting back to your group business, last call, you'd mentioned to us that your 2013 group business was largely sold already, but you were mainly at the time working on the holds or the shouldered periods. Just wondering if you can give us an update if there's been any progress there.
James Joseph Murren: Do you want me to turn it over to -- there has been a little bit – want me to turn it over to one of you guys? Go ahead, Bill.
William Joseph Hornbuckle: I mean, generally speaking, there has. I mean, we go into the year at 80% for the year in the year. By the time, we hit the end of the year, we're already over 80% in those bookings. The only reason you sense a little hesitation in my voice is the balance of that 20% usually comes within the year, 15% give or take. And then the ability to grab rate in those groups in those segments always generally depends on the overview of the general economy, what's going on with FIT. Because while very meaningful to the bottom line, recognize they’re still only about 15% of our overall mix. And so we feel great about '13. We feel better about '14, and our ability to push rate versus hold rate will be determined ultimately by what happens in the first and second quarter with overall visitation.
Corey I. Sanders: And Felicia, we have 91% of our rooms on the books now. So it has improved since the last time we talked compared to about a little over 80% last -- at the same time last year for the same period.
James Joseph Murren: And then certain properties, Chris, I've got to believe ARIA's like sold-out just about...
Corey I. Sanders: We're 5,500 room nights ahead of last year at the same time. We're getting real close there, just small tiny shoulder dates.
James Joseph Murren: Right. So I mean and the ones, the big, our most successful conference facilities like ARIA and Bellagio and the MGM Grand conference facilities, what Bill was referring to mostly is the convention center at Mandalay, which obviously we hold out some for those shoulder periods to try to drive rate. But we're in better shape today than we were when we talked to you on the second quarter call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Bain with Sterne Agee & Leach.
David Bain - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: First one's for Dan. I think you have about $3 billion in notes with the combined yield near 11%, and I'm wondering if you can give us any sense as to what that yield could be reduced to and any timing of freeing up some free cash flow from that.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, obviously, you can see where they trade, David, better than we can at the moment and in the marketplace, and there's a big disconnect in what we pay versus where they trade in the marketplace. So there is an opportunity there at the right time to think about putting our capital structure in the right context. And we think we can pick up anywhere from $100 million to $200 million of interest savings in the future with putting the right debt structure in place.
David Bain - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Grant, would you care to take a swing at the opening timeline in Cotai? And looking at where you are related to your competitors, I mean, Wynn has a ground permit, but I don't think they have a construction permit yet; SGM no formal Gazette; Galaxy and Studio are underway. Any way to handicap you versus competitor timelines, and do you think that there are going to be any labor issues in terms of the bottleneck?
Grant R. Bowie: Well, I think we're all running on a reasonably consistent cycle. So yes, it makes it rather complex. It think the key issue is going to be, as you alluded to, it's going to come down to that organization that can line up its approvals most effectively and get out and contract the capacity that's going to need to be available. Now I think that the thing that the government is fully aware of is that they do know all the projects that are coming online; they do know and have a fair indicator because we've all provided information on labor requirements. And I'm pretty confident that as long as we, as an organization, have completed all of the approval processes that we need to go through, that we will be able to secure the contract as who can supply the labor to get the job done. And so it is going to come down to getting ahead on your planning. And we're very confident on that, and we'll continue to do that. And my last comment would be is this is a marathon, and we all just have to keep on working. But it's very, very exciting. We've all worked very, very hard in getting us to this stage, and I think we're pretty confident that we can continue – and we can keep continuing to deliver, and we keep trying to underpromise and overdeliver.
David Bain - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just final one, Grant, have you heard anything new you on the smoking ban as it relates to enforcement? Any new chatter or do you have any thoughts about that for next year in general?
Grant R. Bowie: That is always a challenge. I think we've seen this around the world. The Executive Order was issued yesterday. We're going through that at the moment, digesting the final details. We've been working on this for some months now, and we have a series of different initiatives. And we're in that process. We do have to submit to the government our plan of the smoking areas, and we need to work through that. So I'm not really in a position to go into too much more detail at this point in time. We are, obviously, looking closely at ways to make sure that we maximize the areas that we do have available to ensure that we can protect our gaming revenues.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Oh with CLSA.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: My question is on maybe if you could help us map out the Cotai CapEx. I believe Grant mentioned $3.5 billion earlier. Could you help us map out what you think is the CapEx crunch over the next 36 months or so, and how should we then think about dividends coming up from Macau with respect to that CapEx we consume? What should we expect? And also we've seen dividend commitments coming from your other competitors that are being quite aggressive out of Macau. How should we think about that, given that you're going to be spending a large sum of money in Cotai?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Grant, maybe I'll start off and you can fill in the blanks. But Jon, the construction spend in Cotai is estimated at $2.5 billion, not $3.5 billion. So -- and the way we kind of look at it is we've just put in a $2 billion credit facility. There's plenty of excess cash sitting on the balance sheet. And depending on how you're modeling free cash flow going forward for the operations over the next few years, there's plenty of sources to not only fund the $2.5 billion Cotai project but to consider and have the board of MGM China think about dividends and other uses of capital going forward to maximize the return to our shareholders. So I don't think those are mutually exclusive, given the capital structure we put in place. From a timing standpoint, clearly, the biggest payment will be the land concession payment that we've made. Over the next few months, we'll be incurring design and preliminary construction and land payments, but really, in these construction projects, you won't start really ramping up ‘til year 2 and year 3 and a little tail post opening in terms of big dollars of construction amounts. So the first year will be predominantly kind of a land concession payment and some of the preconstruction activities, and then year 2 and 3 is when you'll see the bulk of the payments being made. Grant, I don't know if you had anything more to add to that.
Grant R. Bowie: No, that's pretty thorough, unless we have some specifics.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: All right. And just finally for me, does this notion going on that post the China election that perhaps we should see some form of resurgence in demand, especially coming from VIP? And this is something that's commonly shared by several of the other companies in Macau also. Maybe for Grant, could you maybe just map us out what do you think about this? Are you seeing any form of stabilization, so to speak, post Golden Week already? Do you think that confidence will come back, and how does that impact VIP and also mass market for 2013?
Grant R. Bowie: As I mentioned earlier, frankly, I don't really see significant impacts in the mass market at all, and we're continuing to see strength in that market. But there is no doubt that the VIP market has slowed and that probably is a little more impacted by conditions in China. I think it's very difficult for any of us to give an accurate assessment as to what -- how long it may take for things to ramp up. I think there's a great expectation and for anybody who's in that part of the world already, there's a lot of speculation. I think the key issue with the VIP there, I just keep on reminding some people, this has been substantial and significant growth over a relatively long period of time, and I think what we're seeing is something of a consolidation. So I don't think some of the indicators we're seeing are entirely linked to just the conditions in China. But we're now working from a very, very big base, and we now are obviously moving forward from that, and that's why we've -- we're looking at moderating the growth rates around that 8% to 10% while the mass market, we would expect to grow -- continue to grow somewhat faster than that.
Operator: Speakers, there are no further questions at this time.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Mackenzie, and thanks, everyone, for joining, given the complications for most of you on the East Coast. We'll be here all day for any follow-up questions. And thank you, all, for participating this morning.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Dan D’Arrigo – EVP and CFO Jim Murren – Chairman, President and CEO Bobby Baldwin – Chief Design and Construction Officer; President and CEO, CityCenter Grant Bowie – CEO, MGM China Holdings Limited Corey Sanders – COO Sarah Rogers – Director, IR
Analysts:  Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital Joe Greff – JPMorgan Harry Curtis – Nomura Mark Strawn – Morgan Stanley Cameron McKnight – Wells Fargo Robin Farley – UBS Carlo Santarelli – Deutsche Bank Jon Oh – CLSA Dennis Forst – KeyBanc Shaun Kelley – Bank of America Susan Berliner – JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bobby Baldwin, Chief Design and Construction Officer of MGM Resorts International and President and CEO of CityCenter; Dan D’Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Grant Bowie, Chief Executive Officer of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D’Arrigo.
Dan D’Arrigo: Thank you, Mackenzie, and good morning everyone and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and a replay of the call will be available later on today on our website. This morning, we’ve furnished our press release on Form 8-K with the SEC as well. Before turning it over to Jim, on this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today’s press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company’s performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our website. Finally, please note that the presentation is being recorded. And with that, I’ll now turn it over to Jim.
Jim Murren: Well, thanks Dan, and good morning, everyone. This morning we’ve reported solid second quarter results led by wholly-owned domestic resorts’ adjusted property EBITDA growth of 4% and record EBITDA for both CityCenter and Macau. These results were achieved despite the economic headwinds all companies are facing in these volatile times. Our operating teams remained quite focused on maximizing our revenue and keeping costs in check to drive cash flows throughout our portfolio properties. And at the same time, we continue to reinvest in our properties for the future and constantly introduce new and exciting offerings for the guests. During the second quarter, we observed a pocket of softness in the U.S. consumer beginning in mid-May. This was reflected in spend particularly in domestic table games, entertainment and in retail. We also experienced slower than anticipated in the year, for the year convention bookings during that brief period. And based on these current trends, we expect RevPAR in the third quarter will be slightly down. But despite these headwinds, we were able to grow our EBITDA, our RevPAR and our market share during the second quarter. The softness we experienced during the second quarter for convention bookings in the year, for the year has not impacted long-term bookings. In fact looking out into 2013, we’re encouraged to see convention bookings, the pace being up year-over-year and although it’s still early, 2014 pace is even stronger. We’ve also fortunately recently seen a pickup in U.S. consumer trends at our wholly-owned properties. We remain focused on driving market share and profitability in a variety of non-capital intensive opportunities; for example, M life. Our success here overall is evident in the fact that we’ve grown our market share to-date in table games and in slots, and we continue to outperform the market in terms of ADR and occupancy. We also grew our EBITDA at our regional properties year-over-year, despite an increasingly competitive environment there and some tough trends in the U.S. regional gaming markets. And we believe this is due to our M life customer loyalty program as being working. We’ve been actively cross-marketing our Las Vegas resorts to our regional customers and this program has done very well with approximately 20,000 room nights booked through this campaign since its inception in April. And our marketing alliances are successful in building loyalty. Ameristar has been a great partner so far and we look forward to continuing to grow our network. Yesterday, we announced a partnership with the Morgans Hotel Group. Through this partnership, Morgans will transform what is now THEhotel at Mandalay Bay into the Delano Las Vegas. We will begin remodeling the rooms of THEhotel in mid-2013. And through the Light Group, a subsidiary of Morgans, we will be introducing three new restaurants and a cutting-edge new nightclub, injecting some fresh energy into Mandalay Bay. We continue to be very focused on customer acquisition and expanding our reach into social media. And we have partnered with Playstudios to create and launch myVEGAS. myVEGAS is a social gaming app that recreates the Las Vegas trip experience and exclusively features our brands. It represents our collective thinking about how to leverage our brands and social channels to further engage our customers. It’s a unique and fresh take on social gambling and it’s a very cost-effective vehicle to acquire customers. And of course, we’re looking to expand our brands and operating expertise into some key strategic regions. As I’m sure you’ve seen in the headlines, we are actively pursuing growth opportunities in some gateway cities including Toronto, regions such as Western Mass., Maryland and of course Cotai through MGM China. We believe we’re well-positioned in these markets and believe that there’s not only great opportunities on a standalone basis, but also offer an opportunity to expand our network into Las Vegas through M life. We’re weathering this economic environment well. We’re proud of our position here in Las Vegas and how we’re doing and in the hospitality industry in general and we see many opportunities to grow our company. And with that, I’d like to turn it back over to Dan to talk about our operating results and financial position.
Dan D’Arrigo: Thank you, Jim. As Jim mentioned previously, our wholly-owned domestic resorts adjusted property EBITDA grew by 4% in the second quarter, despite the fact that our hold was down year-over-year. Our hold percentage during the second quarter was 17.7% compared to 18.2% in the prior year. Also you recall that Tunica was closed due to the flooding last year and reported a loss in the prior-year quarter of approximately $2 million and this year reported EBITDA of approximately $11 million. We grew our wholly-owned domestic hotel revenues by approximately 3% year-over-year despite the MGM Grand having approximately 67,000 rooms out of service for its ongoing room remodel program in the quarter, pretty impactful to the Grand and a little bit more I would say of a disruption to the Grand than we had originally anticipated there. Moving over to our balance sheet, we currently have $855 million in available capacity under our revolver and over $700 million in excess cash, totaling just over $1.5 billion in liquidity excluding MGM China. We believe we will soon have the opportunity to refinance some of our secured debt at progressively lower rates, which will also enhance our free cash flow going forward. Just last week, we launched to the marketplace a refinancing in Macau. The proposed $1.5 billion five-year credit facility will be a combination of term loan and revolver. We’ve received strong initial support from our lenders and look forward to showing you all of the details of that transaction upon its completion. As you’re aware, we continue to be debt-free in Macau on a net basis. So this financing will provide MGM China the financial flexibility to carry out its development plans in Cotai. Our second quarter capital expenditures were $102 million including $18 million at MGM China. We continue to expect our CapEx for the full year to be approximately $350 million. Our MGM Grand room remodel continues to progress with approximately 3,300 rooms completed. The project is on schedule for a September completion date. In the fall, we will begin the remodel of the Bellagio Spa Tower rooms, which will cost us approximately $40 million and is included in our full-year capital budget. The room remodel will begin here in August and be completed right before the holidays later on this year. Just to give you some guidance in terms of the third quarter, our stock compensation expense is estimated to be approximately $9 million to $10 million. Depreciation expense in the quarter is estimated to be approximately $230 million to $235 million. Our interest expense in the second quarter was $277 million including approximately $6 million from MGM China and $17 million in amortization expense. We estimate that our gross interest expense for the third quarter will be roughly in line with the second quarter. With that, I’d like to turn it over to Bobby Baldwin to talk about CityCenter.
Bobby Baldwin: Thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone or good afternoon. We’re excited to report that ARIA, Vdara, and Crystals each reported record EBITDA in the quarter as well as overall CityCenter resort operations achieving record EBITDA of $71 million in the second quarter of this year. ARIA’s second quarter record EBITDA of $56 million was a 5.4% increase from the second quarter last year. The year-over-year EBITDA growth is impressive given ARIA held 24% in the current year’s quarter compared to 29.2% in the prior year in table games. ARIA’s growth despite having held a lower year-over-year rate is indicative of the growing core customers at ARIA. ARIA achieved a significant milestone in the quarter with occupancy of 92.7%, the highest level to-date, and the first time occupancy exceeded 90% for an entire quarter. June occupancy in particular was the highest since opening and marked the fourth consecutive month above 90%. ARIA also realized its highest quarterly RevPAR to-date of $187. It is noteworthy that the growth in the hotel is occurring in more profitable cash businesses as we continue to perfect the market mix at ARIA. In the casino, we are pleased to report that second quarter table game drop remained strong. Slot revenue also increased indefinitely by 12% compared to the second quarter last year and poker revenues were a record level for the quarter. Tickets have gone on sale for Zarkana, which is set to open on November 1st. This is our new show. Early ticket sales and interest in the show have been extremely encouraging and indicate that this will be a valuable addition to ARIA resort. In addition to Zarkana, there are several other important changes occurring throughout ARIA. On August 1, Tetsu, a teppanyaki grill opened adjacent to barMASA and next month Javier’s, a high-end Mexican restaurant located off the casino floor will commence operations. We’re excited about these two new venues and feel that they will better align our offerings with the expectations of our guests and further enhance the experience at ARIA. We’ve also broken ground on our Las Vegas Boulevard marquee sign for ARIA. This marquee will feature the largest digital screen on the strip and increase our visibility and drive foot traffic to all of CityCenter. Vdara also reported EBITDA of $7 million, up 22.6% from last year. Vdara continues to show increases year-over-year with revenues up almost 17% and occupied rooms up 16.7%. At Crystals, second quarter 2012 EBITDA, the highest ever recorded, was $8.3 million versus $5.7 million last year. The increase is the result of higher rent revenue for percentage rent tenants and rent for new store openings. Operating expenses also decreased slightly. One new tenant open at Crystals, Eres, a member of the Chanel brand featuring swimwear and lingerie opened April 18, a Pinkberry frozen yogurt concept will open August 2012 on The Strip in front of the Mandarin Oriental. As of June 30, Crystals was 87% leased and we’re working diligently to lease out the remaining spaces. That concludes my report. I’ll turn it over to you, Grant Bowie.
Grant Bowie: Thanks, Bobby. MGM China had a solid second quarter. Net revenues were $709 million. This was up 6% year-on-year. Adjusted property EBITDA reached $187 million which is a net of 12 of branding fees. Before the branding fees, adjusted property EBITDA was $199 million, an increase of 14% year-over-year and a record high for the property. The EBITDA margin before branding fees improved to 28.3% from 26.1% last year due mainly to a higher hold percentage on our VIP business, but also from continued improvement of our main floor contribution and the ongoing impact of our efficiency initiatives. Across our key revenue segments, we are seeing continued strong growth in the main floor table games, slots, and our in-house VIP while in the junket segment, as most know, we’re seeing some slowing in its growth. Overall win for the VIP segment was down 2% year-over-year despite our new in-house VIP space improving at a steady pace throughout the quarter. In fact, we had our best in-house VIP quarter ever during this period with rolling chip increasing 17% year-on-year. On the main floor, table win was 17% year-over-year, an increase of 220 basis point improvement in our margins due to our table yield, key performance indicator-based efficiency decisions and table spread efforts. While the competition in this segment is heating up particularly in Cotai, we are looking to enhance our product offerings by introducing some new games to our players in the near future. Our slot win increased 48% year-on-year. We credit this with our consistent and determined execution of our strategy which has allowed us to attract and retain top-tier customers. These customers continue to respond strongly to our slot product and service offerings particularly in the high-limit gaming areas. The key elements of our business strategies are working. For example, we mentioned in our last call that we’re working on driving visitation numbers by creating unique experiences for our guests. We opened up our butterfly exhibition in April. This exhibition has consistently attracted around 50,000 visitors a month. On an incremental basis, the exhibition increased our property visitation by 8%. In the month of June in particular, our property visitation increased 9% year-over-year, while in fact, the Macau visitation actually declined by 3.4%. The incremental traffic lifted our cash, F&B sales during the quarter by 5% year-over-year, and certainly had a positive spillover effect on our mass gaming. To solely capitalize on the retail opportunities presented by the traffic increases, we’re contemplating expanding our retail presence at the property in the future. On the gaming front, we are working to complete our Level Two expansion. This project will deliver a high-quality product to house over 40 VIP gaming tables. The project is expected to be completed in early fourth quarter. It is our goal to increase revenue and junket productivity by introducing new junkets and reexamining existing junket table allocation. On the main floor, we will introduce some new products to offer to our customers. And at the same time, we’ll be focused on capital improvements next year to refresh our mass gaming experience. On our Cotai project, we’ve made a lot of progress on getting our construction team in place as well as continuing to refine and enhance our designs. We continue to make progress with respect to our land concession process. A dialog with the Macau government has been positive and proceeding at an encouraging pace. While that process continues, we’re making every effort to hit the ground running once the land process is complete. We’re preparing our general building plan for submission shortly and we have submitted an application for our land prep work and working to have our general contractor on board in the fourth quarter. Our Cotai project as previously advised will have approximately 500 tables, 2,500 slots, 1,600 rooms and a budget of approximately $2.5 billion. And this would be spent over a timeframe of approximately 36 months. At the end of the second quarter, MGM China had approximate cash of $660 million, debt of $553 million and an adjusted leverage ratio of less than one or 0.84 to be precise based on trailing 12 month EBITDA. With that, I’ll turn it back to Jim for his closing remarks. Thank you.
Jim Murren: Thanks, Grant. Well, as we said, the macroeconomic environment has been tough, but we’re very proud of our team efforts here in operating very well in these challenges. We had a solid second quarter and we believe 2012 will also be a solid year. We have a strong event calendar coming up for the balance of 2012, a lot of good concerts over at the MGM and Mandalay Event Center. And looking ahead into 2013, all of our room product at MGM Grand at Bellagio will be fully refreshed and we know that that leads to higher ADR and better customer mix. We’re going to have new entertainment and dining options throughout the portfolio including a massive new food and beverage and entertainment venue, Hakkasan over at MGM Grand, new Cirque du Soleil shows at ARIA and at Mandalay Bay and we’re welcoming back Blue Man Group to Monte Carlo. We remain positive about the future of Las Vegas as visitation continues to grow and we expect the new international terminal at McCarran which just opened in late June will help drive future growth and that builds on the momentum we’re seeing from our European visitors. And the good news is there’s no new supply coming to Las Vegas anytime soon. Macau remains extremely exciting as a marketplace. We expect the infrastructure additions over the coming years will continue to drive visitation and visitors to MGM Macau and our Cotai resort to come. I believe MGM is in the strongest financial position than at any point over the past three years and that our operating trends are improving. We continue to drive profitability both by managing our costs and FTEs and also by growing our revenues through M life, regional and global expansion opportunities and expanding our brand and customer reach via social media. And with that operator, I’d like to move over to the Q&A section of our call. Mackenzie?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And the first question comes from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning, guys.
Jim Murren: Good morning, Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Hi. Jim, just wanted to touch on the pocket of softness that you talked about. Obviously not a big surprise for everybody. But just as we look towards the second half of the year, it sounds like we should all assume that that persists. Is that how you think we should look at that?
Jim Murren: Well, maybe I’ll take it and then we can turn over. We’ve already seen an improvement in customer trends here in the third quarter. So we did see a pocket. I think it was but about a five-week period of time, would you say?
Dan D’Arrigo: Yeah, that’s correct. We saw kind of starting in mid-May and kind of ended late in June where we saw kind of pace slow down, the market reacted and since that point in time, we’ve seen on a forward booking trend standpoint, we’ve seen the pace pick back up and we’re starting to get that pricing power later on in the year. So, it’s picked back up and that’s why we kind of look at it as a little bit of a blip on the radar screen right now.
Jim Murren: But it did affect our bookings for the third quarter, which is reflected in what we talked about being RevPAR down slightly in the third quarter. In the year, for the year has been affected by that booking weakness that we saw in May and June. We think also people are kind of hanging out before the election and taking a breather on conventions a little bit before the national election. But, as I said earlier, that has not had any impact on our longer-term bookings.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay, because – thank you for that answer because it kind of feeds into a follow-up there. So if we think about maybe your RevPAR outlook for the second half based on what you said prior, I was thinking maybe low-single digits, but maybe that view is different based on what you said? And then also I was wondering how the current in the year, for the year trends foreshadow your future convention bookings?
Jim Murren: Hi, let me take that a little bit, and then anyone, Corey or Dan jump in. We gave RevPAR guidance as we typically do in the second quarter and we beat that in the second quarter, the one we just reported. Third quarter being down slightly, I’m sure sounds a lot better than a lot of the room rate surveys. The room rate surveys that we see from you and your brethren are down, really kind of double-digits, and the reason why we’re not down that much is we’ve seen a good pick-up in the retail business, leisure business in particular. So, that’s why RevPAR is probably a more moderate decline than you would have guessed. Going into the fourth quarter, we just don’t have a view yet on what the fourth quarter RevPAR’s going to be, except for the fact that as I said earlier, consumer trends are starting to pick-up. The convention business in the third quarter of last year, in terms of mix, I think was an all-time record in terms of mix. So, we’re going to be down in the convention business in the third quarter in terms of the mix relative to our total room count. But again, that’s against an all-time record last year. And as I said, we – our pace was up for 2013. Anyone want to add anything to that or...?
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. I think I got it. Thank you.
Jim Murren: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Greff from JPMorgan.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: Good morning, everybody. When you look at the trends on the Strip in May, June and July, is there a big difference between the consumer at the high-end versus the consumer at the core properties in terms of spend?
Jim Murren: Want to take that, Corey or...?
Corey Sanders: Yeah, I think at the high end at our Bellagio and our higher end properties, we’ve seen spend actually increase pretty decently, mid-single digits, and at the core properties is probably where we’ve seen a little bit of the reduction in spend from the core customer.
Jim Murren: Just adding to that, Corey, RevPAR in the luxury properties was up more in the second quarter than at the non-luxury properties. And the – that’s RevPAR, but if you look at total revenue per occupied room, again doing better on the luxury side if you adjust for the hold that we had. Mirage held single-digits in the quarter. So that doesn’t help much, but if you take out that – strip out some of the hold impacts, the revenue per occupied room looks pretty good. Our entertainment, retail on the luxury side was up year-over-year.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: Great, and you would say that’s consistent with what you’ve seen in July, relative to what you’ve seen in the second quarter?
Jim Murren: That’s correct.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: Okay. And then you touched on this a little bit, the room renovation disruption at the MGM Grand, is there any way to quantify that on an EBITDA basis? I’m presuming there’s also some low hold there as well. If you can maybe help us understand how that property did between hold and the room renovation disruption on the EBITDA side, that would be helpful? And that’s all from me. Thanks.
Dan D’Arrigo: Yeah, Joe, they were – the Grand was probably the largest culprit in terms of the hold impact for the quarter. I think combined with the room disruption, you’re probably looking at low to mid-teens kind of EBITDA impact overall between those two factors. So, you’re kind of in that $13 million to $15 million range between hold impact and disruption from the room remodel program.
Jim Murren: I have to caveat by saying I hate using room remodels as an excuse. I hated it when I was an analyst, I hate it now. But a couple of things about the Grand, to defend the Grand because it actually – they did a great job over there. A couple of things we pulled out. The second quarter was the second highest RevPAR in the history of the property, the property opened back in 1993. It had the second highest RevPAR since 2005. The Food and Beverage revenue was in the top 10 for a quarter in the history of the property, again open for quite a while. Wet Republic had its best quarter ever. It’s the third highest second quarter in terms of entertainment. I mean there’s a lot – I mean I don’t know how many you want of these. Convention room nights were up 34% in the quarter. Slot handle was up. National cable game drop was up. So, there’s no doubt it hurts, but it’s not an excuse to shift an explanation with I guess what’s going on there, and it’s done next month. And we know based on the rooms that have been brought back on to service, we’re getting nice increases in ADR and the mix is starting to pick up and we’ll have all of that for the fourth quarter and certainly for all of next year.
Corey Sanders: And the convention groups love the product. So, future bookings look really good on the convention side of the Grand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis from Nomura.
Harry Curtis – Nomura: Hey. Corey, just following up on that last comment of yours. When we look into the 2013 bookings, it sounds – can you give us a little bit more meat on that bone in terms of the convention bookings relative to the amount that you really want on the books at MGM and Mandalay Bay and ARIA and Bellagio, the ones that really drive the train? Thanks.
Corey Sanders: Yeah, Harry, the numbers actually look pretty good there. We’re seeing double-digit increases in the rooms on the books there. And everything’s positive from that perspective both at Bellagio and MGM. Mandalay Bay is always the tough one, because there’s so many rooms always on the books, but they’re getting up there and their pace should be where we’d like to see them. We’re pretty comfortable where we are with rooms on the books at this time of year for what we’re expecting for next year, which we expect a growth in the convention market and convention mix for the company.
Harry Curtis – Nomura: So at this point in the year, are you about 50%, 60%, 70% of where you want to be for next year?
Corey Sanders: We’re north of that.
Harry Curtis – Nomura: Okay.
Bobby Baldwin: So is CityCenter or ARIA.
Corey Sanders: We’re in a really good position. Now it’s just filling the holes in tough periods, but we’re pretty comfortable where we are right now on the convention side for next year.
Harry Curtis – Nomura: Okay.
Corey Sanders: Even more so in 2014.
Harry Curtis – Nomura: And another operating question for Jim. In 2009 and 2010, there were two years where you chopped several hundred million dollars of expenses out of your P&L. How much fat is left to cut? How much margin improvement can we see on the expense side over the next 12 months?
Jim Murren: Well, I lost about eight pounds in the past year, but – and Bill Hornbuckle found it, he said. We’re pruning. We always prune, Harry. It’s not going to be a significant amount of cost going forward, but we have a goal of trying to pull out about $50 million a year, out of our – out of our wholly-owned and corporate departments despite technology efficiencies, and we feel good about that. The major effort was back in 2008, 2009, and fortunately those days are well behind us right now. So, I think you saw that we’re getting decent flow through at some of our properties, especially if you kind of figure out the hold on it. We’re going to – our FTEs are flat. We’re managing our expanses in other ways where we can, and we’re very, very focused on driving free cash. So, as we drive some revenue, we’re committed to bringing as much of that to the bottom line as possible. And by building up some market share as we are and improving our customer mix which does lead to higher margins, we think that there’s a good chance for that.
Harry Curtis – Nomura: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Strawn from Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn – Morgan Stanley: . Just one quick question on the Group side. You gave some good detail there on the room counts, but could you give some color on rates and how they’re trending going forward, and if you’ve seen any push back recently on any rate increases that perhaps were built into forward contracts?
Corey Sanders: Yeah, forward contracts were given price increases on all of them. We see rates going up. Our biggest challenge is having the leisure and FIT rates keep up with the convention rates which is not a bad challenge to have. But everything’s looking positive on the rate increases.
Mark Strawn – Morgan Stanley: Is there any way to give a range on that at all? Is it more low to mid singles for the group side or is it...
Corey Sanders: It’s hard to say because of comparing apples-to-apples and who’s in what space at what time. I mean, I would suspect, we’re going to see mid single-digit increases.
Mark Strawn – Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Cameron McKnight from Wells Fargo.
Cameron McKnight – Wells Fargo: Good morning. Thanks. Jim, a question or perhaps for Corey as well. It looks like visitation growth for the Strip was basically flat in April and May. How are you guys thinking about that as we look forward?
Jim Murren: Well, you’re right. We don’t have the June numbers out yet to my knowledge, right? What’s that?
Sarah Rogers: Terminal 3 opening...
Jim Murren: Yeah. So Sarah’s mentioning that what will be a little shot of adrenaline for Las Vegas with Terminal 3 opening up in June. That certainly helps us because we cater to an international customer. Particularly our European business does really well in the summer and continues to do well this summer. So I think that that will have a positive impact on visitation. We don’t have the numbers out yet, but that’s our guess. We do believe – which is remarkable given where we were a few years ago – but we believe we’re going to have an all-time record in terms of visitors to Las Vegas this year in 2012, north of 40 million people. And we’re capturing more than our fair share of those visitors. And so I guess that you’ll see a pick-up because of Terminal 3 and we have a lot of events coming up into the fourth quarter city-wide, not just for our company. So, we think the trends will be moderately up year-over-year for the balance of the year on visitors.
Cameron McKnight – Wells Fargo: Okay, great. Thanks. And then a follow-up for Grant. Grant, when you speak to your customers in China, what are you hearing from them at the moment?
Grant Bowie: Well, I think we’re in an interesting time at this part of the world with obviously the transition about to take place. People actually are still – certainly have money. There’s no question about it, but there’s no question that people are just being a little more careful which we think is just a short-term phenomenon.
Cameron McKnight – Wells Fargo: Great, thanks very much.
Grant Bowie: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin Farley – UBS: Great, thanks. I wonder if you can give a little bit of color on the dividend, tax agreement with Macau in the quarter and just what it now would allow you to do with dividends going forward in terms of tax wise that it didn’t before? And then I have another question on the quarter.
Dan D’Arrigo: Robin, that agreement is pretty consistent with what the other operators in the market. It’s basically an annual fee in lieu of the dividend tax. That agreement covers us through the year ended 2011 and any dividends payable through the year ended 2011 and we’ve submitted an extension request to that agreement that’s pending with the government currently. So, it’s roughly about, Grant, correct if I’m wrong, about a $3 million, $4 million payment in the quarter that covered all the previous years and the extension right now is pending approval with the Macau authorities.
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay, great. And then I think in your introductory comments you mentioned that during the second quarter, I think you said there were more rooms out of service than maybe you’d expected just with the renovations at the Grand. I wonder if you could – can quantify just given what percent of rooms are out of service for the quarter, how much that helped the reported RevPAR, the year-over-year percent change, if you could give sort of a rough quantification?
Corey Sanders: Yes, so the rooms out of order were what we were expecting. I don’t think it has much of an impact at all when you’re running mid-90%s occupied. It doesn’t change a lot on your denominator. In a traditional hotel company, you take 10% out, it will have an impact, but for our high occupancies, it’s hard to say. We’ve lost a lot of money on the weekends when we’re selling out. So, we’ve looked at it many different times. I just – I don’t think it’s had an impact at all on it.
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay. Did you – can you quantify what percent of rooms out of service in the quarter?
Jim Murren: It’s only one – it’s a small number because if you take the – you mean, Robin, relative to our whole portfolio or relative to MGM Grand?
Robin Farley – UBS: Oh no, just like – in other words if it was 1% of your whole portfolio out of service, just, since we’re putting that in relationship to the percent change in RevPAR year-over-year, I know it’s going to be a small number, but I’m just wondering how much of that 5%?
Corey Sanders: Keep in mind also we’re taking our – we’re taking our high end rooms out of service and replacing and filling more rooms at our lower end, which is going to have a negative impact on the company RevPAR.
Dan D’Arrigo: So, overall Robin, we had about in the quarter for Q2, we had about 63,000 rooms out of service, which was a little over 2% of rooms out of service year-over-year.
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay, great. Thank you. I don’t know if I could ask one more about your Cotai approval. I know you’ve talked about some of the things you’re doing in preparation with your team on the ground. Do you still – are you still expecting sort of imminently to get the terms of the land agreement from the government? I don’t know if you have any more of a clear timeframe on that?
Jim Murren: Well, I’ll turn it over to Grant, but after our last call, we did – shortly after, I think it’s within a week, we passed a very important hurdle and it’s a multi-step – Grant, how many stages are there like 16, 17, 18 stages? I lose track.
Grant Bowie: A lot.
Jim Murren: Yeah, it’s like a steeplechase, but we did have a good milestone after that. We’ve had a few cents, but it’s moved at a pace. Grant, if you want to add anything to it?
Grant Bowie: I think the key issue is that I think we’ve pretty well provided the government everything we need and I just want to reiterate that the timeframe of actually execution. Yes, the land concession is critical, but the next phase which is getting the building built is just as time-consuming and that’s what we’ve been taking this opportunity to get ourselves ahead of that curve. And we’re pretty excited and the team’s doing a great job on that. So, I think we always need to keep remembering, because I think we’ve all become somewhat obsessed about the – it’s only about the land. That’s really only the beginning of the process and we’re trying to parallel some of this work, and I think we’re doing a pretty good job of that.
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli – Deutsche Bank: Hey, good morning, everyone. Could you guys talk a little bit about during that soft period that you’ve experienced in the 2Q, if there was an aggressive competitive response maybe from anyone on The Strip or could you kind of quantify how you’re seeing the competitive environment going into the back half of this year?
Corey Sanders: Yeah, this is Corey. During that period, there was a competitive environment. We try to maintain our practices in what we would do and so we don’t really participate in a lot of that. I would say now what we’re seeing is it’s probably lightened up and it’s probably back to a normal level. There are some people out there that are probably a little more competitive than others, but from our perspective, we’re back to a normal yielding process.
Carlo Santarelli – Deutsche Bank: Great. And when you guys talk about down slightly on the RevPAR metric in the third quarter, should we expect to see most of that on the occupancy side and maybe be able to hold some rates or would you look at that the other way? Thanks.
Corey Sanders: Yeah Carlo, that will probably be a combination. I think when you look at last year’s third quarter with a higher mix in convention, we ran pretty high occupancies in the third quarter. So I think it’ll be a little bit of a combination of both in the quarter.
Carlo Santarelli – Deutsche Bank: Great. Thanks guys.
Jim Murren: And from our perspective, I mean we can make our RevPAR go up by just having our rates higher. We maximize EBITDA and we’re going to maximize occupancy at the highest rate we could get. And therefore that’s the result we’re going to see in the third quarter. We prefer to have as much cash flow in our buildings as possible.
Carlo Santarelli – Deutsche Bank: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Jon Oh from CLSA.
Jon Oh – CLSA: Hi. Thanks and morning. I have two questions. I’ll start off with, if you could give us some trends or any color on the high-end Chinese baccarat segment in Vegas?
Corey Sanders: Well, it’s been consistently up. I would say in the second quarter for the MGM Resorts companies including ARIA, we had the largest drop and we didn’t hold as well, but we have the largest drop that we’ve seen in the history of the company in the second quarter on the international side.
Jon Oh – CLSA: And just a follow-up for – maybe for Dan. Could you give us some insights into your receivables exposure in Macau? What’s the outstanding amount of receivables that you have right now? How much have you provided for and also some sense on the aging of the accounts that would be useful to us? Thank you.
Dan D’Arrigo: Well, maybe I’ll turn that over to Grant, but we feel pretty comfortable with where we’re at in terms of our allowances and where the receivables are. Grant, do you have the details in front of you?
Grant Bowie: I do. So as of the June 30 balance, the balance was in Hong Kong dollars this is, because I’m looking at the Hong Kong dollar accounts, so forgive me. So it’s HK$809 million. That’s about – less than $100 million U.S. and we’ve reserved about $200 million against that. We’re actually pretty conservative with that reserving strategy. And so, I think we’re – in a net position, we’re in pretty good shape. We’re slightly ahead of where we were last year, but really nothing significant. It’s less than 10% ahead of where we were in terms of total receivables outstanding.
Jon Oh – CLSA: And Grant, if I can just ask you a little more details on that, based on the HK$809 million receivables, could you give us some indication as to how much of that is advance commission to junkets versus your direct VIP program?
Grant Bowie: The advances to the junkets is about – let me just check that. It represents about 60% of that, 70%.
Jon Oh – CLSA: Okay. Thank you.
Grant Bowie: Okay. And on that basis just when you talk about junkets, we liquidate that amount every month. So that gets cleared every month, so that rolls.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dennis Forst from KeyBanc.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Yeah, good morning, everybody. I wanted to ask Grant a question about the table games in China. I think your first comments were how there’s strength in the mass tables and your direct roll was up, then you talked about a Level 2 expansion, actually adding more VIP tables which kind of contradicts where the strength’s been and where everybody’s going towards the mass. Can you just flesh that out for me, Grant?
Grant Bowie: Well, I think it’s important that we actually build on a portfolio. So when I say we’re building out Level 2, that’s not at the exclusion of the mass market. We continue in the main floor to actually upgrade all the time. What we’re doing on Level 2 and I think we’ve discussed it for sometime is that the – we really need to maximize our productivity and our availability to bring in multiple operators into the environment. And so what we’re now starting to see is that we have the large junket operators, what we’re now wanting to position ourselves for is to be able to add greater number of high quality what euphemistically might be called a Tier 2 operator, which is slightly smaller. And so what we’re really doing is reorganizing the real estate, making sure we have the right tables and the right configurations in the right places such that we can have the maximum number of independent operators providing us the greatest depth. And as we all know generating the maximum volume, we can to get that – to get as much of the volatility out as we can.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: So the...?
Grant Bowie: So, even though the market – even though the growth rates are slowing and what we still have to do is make sure that in this competitive marketplace, we provide the most attractive, the best facilities we can to get more than our share of that pie.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Okay, and if you used every table you had available, would it – what number would it be? I think you’re at 426 right now. Is that the most you can use?
Grant Bowie: We got 427. The 426 simply identifies that 426 units have operated at some time during the period. We still in terms of yield and managing and spreading the tables, have the capacity to reconfigure and that’s what I mean about building different space configurations. So making sure that we don’t waste any tables that are not performing at their floor average. And so taking tables out of say a six-table configuration moving it into say combinations of double table private rooms, single table private rooms. So we still got some room to go in terms of getting more value out of the 427 tables that we have.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Okay, terrific. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley – Bank of America: , good morning. I just wanted to go back to the group business in Vegas, real quickly. So, I think in the past you’ve talked about, for last year, roughly 15% of your business was group and convention mix and then I think this year, the target was to probably be more like 15.5%. So the question is, with some of the more kind of in the quarter, for the quarter softness, is that – kind of is that 15.5% still the target for this year or do you think that number’s a little lower? And then what do you think that number is for next year?
Dan D’Arrigo: Well, I think Shaun – this is Dan. We did just about, just inside of 15% mix last year. I think exactly we were at like 14.7%, and we’re hoping to do a little bit better than that this year around the 15% level. I think right now, based on the in the year, for the year, we’re kind of pacing around 14% to 15%. By no means are we giving up. The team’s working hard to continue to build in that, in the year, for the year. So, I think right now, we’re continuing to pace at about a 14% to 15% level.
Bobby Baldwin: And we’re replacing that business, we’re replacing that with leisure business. So, we’re able to fill the rooms but with other channels.
Shaun Kelley – Bank of America: Okay. That’s helpful. And then I guess, the second question was just going back to the kind of the softness that you saw. As we dig down there, did you see a little bit more on – just trying to kind of understand, did you see it a little bit more on the gaming side or on some of the non-gaming spend, because I think, Jim, you mentioned that the, outside the room spending, entertainment, and some of that stuff was actually still up. So was it actually that you saw that core mid-tier customer just gambling a little less? Just trying to kind of understand the customer behavior a little bit.
Jim Murren: Yeah, gambling was a little bit, not – it was very little, very little impact. Entertainment was impacted. Retail was impacted at the core properties. And really what wasn’t impacted were the nightclubs and day clubs which had record revenue numbers.
Shaun Kelley – Bank of America: Okay. And my last question would just be for Grant. Grant, the EBITDA margins in Macau were exceptional this quarter and I’m just trying to think through, as we – kind of the hold normalization will be a piece of it, but trying to kind of understand – I mean you guys probably benefited from mass market kind of mix shift. So just kind of your thoughts on the sustainability of that margin going forward as you kind of ramp up the direct – your direct business and the mass business would be helpful?
Grant Bowie: I don’t think we’ve really changed our proposition. We’re still saying mid to upper 20%s. I think this period was probably a pretty good indicator of sort of the upper quartile, but I still say that it’s in that mid to upper 20%s. So, I think I’m still really comfortable. And the more – you correctly say the more we can get the main flow of mass market mix working for us, certainly the bigger advantage it has for us.
Shaun Kelley – Bank of America: Okay. Thank you very much.
Dan D’Arrigo: And Mackenzie, we’re coming on the top of the hour. So, we’ll take one more question from the group.
Operator: And your last question comes from Susan Berliner from JPMorgan.
Susan Berliner – JPMorgan: Hi, good morning. I had two questions. One was I was wondering if you could talk about the managed and other because it showed a nice pick-up there, and I was wondering how we should think about that going forward?
Dan D’Arrigo: I think when you look at it there, Sue, I mean on the cash flow side, it obviously benefited from a full quarter of our share of the IPC out of Macau and that was offset a little bit by some expenses there. So most of the increase was a result of the full quarter of our share of the IPC out of Macau.
Susan Berliner – JPMorgan: Okay, great. And Dan, just I guess going forward with regards to – I know you’re looking to refinance some expensive debt, use of free cash flow to pay down debt. How should we think about, I guess, for modeling purposes going forward the Macau dividends as well as what’s remaining in the Borgata account?
Dan D’Arrigo: Well, I think as it relates to the Borgata account, we get and do have the ability to use some of those funds for debt repayment and debt service and we’ve done that. I think that accounts – it’s around $160-ish million today in that trust account and that will run its course over the agreement we have there. As far as dividends out of Macau, that’ll be something the board will sit down and contemplate from time to time much like it did earlier this year and will obviously factor in not only the performance where the balance sheet is and the cash position of Macau, but also going forward where we’re at in our Cotai development and other growth opportunities. And I think as you look out and look at the facility we’re putting together, the cash flow potential of MGM Macau, I think there’ll be a variety of opportunities for that port to consider going forward and that will include the opportunity to continue to return cash to shareholders. So that’ll be something that that board will consider from time to time, but the opportunity will be there.
Susan Berliner – JPMorgan: Great. Thank you.
Dan D’Arrigo: Thank you everyone for joining and we’ll be around all day for any follow-up questions.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer James Joseph Murren - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Robert H. Baldwin - Chief Design & Construction Officer, Director, President of Project CityCenter and Chief Executive Officer of Project CC LLC Grant R. Bowie - President Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer Unknown Executive - 
Analysts: William J. Lerner - Union Gaming Group, LLC Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bobby Baldwin, Chief Design and Construction Officer of MGM Resorts International and President and CEO of CityCenter; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Grant Bowie, Chief Executive Officer of MGM China Holdings, Limited. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Ashley, and good morning, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and a replay of the call will be made available on our website.  We furnished our press release on Form 8-K this morning to the SEC. And before we get started, I'd like to read a few Safe Harbors. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause the actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K.  During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our website.  Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Mr. Jim Murren.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. Well, we had many accomplishments during the first quarter of this year. We completed several financing transactions at CityCenter and at MGM. MGM China paid a dividend of $400 million to its shareholders. We announced a partnership with Ameristar and launched the non-gaming component of M life, our rewards program.  Here in Las Vegas, January and February were very strong months with increases in many of our core business levels throughout the properties year-over-year. Then we had March, where we faced 2 challenges, a very difficult citywide convention comparison and a poor table game hold.  Despite these anomalies, growth in our Las Vegas resorts is continuing. We posted year-over-year growth across all major metrics. Net revenues, adjusted EBITDA, margins all grew year-over-year. We also cheated our REVPAR guidance of -- I think we said 2% to 3%. We're up 4% in our Las Vegas Strip properties. And we continue to believe that REVPAR growth for the year will be at least mid-single digit, with potential upside coming from the in-year-for-the-year convention bookings and retail segment strength. We grew both rate and occupancy, and our gaming volumes grew in table games and in slots.  On the regional side, MGM Grand Detroit continues to perform well and had its second-best quarter ever. Detroit's performance was driven by record slot handle and revenue at that property. And in addition, both Beau Rivage and Tunica experienced significant year-over-year growth. CityCenter experienced a difficult first quarter from a hold perspective, with ARIA holding significantly below the prior year. I know ARIA is getting the high-end play and I know that they expect their customers to return the favor in future quarters. Bobby will discuss this in greater detail in a little while, and there are many great projects underway there to expand that business.  MGM China reported another record quarter, with EBITDA growth of 21% and improved margins. Grant's going to go into further details about what's driving that and where we see continued growth opportunities.  Beyond that, we're reinvesting in our resorts. As you know, we are actively pursuing growth opportunities in key gateway cities. We've recently been back from Japan, where we think the prospects are favorable, and more recently, in Toronto, which we find the opportunity there to be particularly exciting. We're spending time in South Korea and through MGM China in Taiwan, and of course, we remain highly focused on Western Massachusetts and we believe we're very well positioned on all these fronts. We continue to improve this company financially and operationally, and we're excited about our future.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Dan to get into some of our operating results.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Thanks, Jim. In the quarter, our wholly owned domestic resort casino trends continued to improve. Our casino revenues were up 9%, driven by table game volumes, up 5%; and our slot handle, up 7%. We saw year-over-year volume improvement in both our national and international rated table games play, and believe that this is being driven by market share gains and the continued rollout of our M life customer loyalty program.  As Jim mentioned, unfortunately, our casino results were negatively impacted by hold in the quarter. Had we held at the midpoint of our range, we would have generated an additional $25 million in EBITDA at our wholly owned properties and approximately $7 million for our share at ARIA, assuming a midpoint of a hold range for ARIA. Given these adjustments, our property EBITDA -- adjusted property EBITDA would have been $509 million versus the $477 million we reported.  Our room trends continue to improve. Our wholly owned domestic hotel revenues increased 3% year-over-year. That increase was despite having over 70,000 rooms out of service at the MGM Grand due to the current room remodel that's underway. And overall, we were still able to increase our occupied room nights by approximately 60,000 in the quarter, reflecting a gain in market share, as well as the continued strength in demand for our Las Vegas Strip resorts.  It is clear that the underlying trends remained positive. But as anticipated, due to the difficult citywide convention comparison in March, our convention mix was down slightly year-over-year. Our luxury resorts were able to fill their convention room nights with in-house bookings and reported REVPAR up 7% in the quarter, while our non-luxury resorts reported a REVPAR increase of roughly 3% in the quarter. Those resorts obviously felt that impact of the citywide much more than our luxury resorts.  As mentioned earlier, we've had a busy start to the year and have made several accomplishments in improving our balance sheet. In January, we completed a successful and well-subscribed bond offering, which was upsized from $500 million to $850 million. In March, we upsized another deal to $1 billion at 7.75%, due 2022. This issuance was the lowest bond yield issuance we've had since 2007. And we were also active in working with our lenders on the bank front. We amended and extended our senior credit facility to February 2015. And in March, we subsequently paid off the nonextended portion of our bank term loans. As a result of these transactions, our interest rate on our extended $1.8 billion credit facility was lowered in mid-April by 200 basis points to 5%.  As a reminder, our average domestic borrowing cost is approximately 8%. So for every 1% improvement in rate, that equals approximately $125 million in annual interest rate savings. And as we go forward, we believe there'll be additional opportunities to further reduce our borrowing cost and improve our overall free cash flow levels.  At the end of March, we had excess cash of roughly $800 million, which includes our share of the Macau dividend, which we received in the quarter, of $204 million. On a net debt basis, we finished the quarter just below $12 billion in debt, excluding MGM China.  At CityCenter, we were also busy on that front, with Bobby and the team there. But we issued $240 million of first-lien notes, an attractive yield of 5.82%. We also repaid and replaced the remaining $75 million of term loans with a revolving facility, giving CityCenter greater financial flexibility going forward. And at the end of the quarter, that facility was undrawn.  We will continue to look to be opportunistic in terms of extending our debt maturity profile and financing opportunities. And our focus now really shifts to MGM China, where we'll look to put a new financing package in place as we continue to finalize our Cotai development plans.  During the quarter, we spent approximately $114 million, 1-1-4, including about $9 million at MGM China in CapEx. Our MGM Grand room remodel program continues to progress nicely with roughly 2,300 rooms completed, and that project is on budget and on time to be completed by September of this year.  Going forward, to help with your modeling a little bit, we expect our stock compensation expense in the second quarter to be about $9 million or $10 million. Depreciation expense in the second quarter is estimated to be about $230 million to $235 million. Our interest expense in the first quarter, gross, was about $284 million, which included approximately $6 million for MGM China and $23 million in noncash amortization.  We estimate that our gross interest expense for the second quarter will be down, our first quarter numbers about $275 million to $285 million, which includes about $6 million for MGM China, and again, $23 million in amortization costs. We anticipate that our effective tax rate during the second quarter will be approximately 3%.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Bobby to talk about CityCenter
Robert H. Baldwin: Thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. For the first quarter of 2012, CityCenter resort operations generated adjusted property EBITDA, of $32 million, with ARIA reporting adjusted property EBITDA of $19 million. As mentioned, we were severely impacted by a low hold percentage. For the quarter, however, Vdara, Mandarin and Crystals all achieved record-level adjusted property EBITDA.  When comparing year-over-year quarterly results for ARIA, hold affected adjusted property EBITDA by -- affected us by $26 million. As you know, we're in the gaming business and hold percentages can go both ways. This quarter, it went against us. In addition to the hold percentage impact, we also experienced a decline in table games volume and lower hold percentage in slots as well. There was also a property tax credit that benefited us in the quarter in 2011. Despite these factors, we continue to see a strengthening in the fundamentals of our business, as demonstrated by year-over-year growth in slot handle, REVPAR, occupied rooms, food and beverage revenue and retail sales. We continue to be pleased with the manner by which business volumes are increasing at ARIA. March occupancy at ARIA was the highest since the opening, coming in above 92%. Looking out for the next 2 quarters, room bookings are significantly outpacing last year. In fact, we expect occupancy in the second quarter to be the highest ever for ARIA, driven by continued growth in convention business, as our world-class convention space continues to gain traction in the marketplace.  Convention business is also robust for 2013.  It was announced this quarter that Viva ELVIS will be ending its run in August and we will be welcoming a new show, Cirque du Soleil production Zarkana, to ARIA in the fourth quarter of this year. Zarkana is a proven and established show that has been seen by more than 1.2 million guests in New York City, Madrid and Russia. We anticipate that Zarkana will provide a significant increase in show revenues, while also generating incremental traffic throughout the resort, and we're very excited for this new residency here at ARIA.  Construction is also underway on Javier's, a Mexican restaurant that is extremely popular in Southern California. This well-known brand will be located off of the casino floor and will add energy and a unique experience to ARIA when it opens this August.  At Vdara, as mentioned earlier, Vdara reported record adjusted property EBITDA of $5 million, up 69% from last year. Revenue increased 40% year-over-year, due in large part to an increase in occupied rooms. Additionally, we are pleased to have grown the ADR despite a significant increase in room inventory as compared to last year. Vdara continues to succeed in fulfilling a niche in the market as the premier non-gaming, non-smoking boutique hotel.  Crystal's first quarter 2012 adjusted property EBITDA was $7.1 million, up 21 -- pardon me, 27% from 2011. The increase is the result of higher rents, new store openings and expenses stabilizing at lower levels. Three new tenants have opened in 2012 and currently, 86% of Crystals is under lease.  Finally, 2 significant interior modification projects at Crystals were completed in April that promote more direct pedestrian access to ARIA from the Cosmopolitan bridge and the Gucci entrance off Crystals. Both properties appear to be successful -- or both projects appear to be successful at increasing the pedestrian flow through the ARIA casino and resort.  And that concludes my report. I'll turn it over to Grant Bowie. Grant?
Grant R. Bowie: Thanks, Bobby. MGM China continues to perform well. For the first quarter, net revenues were $702 million. This was up 18% year-on-year, while adjusted property EBITDA reached $165 million, and this includes $12 million of branding fees. If we exclude the branding fees, adjusted property EBITDA was $177 million, and this is a 21% increase year-over-year.  Our EBITDA margin before branding fee improved to 24.5% from 24.6% last year, due mainly to higher VIP hold percentage, continued improvement in main floor contribution and the impact of the efficiencies from the implementation of our key performance indicators.  During the first quarter, we were able to drive growth from each of our revenue segments, with our market share remaining consistent at approximately 10%. And this is despite the addition of significant new capacity into the market.  In our VIP business, volume grew by 6% year-on-year. We were able to add one new junket operator during the quarter and this contributed to our volumes, and we also benefited from a VIP hold of 3.2% for the quarter.  On the main floor, table win was up 16% and our slots were up 20% year-on-year. The success of our main floor was the result of our continued effort to better-yield floor. Our slot growth has outperformed the market, and our March slot revenue was an all-time high for us. The slot performance, in particular, was driven by strong customer acceptance and increased use of the slots in our supreme and platinum gaming areas. We continue to seek out growth opportunities by driving improved operating performance; through continued volume and yield improvements; by innovation in our slot product; and programs designed to increase visitation to our property, as well as the expansion of our existing site.  In terms of the volume growth, we are working to improve overall player and visitor numbers, and one tool we use to drive that is to increase and improve our Grand [indiscernible] events. We had great success with our winter skating arena and we've just opened a butterfly exhibit in April, which will be in the Grand [indiscernible] for the next 8 months.  Our expansion project on our level 2 is underway and upon completion, we'll have 40 gaming tables, which are available from our existing table inventory of 427 units. We continue to put a lot of effort into our Cotai project to refine and enhance our design, and we believe the government approval for our loan grant application is imminent. We are well prepared to commence construction as soon as we are given the green light by the government. Our plans call for a truly unique MGM experience, which will have approximately 500 tables, 2,500 slots, 1,600 rooms, and we have a budget of approximately $2.5 billion to be spent over a timeframe of 36 months.  At the end of the first quarter, MGM China had approximate cash of $575 million, debt of $552 million and adjusted leverage ratio of approximately 1 -- or 0.86, to be precise, based on a trailing 12-month EBITDA.  In closing and in response to the often-asked question re: dividends, the board continues to monitor our financial position and will determine the future timing and amounts of -- based on the company's capacity to meet all of its obligation opportunities.  And with that, I'd like to turn back to Jim Murren for his closing remarks.
James Joseph Murren: Thank you, Grant, and thank you for being up late at night. As we reflect on the first quarter, our takeaway is that the fundamentals of the business are getting stronger and the foundation for growth here in Las Vegas is broadening. We know this because we grew even in the face of the aberrations we discussed and we're growing now. That's good news for Las Vegas and good news for MGM. And looking forward, we're confident we can accomplish many milestones in the quarters ahead. We see great opportunities in international gaming, in our U.S. regional expansion, in online gaming and social media to come.  The second quarter has some great events for the city. Floyd Mayweather is fighting this weekend at the MGM. And also next month, Pacquiao is fighting in June with -- against Bradley. And so these are major events, more than we had a year ago, and they drive casino play for the town, and largely for MGM.  Over in Macau, Grant's enjoying Golden Week right now. I have to say it's off to a great start. Our forward-booking pace remains quite strong, as our convention base is solid and the retail segment booking trend's continuing to improve. Again, this supports our thesis of a broadening recovery in Las Vegas. We expect convention mix to increase year-over-year during the second quarter, and most notably, our convention pace is up significantly in 2013 and '14.  Based on our current booking trends, we expect mid-single-digit REVPAR growth in the second quarter and as I said, we have a strong forecast for the year. We're driving future growth initiatives in fields where we believe we can yield high returns on investment. In the hospitality division, we've opened our first hotel in China, MGM Grand Sanya, and we are well positioned in key gateway cities around the world. We expect this hospitality business to grow, bear fruit for all of our shareholders.  I'm very proud of our efforts with M life. We are seeing tangible benefits of capturing increased customer spend at our properties. We think this will continue and expand with the recent addition of our non-gaming amenities to our rewards program. We're very actively now cross-marketing our regional properties to drive market share and increase visits to Las Vegas, and we expect this trend will only improve with the marketing relationship we have created with Ameristar.  New growth markets in gaming will likely emerge, and we have positioned ourselves internationally to effectively compete there. And we're very excited to say that this quarter, along with our partners -- in the second quarter, we're launching a social gaming site which recreates the Las Vegas Strip experience and exclusively features our brands. We believe that this product will be superior to what you currently see in the market and will be a strong customer acquisition and brand extension tool for us.  And of course, we continued to remain aggressively focused on pursuing federal legislation for online poker and we're keenly aware of what's going on, on a state-by-state basis for those opportunities, which we think will likely emerge.  So with that, operator, I'd like to turn it over to you so that we can get to the Q&A section of our call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bill Lerner with Union Gaming.
William J. Lerner - Union Gaming Group, LLC: A question and then a very quick follow-up. You -- Jim or Grant, I guess, you've been more measured over time in your Cotai approval commentary until now -- or until this morning. What makes you say approval's imminent? And then a quick follow-up.
James Joseph Murren: You want me to take that, Grant? And then you can follow up. We believe that the announcement of the land transfer to Wynn was -- is an important step and we believe that we will be following shortly thereafter. We believe our process through this since 2007 has been deliberate, measured and tracking to that type of outcome. And I would say that the opening of capacity in the marketplace, in a very measured approach the government has taken to growth and the very recent announcement with Wynn bodes very well for MGM. But Grant, you want to add to that?
Grant R. Bowie: I think I just want to add that, clearly, the Wynn announcement has now cleared the air. And from our perspective -- and most importantly, we've put a lot of time and effort into the process, both in our dialogue with the government and understanding exactly their position. But most importantly, we're making sure we get the product that we know will add considerably to the diversification of the industry here in Macau.
William J. Lerner - Union Gaming Group, LLC: Okay. And then to follow up quickly, maybe for Dan or even Bill. In Vegas, when looking at all the data points out there, March seems to be an anomaly. Can you talk about why? Obviously, CONEXPO rolled off 100,000-plus delegates, but can you quantify it perhaps? Do April and May look as strong as January and February?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Bill, this is Dan, and maybe I'll ask Corey to jump in as well. But clearly, when you look at that one week year-over-year comparison, it had a dramatic impact on the operating leverage in the business, predominantly, in a lot of ways to our -- what we call our core properties, but our mid-tier and our value-orientated properties, so not just from an ADR standpoint. When there's 100,000-plus higher-spending individuals up and down the Strip, that obviously -- that tide rises all the ships on the Strip from a leverage standpoint. When we look at our January, February, and even 3 out of 4 weeks results in March, they were strong across the board, sans hold for a second in March, which the volumes all bode well. Corey, do you want to quantify?
Corey I. Sanders: Yes, just we did quantify it, Bill, because taking 120,000 attendees out for a week and replacing it with a lot less attendees absolutely had an impact on our business. And when we looked at it, it actually probably had close to a 3% increase in REVPAR for the entire quarter on the company, not just the month. And we would've had a very positive REVPAR growth in March if you just took that week out. From an EBITDA perspective, excluding any gaming win or loss, it probably was about a $15 million to $16 million impact on our bottom line just from that one week.
James Joseph Murren: I was just going to say, Bill, so while REVPAR was up 4%, you're saying that if that was not there, it would've been what?
Corey I. Sanders: It would've been a little over 7%.
James Joseph Murren: Over 7%. Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just to get some clarification. When you talked about -- in an approval in Cotai, is that -- just looking at the Wynn process, in September there was the announcement that they had agreed to terms with the government and then the official gazetting took this additional sort of 6 months or so. So is the part that you think is imminent, is that agreeing to terms? Or has that already happened, but it's not necessarily something that you felt was -- needed to be in an 8-K? Or in other words, I'm just wondering which stage is the imminent one.
James Joseph Murren: You want me to take that, Grant, or do you want to do it?
Grant R. Bowie: Well, my comment is that the imminent announcement that we're waiting for will be the relation of the draft land concession and the processes that we're looking to do is obviously ensure that, that moves as quickly as we possibly can. And much of that has to do with the status of the -- our project in terms of its ability to be executed. So the process, as you understand, is that when you get the draft land concession, that process in terms of agreeing to those terms can actually be very -- quite quickly. And then we want to parallel that with moving forward with getting all the appropriate approvals to commence construction. But they're parallel, but need to be all completed, and then we hope that the land concession gazetting can be handled judiciously.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then just switching over to Las Vegas. And I understand the impact in Q1 and you mentioned that '13 and '14 paces up significantly. It sounded like in your opening comments, you were kind of looking for in-the-year-for-the-year business to pick up, or that you're seeing that pick up. Can you tell us what, for the remaining 3 quarters, group nights on the books versus the prior year, how that's pacing?
James Joseph Murren: Corey's looking for that, Robin. I can tell you where we're seeing it segment-wise, because I was looking at this yesterday. We're seeing good strength in-the-year-for-the-year in the technology companies, health care. Automotive, as well, has been quite strong. And our lead numbers have been up really, and I know we had a great number in December. Do you have any of that, Corey, at your tips?
Corey I. Sanders: I don't.
Unknown Executive: On convention mix, we said that we expect convention mix to be flat to slightly up year-on-year this year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, the rooms are really close, the pacing's pretty close to prior year's pace.
Robert H. Baldwin: And we're up -- at CityCenter, we're up. 250,000 room nights versus 188,000, so it's about 70,000 room nights increase at CityCenter compared to last year.
Corey I. Sanders: We'll get you more, Robin, we just don't have it...
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I was just hoping you guys could provide a little bit more granularity. When we look at the segments in Las Vegas and try and get our hands around all the moving parts -- obviously, hold with an influence, with the convention calendar having an influence as well. But if you would look at kind of your core gaming segments as well as your core room segments, thinking about it from a margin perspective and flow-through to margins, with obviously gaming and other revenue seemingly leading hotel room revenue, I can understand why the margin is depressed. But could you talk a little bit more about maybe some of the limited flow-through that we did see in the quarter?
James Joseph Murren: Yes, I'll turn that over to Corey for that.
Corey I. Sanders: Yes, great. We've been watching this also. In the first 2 months of the year, when we had the right mix in there and the mix was supported by the convention base, our flow-through was in excess of 50%. The March impact was mainly the shift in CONEXPO leaving, and you have a lot more occupied core rooms at a lower rate. So we have -- we were actually up 60,000 rooms. We had 77,000 rooms out at MGM and we replaced those with the core rooms. So you're seeing an impact on your room rate because of that core shifting to the core for the rooms and we think that's an anomaly that happened just in that one event.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Cameron McKnight with Wells Fargo.
Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Question for -- a question for Jim or perhaps Grant, how are you thinking about financing on Cotai?
James Joseph Murren: Well, let's turn it over to Dan.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I'll jump in real quick. I think when you look at it, obviously, the facility we did a couple of years ago was state-of-the-art at the time and is now probably -- we're probably paying too much and it's way underutilized. We'll look to probably do a $2 billion to $2.5 billion financing package at the MGM China level, and that free cash flow will be more than sufficient to do everything we want to do at MGM China from a development standpoint, as well as continue to look at future dividend opportunities.
James Joseph Murren: And I think we would add that we're at a position now in terms of our design development, we've chosen all of our architects. We have board approval at MGM China in terms of the programming and design of what we're doing. We've been costing this building out more precisely. That, combined with our favorable outlook from a land perspective, means that we are gearing up that financing process right now and look to do that certainly by the end of the year. Right, Dan?
Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And Jim or Corey, how was the -- how's the convention and event calendar looking for the balance of the year on a year-over-year basis?
James Joseph Murren: Well, we have no more aberrations. We have no more of these things we have to talk about. And their calendar looks solid.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Convention calendar looks solid. And we've -- as Jim mentioned, we obviously have a good fight calendar this quarter. And the back half for the concert calendar and events calendar is picking up nicely in 2012 versus last year.
James Joseph Murren: Yes, and the convention mix is going to be up in this quarter. It will be up about 1 -- at least 1%.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And I think the event calendar is really back-loaded, and especially at the Grand with some great events. Madonna's in October. When you look at our first quarter numbers, the fact that the garden was not as busy as it was the year before and we have those increases in gaming numbers, I think that -- it shows the market is recovering even on the casino side here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Jim, on your commentary about mid-single-digit REVPAR growth in Las Vegas in the second quarter and the back part of the year, how much of that is driven by price? How much of that is driven by your anticipated occupancy increase, because I'm presuming it's a mixture of both. And so if it is driven by some occupancies, are you -- and given the volume increases on the tables and slot handle, are you having to add much to FTEs in Las Vegas?
James Joseph Murren: So it's a combination of both, Joe, and we think that those trends are going to be growing in the year, but it's a combination of both, slightly more occupancy. You could see we're already at fairly higher occupancies, but improved mix and pricing at the different price points. And we are not anticipating adding any FTEs, to any material nature at all, for the entire year.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, for having 66,000 more occupied rooms, we were actually up 0.4% FTE. So it's -- for the most part, it's flat.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got you. And then looking back at the quarter and the adverse hold, was that primarily at the Grand and MIRAGE, just eyeballing the year-over-year EBITDA results?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: That was predominantly, Joe, at Bellagio, Mirage and Mandalay. The Grand held, I'd say, within a normal range, but it's predominately at those 3 out of 4 properties, excluding ARIA, of course, if you have those numbers [ph] .
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So then looking at the wholly owned Las Vegas EBITDA result adjusting for hold, what has been the EBITDA margin on an adjusted basis?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I've got to take a look at that. I think it would've been up about 40 or 50 basis points, I think, on a comparable basis.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to ask about CityCenter. Bobby, I think in your comments, you had given a little bit of indication, something about a property tax benefit in the first quarter last year. But I was just trying to understand, because even when we hold-adjust the numbers, I felt like the margins were a little bit lower than what we were expecting. So I kind of wanted to get your sense for how we should -- kind of what do you think is the right stabilized margin there, kind of with normal hold, because I think in the second quarter, you have a tough hold comp, too.
Robert H. Baldwin: Well, the property tax benefit was about $4 million. That's the first part of it, and the remaining question had to do with the margin going forward?
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just kind of -- like, I mean, now that you've been -- the property's been up and running for a while, just kind of what are you thinking about the kind of the run rate margins there? I mean, directionally, should this be in-line with kind of what you've been able to do at Bellagio? Or is that too high? Or kind of with the mix of high-end, how should we think about normalized margins there?
Robert H. Baldwin: Well, it should be, going forward, 25 -- around the 25 percentile. And of course, I think you can expect the margin to be about 25%. Of course, we want to grow the volumes.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then the last thing was -- I think you mentioned that you did have a lower table volume in the quarter, too. Did I catch that right?
Robert H. Baldwin: Yes, it was about 7.5%.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. But was that primarily on the, like just on the high-end side? Or was there something else going on, on the mass?
Robert H. Baldwin: 80% of that was Baccarat, so some of it was timing.
James Joseph Murren: Yes, and also, this year, we had the big Chinese New Year's party at Bellagio. Last year, we had it at ARIA. So it's a -- just a shift year-over-year of where we hosted our major event. It had a lot to do with it.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mark Strawn with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: One quick question on just the REVPAR trajectory as you go from 1Q to 2Q. If we're looking at kind of a plus 7% adjusted number for the first quarter, adjusted for that big show rotating out, I think you said at least mid-single digits. Does that mean you're confident that you could come in ahead of that if -- in quarter bookings, or stronger than expected, given that there don't seem to be any major calendar anomalies going forward?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I think, Mark, that's the intent. Obviously, a lot is reliant on the in-the-year-for-the-year on the convention going forward, as well as continuing to gain traction on our retail pricing. And that is our goal, obviously, to continue to maximize that composition.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And are you seeing any -- at maybe some of your higher-end properties, seeing any pushback on rate as you try to push rate there, maybe like we saw in some of the other releases so far this quarter?
James Joseph Murren: We have not really.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Dan, just to go back to something in your prepared remarks and also in the press release, where you talked about table volumes being up. I was just wondering if you could parse out for us how the mass did versus how Baccarat did.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, roughly -- how that works out, roughly about -- here on the Strip, about 7% increase in table game drop and about a 3% increase in Baccarat [ph] for our wholly owned Strip properties.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes. And then, Grant, can you help adjust your results for the hold for us? And also, there's been a lot of debate lately about what theoretical hold should be in Macau, and definitely, I don't want to have that conversation now. But when you do that adjustment, are you using the 3% or the 2.85%?
Grant R. Bowie: I think what we're seeing, that the market is starting to stabilize closer towards that 3%. And I think it has to do now that the volumes have grown to a sort of a fairly strong mass, and recognizing that most of the operational commission programs are now on revenue share. Then I think that what we're now seeing that, that normalized percentage is probably slightly drifting up, but I'm not going to be unequivocal because I'll make -- I'll repeat the comment that Bobby made, that we're in the gaming business and the hold percentages do move around. But that's what we're starting to see as an emerging pattern for us, anyway.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So -- I mean, would you prefer when we adjust it to use -- for us to use the 3%?
Grant R. Bowie: Until we have a really bad month, then I'll come back and I'll tell you another one. But we're fairly conservative and we're cautious, and we have tended to err to the lower side of that -- to the ranges. But we're now starting to see a pattern where it's certainly stabilizing closer to that 3%, but I don't want to make that [indiscernible]absolute, but that's where we're seeing our trend.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. As always, I appreciate the intellectual honesty. And then you added a junket, a new junket. Do you have any plans to add further junkets?
Grant R. Bowie: Yes, we've actually -- we'd like to keep a continual pipeline of opportunities, and that's where that's happening. And some of the work that we're doing around the property is reconfiguring existing spaces, repositioning tables to get them into better configurations. And we'd like to think that we might be able to accommodate one or maybe 2 going forward -- additional, going forward in the next 2 quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just a quick question related to Vegas. If you go back to 2006, 2007 and the volume or number of your room nights, how close are you now to that peak? And where I'm going with this question is, I'm wanting to get a sense of at what level you feel more confident in lifting your ADR as you get closer to that volume of room nights.
James Joseph Murren: Yes, we're looking at this right now, Harry. You want to look at -- we have all the convention room nights that far back. Are you talking about total room nights or just convention room nights?
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: The convention room nights, because that's what seems to be what's driving the train here.
James Joseph Murren: So just to give you a basis, for 2007, we're about 1.8 million convention room nights at our company. And in 2011, we went to 1.6 million.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So would that imply that you really are that close to the line in the sand where you can get more aggressive? Or is there something else going on that keeps you a little bit more cautious about driving rate higher?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Obviously, Harry, there's a lot more room inventory on the Strip in comparing those periods. The other part of it is the citywide phenomenon. I mean, we've done a good job of driving market share increases and driving our convention mix back up. But as you saw in March, we've got to get that lift in the citywides again that we once had back then, in order to continue to drive the pace of the room side. So that's going to be -- and when you look at the improvements there, we're doing a good job on the citywides, but it troughed at about 4.3 million convention attendees. Last year, it was at 4.8 million. It peaked at 6.3 million attendees in the convention side on citywide. So we've got more work to do in terms of citywide, and that's going to help us to continue to drive rate going forward.
James Joseph Murren: Harry, do you want the 2012 estimate, since we have it?
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Sure, and through '16 would be wonderful.
James Joseph Murren: The 2012 forecast for the entire company, including ARIA, we expect to exceed 2007 convention room nights.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was just a little confused. In the beginning of your commentary, you talked about that maybe some of your luxury hotels were doing a little bit weaker than some of the -- or a little bit stronger. I frankly forgot which way they were going, but you made a distinction between sort of luxury and the rest of the market. And then there's obviously been an issue with conference convention. Maybe I've missed something, but aren't those linked? Don't a lot of convention-goers stay at MGM, Mandalay Bay and Bellagio? And aren't those sort of the luxury or -- maybe I missed -- heard it wrong.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, I think you're flipped a little there. When you look at the first quarter and the impact that we saw, obviously, the Bellagios, MGMs, Mandalays and Mirage can backfill a large citywide event, and they did that in the first quarter. They were actually up much stronger in terms of REVPAR, about 7%, versus the mid-tier and value properties who were at about a 3% increase. So that was the distinction we made in looking at that -- those 2 parts of the market.
James Joseph Murren: And the luxury-convention mix for the first quarter was almost 29%, which is almost at peak levels.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then just on this hold issue. Obviously, a bunch of people are asking it. Was there any change in the way the customers were playing? Were they moving around more frequently? Were they moving to competitive properties? Is that one of the reasons why the hold didn't normalize?
Robert H. Baldwin: No, at ARIA, we have the same length of play that we would expect normally and that we enjoyed last year. So it's mostly the swing of Lady Luck.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And it was across a few different table game types. So it's not like it was all Baccarat. I think during the quarter, we even -- perhaps in 21 nipped us as well. So...
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dennis Forst with KeyBanc.
Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I wanted to get a clarification on the convention room night projections, but then I had a question for Grant, if that's okay. The convention room nights in '07, I think Corey said $1.8 million. Was that for all properties? Did that include Treasure Island back then?
James Joseph Murren: Treasure Island. That -- was Treasure Island in '07? It would've been de minimis.
Corey I. Sanders: It would've been de minimis.
Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the 2011 1.6 million room nights, did that include ARIA? Did that include all your owned and joint venture properties?
James Joseph Murren: The 2011 number? That did not include ARIA.
Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: It did not. So the one -- the record level in 2012 is not apples-to-apples with the 1.6 million in 2011, correct?
James Joseph Murren: Yes, that's correct.
Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: But if you included ARIA, what would that number have been?
James Joseph Murren: It would've been close to 12.
Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. So between '11 and '12, it looks like it's going to be a similar number of convention room nights for the whole company?
James Joseph Murren: Correct.
Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then for Grant, if you're still awake, I wanted to ask about traffic at your property, maybe the Peninsula area in general, since the opening of Sands Cotai Central. Have you noticed any change in the amount of both major players, room guests and just walk-in traffic?
Grant R. Bowie: Not really. And this is now, what, our third opening? Third property opening in Cotai since we've been on. And really, the impact seems to be getting smaller each time. If there's any impact within the short run that we've looked at, it's around the 3% to 5% in traffic, but it's not necessarily showing up in play. But that's also being affected by the fact that the -- that we've just come out of that pre-Golden Week cycle. That's a little bit difficult to really put a handle on it. We have obviously studied the traffic and the spend, and I think we just need a little more time. I think we need sort of that 30 to 45 days is what we're now starting to see as the indicators. But by and large, things for us are very stable. And I think it's worthy of pointing out that for the quarter, the Peninsula is still generating 60% of all of the revenues in the city. And so the Peninsula is still really strong, and most importantly, it yields strong as well, and that's probably one of the key points.
Corey I. Sanders: 2007 does not include Treasure Island.
James Joseph Murren: And I think, apples-to-apples to get to that point, Dennis, is that yes, it'd be flattish, but our convention mix will be up this year versus last because we have fewer rooms in service because of the room remodel at the Grand.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue at this time.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining. We're around for any follow-up questions throughout the course of the day.
James Joseph Murren: Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan D’Arrigo – EVP and CFO Jim Murren – Chairman and CEO Bobby Baldwin – Chief Design and Construction Officer Grant Bowie – CEO and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited Corey Sanders – COO
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix Harry Curtis Steven Kent Mark Strawn – Morgan Stanley Shaun Kelley – Bank of America Joe Greff – JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bobby Baldwin, Chief Design and Construction Officer of MGM Resorts International and President and CEO of CityCenter; Dan D’Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Grant Bowie, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of MGM China Holdings Limited. Participants are in a listen-only mode. After the company’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D’Arrigo. You may begin your conference.
Dan D’Arrigo:  Thank you, Rasiya (ph), and good morning, and welcome to MGM Resorts International fourth quarter and full year earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and a replay of the call will be made available on the company’s website. This morning, we furnished our press release on Form 8-K to the SEC. And before we get started, I’d like to read our quick Safe Harbor disclosures. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Federal Securities Law, actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today’s press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Form 10-Q filings. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company’s performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Murren: Well. Thank you, Dan, and good morning to everyone. 2011 was a rewarding year for MGM. Our net revenues and EBITDA were both up double digits and our margins were up over 100 basis points. MGM China and CityCenter had breakout years, both had significant growth and EBITDA year-over-year and we ended the year on a high note with fourth quarter RevPAR up 13% year-over-year. As a matter of fact, we beat our RevPAR guidance every quarter last year and that was driven by better than expected FIT and leisure bookings. EBITDA for the wholly owned MGM China and CityCenter enterprises were all up double digits in the fourth quarter. Looking back on the year, I’d like to take a moment to highlight a few of the major accomplishments before we move forward. Over at CityCenter, we refinanced $2 billion of debt and we’ve already been in the market again this year partially refinancing it yet again at better rates. Of course at MGM China, we listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at the same time MGM Resorts acquired 1% of the stock and consolidated therefore MGM China on to its balance sheet and financial statements that of course significantly improves our financial standing. At the same time, we sold $300 million of convertible note to our partner Pansy Ho. Over on the online side, we partnered with Bwin.Party in what we believe to be a very important strategic franchise and this will jointly offer online poker in U.S. if it’s legalized and at M Life, we launched the addition of all of our non-gaming capabilities, both starting last year and with great progress here in 2012. And speaking of 2012, we’re off to a very, very solid start. I’m happy to say that we’re executing on many of the goals that we’ve set out to accomplish. We’ve been very busy even in the beginning of this year and improving our balance sheet and I know Dan is going to go into further detail on some of those steps in a moment. We have made that a priority, I’ve mentioned this before, but it’s my belief that as we improve the balance sheet of this company, and it’s a promise I made to the Board, we will be accruing great value to the owners of the company, the shareholders and that has been our goal and we’ve made much progress there. Just last week, we officially launched M Life’s non-gaming program. We’re excited about this given the nature of our resorts because this will allow our customers to be rewarded for everything that they do with us, every dollar virtually they spend in our resorts, hotel, restaurants, entertainment attractions, spas, you name it. And in conjunction with that, we launched our new website mlife.com, which is working out extraordinarily well and makes the booking experience for our resorts, not only more fun, but certainly more productive for us as people can literally crap their own vocations, bundling all their opportunities into one trip. It’s a big step in driving casino play, in casino mix into particularly our Las Vegas properties, we know how valuable this can be to cash flows and to flow through and we think we’ll be able to report on a quarterly basis great strides in that area. On the operations side, we announced only a week or two ago a strategic relationship with Meristar. We’re excited about this, I know they’re as well because it will not only create an opportunity to extend our reach into the regional markets, but will significantly expand we believe the benefits of their assets we have here in Las Vegas, increasing again casino mix, which we believe will lead to a greater profitability. We have a variety of these type of relationships underway probably more to report in the coming quarters and we believe that that’s a great way to leverage our assets, improve our cash flows in a very capital light fashion. We’re making a name for ourselves in Massachusetts. We think that’s a great potential market for us. We certainly are trying to stake our position there, and we’re looking at variety of other regional markets, where we can invest small sums or partner with others to again increase the network that MGM Resorts can accomplish in across marketing basis to Las Vegas. Part of that goal is on our Hospitality division run by Gamal Aziz, that’s a big part of how we believe we can leverage our brands around the world, Just yesterday we made an announcement that MGM Hospitality with our partner Diaoyutai will develop and manage a hotel right on the Bund in Shanghai. It’s a tremendous location. It’ll be called Bellagio and imagine to having a Bellagio on the Bund in Shanghai, that will join the MGM Grand that just opened in Hainan Island in the town of Sanya, and those two properties will be joined by two others that opened just this year, we have opening in Beijing and another in the large city of Chengdu and these are about four of about a dozen or so projects we have underway in China. This online poker initiative is important Bwin.Party is expert in this space. The relationship we formed means that MGM will own 25% of this joint venture that will hold rights, exclusive rights to Bwin.Party’s existing brands for online wagering here in the United States. In addition and at the same time, we entered into an agreement with Bwin.Party to use their software and technical expertise to deliver any of our brands, the MGM brands to the public under which we would pay them a fee. We therefore believe we are as well positioned as any should the U.S. market come online on a legalized fashion for poker, which we expect it will, we’ll be out of the gate as soon as anybody. And so with that, I’ll turn it over to Dan to get into our operating results.
Dan D’Arrigo: Thank you, Jim. First, I’d like to give few highlights from the quarter, help you with some guidance on some items for your models and then provide you an update on our balance sheet. As far as the quarter on the EBITDA margin side, we’ve increased our wholly-owned domestic property EBITDA margins every quarter this year and in fact the fourth quarter that represented the largest year-over-year improvement in the year of some 200 basis points. We continue to remain focused on managing our expenses while maximizing revenue allowing us to achieve approximately 48% flow through to the EBITDA and profitability line in the quarter. Our convention trends remained strong during the fourth quarter; in fact Mandalay Bay increased its EBITDA by 40% year-over-year and primarily to better convention mix in the quarter. We finished 2011 with our wholly-owned strip convention mix at about 14.7% which was higher than our expectations coming into the year driven by significant amount of the in the year, for the year bookings. On the room trend side the operating teams continue to do a tremendous job here, our leisure and FIT rates have been the biggest driver of the upside to our RevPAR gains in the year, these segments in terms of our overall retail segments here are up 9% in the fourth quarter. Our casino trends continue to improve; our international volumes continue to be strong. Over the last couple of quarters we’ve seen a pickup in our domestic play. Fourth quarter domestic rated table games play increased again year-over-year and during the fourth quarter our wholly-owned property has experienced increases in both volume and win in both table games and slots something we haven’t seen since the fourth quarter of 2011. Our regional resorts continue to do well. Our regional property showed continued strength with combined EBITDA up 12% year-over-year and we’re proud to report that MGM Detroit had its best fourth quarter ever and in fact that put an exclamation point on its best year ever in 2011 and a great job by George Corchis and Steve Zanella in that marketplace. Our CapEx in the fourth quarter was $113 million excluding $12 million in MGM China and our full year 2011 was approximately $274 million excluding about $27 million at MGM China, since we began consolidating them. In 2012, we expect to spend approximately $350 million in capital excluding MGM China and Grant will touch on his expectations there for 2012 and included in those capital plans for this year is the continuation of the room remodel project in MGM Grand. The room remodel at the Spa Tower; later on this year here at Bellagio. The conversion and investment in the Michael Jackson show with Cirque du Soleil at Mandalay coming online late 2012, early 2013 and the Blue Man Group show at Monte Carlo coming on this year. In Q4 you all have noticed that our corporate expense is higher than usual in the quarter, we had some one-time items in the fourth quarter of 2011 related to some transition costs and outsourcing some of our IT functions, some marketing development expenses and we had some credits in the prior year 2010 quarter related to property taxes, so it made for an unfavorable comparison. Going forward though we expect our corporate expense to moderate and be in the mid-30-ish million area in the first quarter before stock compensation expense. Our stock compensation expense in the first quarter is estimated to be approximately $10 million. Our depreciation expense in the quarter, we estimate to be approximately $235 million to $240 million and our interest expense in the fourth quarter was $274 million, including approximately $6 million from MGM China and about $24 million in amortization expense. We estimate that our interest expense in the first quarter would be approximately $285 million, including at roughly about the same amount of $6 million from MGM China and about the same amount of $24 million in amortization expense. As Jim mentioned earlier, we’ve had a busy start to the year and have already achieved some major accomplishments in improving our balance sheet. I’ll start first over at CityCenter, where we added on to our first lien notes by some $240 million a few weeks back. This lowered our interest rate and extended our maturities by a year at CityCenter. There remains about $75 million outstanding under the current first lien term loan and we’ve received commitment to replace that term loan with a revolver for the same amount and we expect that to be finalized in the upcoming weeks. On the MGM Resorts side, we completed a successful and very well subscribed bond offering, which is upsized from $500 million to $850 million that was something three times oversubscribed and we achieved a rate of the 8 and 5.8s which is the lowest unsecured rate we’ve achieved since before the economic downturn. And as we pointed out in the release, we’ve received preliminary approval from roughly 62% of the lenders on our Amendment and Extension transaction of our credit facility. We expect the closing of that to be later this week, early next. And we expect to initially achieve roughly about 150 basis points in rate improvement on the extending portion of that facility. As a remainder, our average barrowing cost is on an outstanding debt is approximately 8%, so for every 1% improvement in rate that we can achieve, that’s an incremental $125 million in interest rate and incremental free cash flow to our company. So, as we go forward we believe there will be more opportunities to further reduce these borrowing costs and improve our overall free cash flow. And with that I’d turn it over to Bobby Baldwin to talk about CityCenter.
Bobby Baldwin: Thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. We had a great year at CityCenter with EBITDA from operations up to $236 million and we ended year on a strong note with EBITDA in the fourth quarter up 62%. Aria’s 2011, EBITDA improvement is attributable to significant growth in volume and revenue across all key operating divisions. Casino revenues increased 27% year-over-year and hotel revenues increased 24%. Aria ended the year strong with fourth quarter EBITDA of $47 million. Our slot revenue for the quarter was the highest since opening that property, a 21% increase from last year and we continue to be one of the market leaders in table games as well. Aria benefited by approximately 6 million due to slightly higher table games full whole percentage in the fourth quarter compared to previous year. Aria’s fourth quarter hotel revenue improvements were driven by a 10% growth in RevPAR, it is significant to know that this growth was achieved by improving our convention segment with a 20% growth in occupied convention room nights and a 9% higher ADR versus last year. Aria continued to develop as one of the top convention destinations in the country. For 2012, we have over 100% of our planned convention room nights already booked. Aria’s leisure segment business is also improving; our production numbers in domestic leisure are on par with Bellagio’s as awareness in United States continues to build. We are making progress in the international leisure market as well and see an opportunity for further improvements in that market. We are currently in negotiation with Cirque du Soleil to have the Albert show replaced at the end of this year. We’re very excited about offering a new show to our guests and I expect the unveiling to be a significant boost to business volumes throughout the entire resort. We’re in the process of updating some of our dining options. The restaurant union has been closed and will be replaced with a high energy fun, casual Mexican restaurant Javier’s, which is extremely popular in the Southern California market. We’re also evaluating our other dining options for opportunities to include additional recognizable brands to Aria. We look forward to hosting the annual Michael Jordan Celebrity Golf Invitational again this year at Aria in Shadow Creek and it’s in the last weekend of March. Vdara was able to grow both rate and occupancy in 2011, while also adding additional 131,000 available room nights to its inventory. Vdara had its best quarter yet, in the fourth quarter and continues to gain momentum as the best non-gaming, non-smoking resort in Las Vegas. Crystal same store sales were up 24% year-over-year during the fourth quarter and we now are approximately 86% leased. Both Dolce & Gabbana’s women’s and men’s stores have opened this year and these are our two flagship locations for Dolce & Gabbana. Eres a store featuring Chanel’s swimwear and lingerie is scheduled to open during the second quarter of this year. Finally our residential strategy of leasing unsold units continues to be successful. To-date, we’ve leased 405 units of CityCenter with totally monthly lease revenues of $751,000. Well, that concludes my report and I’ll turn it over to Grant Bowie. Grant?
Grant Bowie: Thank you, Baldwin and good morning and with guys there in Asia a very early morning. We’re very happy here at MGM China, to be with you today and we’re very pleased also with the progress we’re making and developing our business. For the fourth quarter net revenues for MGM China were $719 million, that’s up 26% year-on-year. EBITDA reached to new record of $174 million, an increase of 23% year-on-year. During the fourth quarter we are able to drive significant growth from each of our revenue segments. In our VIP business, rolling chip volume grew by 29% with growth coming from increased volumes from our existing operators as well as being able to add two additional and new operators. We’ve also had benefited from VIP hold at 3.2% during the quarter. On the main floor table drop was up 13% and slot handle up 35%. The success on the main floor was a result of the launch of our Supreme Lounge in light December 2010 and the subsequent opening of our new Platinum Lounge at the end of the third quarter, 2011 both of which have catered into our premium main floor customers. The environment and enhanced services have being well received by the customers and had the effect of increasing both win per unit and overall platter traffic. Continued development of our targeted customer communications and entertainment also resulted in our record daily visit account in December and allowed us to set a new record for our slot revenue in December. Our focus on our customer relationship building across all segments continues to improve revenues and it’s the core strategy to drive our future revenue growth. We also have continued to make operational improvements and I’m confident that we’re still able to drive additional earnings growth from that business. We opened our new MGM VIP in-house area in mid-December and while it’s still very early we have seen initially strong increases in volume. We continued to reinvest in Macau and at MGM Macau CapEx was $45 million in 2011 and will be approximately $80 million in 2012. Of this $45 million is allocated to build out the undeveloped space on our second floor with the balance being applied to rejuvenating capital works. In Cotai, we’re well positioned and had plans for a truly unique MGM experience. Our plan is to have approximately 500 tables, two and a half thousand slots, 1,600 rooms and at the moment is budgeted to be approximately $2 billion to $2.5 billion to be spend over a timeframe of approximately 36 months. At the end of the fourth quarter MGM China had approximately $720 million in cash, debt of $552 million and an adjusted leverage ratio of less than one time based on the trailing 12 months EBITDA. Earlier today the MGM China Board approved a special dividend in the amount of approximately $400 million to shareholders on record on March the 9th. We’re pleased that our improving cash flows has afforded us the ability to return cash to the shareholders. Our Board will continually review opportunities for the use of cash and going forward we will manage our growth and expansion prospects with our desire to return cash to our shareholders. With that I’d like to turn it back to Jim for his closing remarks.
Jim Murren: Well, thank you, Grant and thanks for being up so late or early depending on your perspective. We feel extraordinarily proud of last year’s results, but I guess the real motion is how optimistic we are about the future and I think we have some reason to be. We’re off to a very good start here in 2012, both in Las Vegas and in Macau. The tone of the business here this year is quite positive. Grant has done a tremendous job in Macau in general and specifically to expand our resort there, the MGM. And we are very excited about Cotai. We’re excited we have a company that has the ability to generate significant cash there to reinvest into Macau and at the same time return a great value to the shareholders. Both markets are growing, certainly Macau is, but now so is Las Vegas and I’m pleased to say that MGM is building its market share in those markets. Grant mentioned what we’re doing in Macau and here in Las Vegas in addition to what we did last year. We’ll keep this momentum going. Just over the New Year’s eve weekend, we opened up two major night clubs, One Oak over at Mirage and Hide here at Bellagio and they’re doing tremendously well from the P&L perspective and adding a lot of energy, driving a lot revenue to the properties. And early this month, we opened up Lilly, another lounge here at Bellagio and we have plans to open a Hakkasan, Hakkasan is going to spend a tremendous amount of money at the MGM to replace Studio 54 that’s been there for over 10 years. These major upgrades to the physical facilities have been matched by major upgrades to our rooms, so the room remodel program here has added tremendously to the ADR at Bellagio and we’re seeing great early returns on much higher ADR to MGM as we renovate those rooms as well. And we’re driving people here to Las Vegas by being very strategic and aggressive on our event calendar. We mentioned last year how strong the event calendar looked the MGM Grand Garden Arena and the Mandalay Event Center and I’m happy to say it’s even better this year. Just to mention a few coming up we have Floyd Mayweather fighting in May at the MGM and then Manny Pacquiao the next month in June. Madonna is coming back, she’s going to be here in October and we have several of these type of events throughout the year, which we know has a material impact on ADR and casino revenue. On the ADR side we mentioned this a few times last year, we said the first quarter would be the toughest comp because there was a big, big convention here last year and we have to overcome that but even still because of recent bookings we believe our RevPAR will be up in the first quarter, up a couple of percent to 3% but growing, in fact the second quarter looks particularly strong. We think our RevPAR is going to grow nicely throughout the year, even on top of the good growth that we had in 2011. This is based on the booking trends that we see. We’re seeing very strong pace throughout the year and our convention base is extremely solid and when you combine that to the growing FIT and leisure bookings, we’re seeing a broad based retail improvement in rooms revenue. Las Vegas has clearly regained its position as the place to be and looking at this year just alone, to give a sense of it, we had records or near records in almost every event that we’ve had already this year. The Super Bowl was tremendously effective for the town and for us or half the town in terms of revenue in the Super Bowl. Chinese New Year’s was outstanding. We just finished up President’s Weekend. It was up nicely versus last year and of course the March Madness coming in next month. So the combination of an improving market here in Las Vegas and certainly in Macau, strategic investments into our properties to make our properties ever more exciting, the addition of M Life which is driving casino play and overall spend to our properties and a very robust event calendar bodes very, very well for Las Vegas and more particularly MGM, bodes well for Macau and particularly MGM China. And with that I think I’ll turn it over to the operator and we can get to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix.
Felicia Hendrix: Jim, just to pack on to your final commentary on RevPAR, thank you for some of the quarterly color. Just wondering when you think about the RevPAR for full the year of 2012, do you think that you can achieve mid to high single digit growth there?
Jim Murren: I think that’s very reasonable.
Felicia Hendrix: And then just a little bit of housekeeping on Rev. Can you just give us what the change in cash ADR was in the quarter and then also your RevPAR increase. It's still kind of like the last quarter, it’s comping against not apples to apples with the Resorts fees. Do you know what your RevPAR increase would have been if you adjusted for the resort fee?
Jim Murren: Well, we’ll look at the cash number in a second. The Resorts fee helped us in the fourth quarter by couple of percent but we’ve largely anniversaried all of that. So, RevPAR guidance going forward will not have any or very little impact on Resort fee.
Corey Sanders:  Felicia, it still would have been up little over 10% excluding resort fee.
Jim Murren: In the fourth quarter, right.
Corey Sanders:  In the fourth quarter.
Jim Murren: Yes, it’s 8.6% in the fourth quarter, 11% for the year.
Felicia Hendrix: What was that?
Jim Murren: Go ahead, Corey.
Corey Sanders:  8.6% for the fourth quarter, 11% for the year.
Felicia Hendrix: And then, you guys certainly had good results. Just a few properties I was wondering if I could get some clarification on. MGM Grand margins were flat year-over-year. Wondering if that had to do with some construction disruption yet the hotel statistics were a lot stronger. So I'm assuming that that’s just because you had rooms out of service. Mirage was lower year-over-year. Also anything specific going on there? And then Bellagio, did you guys just have a great quarter, Bellagio, was there some hold there?
Jim Murren: The Mirage hold was down year-over-year. We did have disruption at the MGM.
Bobby Baldwin: And Bellagio was up (inaudible) whole percentage, but really Bellagio across all its rooms, food, beverage, entertainment segments, it’s really been improving all year along but their hold was up year-over-year as well.
Jim Murren: Their hold was up, but their non-gaming revenues and profits were up significantly.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you. And then on just moving to Grant, obviously you’ve continued to improve the properties. It certainly shows in your numbers. I’m just wondering if you could walk us through what your expectations for the property are when Sands Cotai Central opens and then also what do you expect to happen to the promotional environment in Macau when Sands Cotai opens. Thanks.
Jim Murren: So Grant, we’ll turn now it over to you.
Grant Bowie:  I think the (inaudible) Sands Cotai Central is predictable. And I think that as we’ve seen before, we will be able to sustain and maintain our position and will continue to do it as we keep on executing on our strategies. I think the interesting observation is going to be, how the other Cotai properties handle that expansion. So I think for us on the peninsula, we’re now used to Cotai properties opening. I think we all know what we have to do and I just reiterate the point that we’ve always stayed close to our customers. We want to build a strong relationship and that tends to allow us to hold. Clearly, we would expect that they’ll go and try the new place but as we’ve seen with COD, Galaxy, they’ve come back to us and that’s always what we want to focus on. And what was your second?
Felicia Hendrix: You answered both parts. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis.
Harry Curtis: A quick question on your flow through. So it was a little bit softer in the fourth quarter than it had been in the second and third quarter. And if you could explain what segments really held it back, were there any onetime items that could explain that and as the year goes on, do you expect the flow through to improve?
Jim Murren: Yes, Harry, as it relates to the flow through, I think if you look the seasonality in the business, the fourth quarter flow through is never and never has been this great in the first quarter when you’re looking at the sequential improvement from that standpoint. 48% flow through in the quarter is one of the highest levels in any of our fourth quarters and even in fact higher than '06 levels. So when you look at the factors that go into that, one of the big key factors is our occupied room nights which are always lower in the fourth quarter than say the third quarter. And as you know that’s a big driver of some of the incidental or other revenues, food, beverage, entertainment, some of the high profit margin areas as well. So I think the fourth quarter is a great flow through in terms of comparison. I think the sequential piece is a little bit of an apple to an orange comparison, but the overall fourth quarter was pretty strong in terms of flow through, when you look at the seasonality aspects.
Harry Curtis: So you would expect it to be higher for the year.
Bobby Baldwin: For the year. Yes, I think for the year we have been higher. We’re up over a 50% for the overall year in 2011 and I think it’s a good way to kind of model the incremental flow through going forward.
Harry Curtis: That’s great. And then, Jim, a quick question on Internet poker. Nothing was attached to the tax bill. Can you give us your sense of where it goes at the federal level from here?
Jim Murren: Sure. I think that there are several options in front of Congress in terms of getting Internet poker passed at the federal level this year. Several pieces of legislation need to be passed and it could be associated with anyone of those on. It’s hard to say exactly when or if. I do believe it will be passed at the federal level, and I do believe it will be passed this year, but that’s my opinion and one that’s shared by a lot of people that are close to this. At a parallel though, as you know, states are fervently working on their own legislation and can do so and will do so if the federal government does not act. States can compact with one another, forming a intra-state network of internet poker and we would certainly be involved in that. We’re prepared. In fact our arrangement with Bwin.Party is designed to capitalize on Internet poker legalized in U.S. in either fashion, either statewide or federally. We actually prefer the federal option for any number of reasons, uniformity of regulation, taxation, strengthening of client prevention, but we can't speak for the federal government. It seems sometimes they can’t speak for themselves. So I think that it will happen at the federal level. It’s not easy, not because Internet poker is becoming a complicated issue. It’s becoming a more clear issue today. It’s because Washington has become more complicated. If it doesn’t happen at federal level, it will happen at the state level and either way it I think it happens this year in 2012 and I would have to say that we’ll be literally one of the first towards this out of the gate when it is approved.
Harry Curtis: Just a quick follow-up. Does Senator Kyl's influence in your view extend into the House or maybe a different question; do you have any champions for federal approval in the House?
Jim Murren: Well, the CEO doesn’t opine on politics like others. So I feel like I'm going to stick to the gaming industry that I am involved in but I do believe that there is broad based support in the Republican and Democratic side, in now both the Senate and in the House. I think that the House, from what I’ve been let to believe, really views this as a very critical law enforcement issue, very critical. They recognize that the DOJ’s interpretation of the Wire Act leaves open the opportunity for state-by-state gaming where they will not have an influence on the regulatory compliance. That deeply concerns many people in the House and I think that is the big change between 2012 and 2011 and I think that’s the change that gets it over the finish line.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent.
Steven Kent: Just a couple of questions. First Dan, could you just talk about broadly ways or additional levers you have to reduce leverage in '12 and into 2013. I realize that you guys have done an incredible job over the past couple of years but are there significant opportunities over the next two years that we should be looking for that might just actually get that leverage down completely or more substantially. And then separately, just on the leisure consumer, can you just tell us a sense of what you are seeing from them? It sounds like your convention business is very good. On the non-convention nights, especially mid-week, are you able to fill the rooms? It looks like that from RevPAR perspective, but are you able to get them to spend money, are they spending more money in restaurants, in the casino? Just some color on that would be helpful.
Dan D’Arrigo: Sure, Steve. This is Dan. I’ll tackle the first and then I'm sure Jim and Corey will jump in on the second. As far as the additional lever, obviously as our properties continue to improve and recover, this becomes more and more a free cash flow story as we go forward and improve from an operation standpoint. We still have roughly about $180 million sitting in a trust account in New Jersey and are continuing to work through that process and are working on the other sale of our interest in Borgata as well on top of that 180. So that’s clearly another lever that will go to reduce debt and provide that additional lever. When we look out to the future, and I can’t speak for our joint venture Boards, particularly MGM China, but clearly the announcement today by the China Board is a productive one from a shareholder and MGM Resorts standpoint and I think that’s something that that Board will look at from time to time and explore returning capital to shareholders in addition to the growth initiatives that they have in Macau and perhaps Taiwan in the future. So I think when you look at the levers, we’re going to continue to obviously be opportunistic in the markets as well. I think no one is as equipped. We’ve got some of the best accounting and finance and legal teams internally here to access the markets quickly and opportunistically and I think that gives us a lot of levers to push and pull on over the upcoming quarters.
Jim Murren:  Let me just add to that Dan if I could. I’d focus on the cash flow because we know what our CapEx plans will be over the next several years and we believe that these capital expenditures will yield good ROIs. These are projects that are enhancing already existing buildings. There is no new build in here, there is not a lot of Greenfield construction. This is generating very healthy returns right away. Bellagio’s room remodel will be an easy example of that. So limited and known fixed CapEx with high returns, driving revenues in a variety of ways. The big driver of debt reduction will be on the cash flow side and that’s going to be growing in our opinion yearly. Dan mentioned Borgata. That’s certainly to not only the money we have trapped there, but our 50% interest and of course Macau, which Dan mentioned. I’d also throw CityCenter into that dialogue, CityCenter is a deleveraging enterprise and its goal is to return value to its shareholders, Infinity World and MGM Resorts and through the residential inventory that we own and through the rising cash flows we think that CityCenter will be deleveraging and be a source of cash to the partners. So a variety of levers that we have, what’s not on the list is our asset sales. That’s opportunistic and happens occasionally. We’ve done it before but it’s unlikely that we would sell any of our operating assets. We feel like they can generate a lot of money for us as the markets improve, and they’re certainly already starting to improve. So that was on the table a few years ago, it’s not now. On the second part of your question, I think it was on the leisure side, was it not, Corey? That’s a particularly bright story for us. I'm looking at something that happened last week. It’s the most retail bookings that we booked just last week for example, in the last five years. And the week before that, as I look at it was the third highest that we’ve had in the last five years. And in fact if you look at all the bookings this year, this schedules yes, this is correct, it was good. We are having new records of top 20 booking weeks in every single week. So this momentum, why we're so confident that 2012 is improving is the leisure bookings that are occurring right now for this year are new records and certainly kinds of numbers we haven’t seen in half a decade. And then of course on the international side, which is particularly important to us, I think for Las Vegas it’s about 18% of visitations. Is that right? So it's higher for us given the nature of our resorts and that traffic is improving and of course Mccarran Airport is expanding, international carriers are adding flights to Las Vegas and that really plays right to our strength. So I would say on the retail side, in general if you look at our FIT business, our international business, leisure picking up substantially, convention business, we'll have another very good year in 2012. That all conspires to have a very strong year on the room side.
Corey Sanders:  And I would add the international customer stays longer time and they spend money. So although they fall in that leisure bucket, they are very much like an FIT customer. So we’ve seen uplift in our slot play and our prime dining. Our ADR in that segment is up over 10%. So it’s been a great segment for us this year.
Jim Murren: That’s a good point Corey.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Strawn from Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn – Morgan Stanley: Can you give us a sense or some color on how you expect your group rates to trend in Las Vegas in 2012 within the context of a rough guidance you gave and not to get too far ahead of ourselves, but would you expect those rates to step up meaningfully in 2013 as maybe some of the lower rated group business you booked during the downturn starts to almost completely burn off as we turn the calendar into '13?
Jim Murren: You are talking about convention business right, not leisure business?
Mark Strawn – Morgan Stanley: Yes, that’s correct.
Corey Sanders: I think Mark, as Jim pointed out earlier, I mean obviously the first quarter has a tough comp. We see the second quarter improving and the back half of the year is also holding up well. There is still more work to do obviously this year. I think we were projecting for '12 kind of the same convention room mix as we kind of finished up 2011 with. And I think what it will come down to is in the year for the year bookings which in '11 were exceptionally strong and if we can come anywhere close to that, we think we can drive better rates in '12 than '11. '13 and '14 pace right now looks exceptionally strong, both in terms of rate and room nights booked and we still have more work to do there as well but we're gratified by what we see this early on and '13 and '14 looks very strong. And I think the same bodes for Aria as well there. Their convention bookings as Bobby mentioned, our goal coming into any given year is about having 80% of what we want in convention room nights contracted on the books and as Bobby mentioned earlier for 2012, Aria is already at a 100% of that goal in terms of contracted room nights in '12 and '13. It's getting even stronger every day.
Mark Strawn – Morgan Stanley: Is it fair to characterize that in the group business you’re bookings stay more, let’s say in the last year or so in booking orders. You would say it is easier to push rate gains and have stronger contracts in place than may be a couple of years back?
Jim Murren: Yes, there is no doubt about that, Mark. Our mix ended up higher in 2011 than we thought and even still, it looks like our mix would be flat to up a little bit, but at higher rates, is the important thing and better still in 2013 because many of these conventions are two to three year conventions. We were booking conventions in 2008, 2009 with modest annual escalators. They’re burning off right now. So the conventions that we’re booking today and the ones that we booked last year are at much higher rates. So not only is our mix improving, but the ADR rate we’re getting for those conventions is improving and the overall spend is going up because the portfolio spend is higher. They have more fun they’re here, they’re booking out restaurants, they’re booking out the beach at Mandalay, they’re having more special events and the delegations have gone up. So attrition levels have gone down, attendance has gone up. CES is a good example. It just happened this year, all time record for the town, all-time record for us. Want to add anything to that Corey?
Corey Sanders:  No, I think the other positive side we’re seeing, as Jim said we are seeing multiple year bookings and we’re actually happy to turn away certain bookings because of space limitations, which we haven’t seen in a few years. So all in all it’s a positive story on the convention sides. And Aria being the only gold, lead gold, it's a good fit, I know Bobby wishes we had a couple of hundred thousand square feet more and we’re already sold out for Aria and that creates a lot of rate opportunity. We've obviously being driving right at Aria.
Bobby Baldwin:  And 2013 rate is strong and 2014 will be strong or so.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley from Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley – Bank of America: Most of my questions have been answered, but I did want to follow up on, one, I think Jim you had mentioned a little bit strategically about some of the management fees and some of the hotel deals you're signing. That line item actually was around breakeven or so this year, at least according to my model. So kind of wondering how do you see that ramping as some of these new properties open up and when can you start to get some meaningful earnings contribution from that line.
Jim Murren: Well, it is. We started first in China. Shaun we started that company way back in 2007. It takes a while to do these things. I know that some of our competitors dipping their toe in the water right now, but they're years behind us. And just in that one enterprise alone, we have in China, about 12 different deals under various forms of development. Some of them take quite a while. So we’re already starting to make money in China now. The joint venture is, because we opened in Sanya over Chinese New Year's as an example. That hotel, the MGM Grand was getting over a $1,000 a night in ADR and that’s an hour flight by the way to Hong Kong and to Macau. So the cross marketing of having an MGM Grand in the Huawei of China touching our customers is very, very valuable. So I think that that company is growing and will grow in terms of cash flows, not only in China, but around the world. Remember also that in that line item we have Branco (ph) which is MGM China’s Branco (ph) and that steps up from, remember it was only half year last year, it was $15 million. This year it will be a $30 million number here in 2012. So Branco (ph) which is the company that has for a fee lent the name to MGM China goes in cash flow from $15 million last year to $30 million this year. That helps an awful lot. So a combination of these hotel management deals, development fees, Branco (ph) has had a big impact on improving the cash flows and I think it’s going to grow into quite a large company over the next several years. Dan, did you want to add something.
Dan D’Arrigo: Yes. And I think the other thing to point out is with these brands and these flags, particularly in Asia, we’re going to get to know a lot of customers that we don’t even know exist. So the cross marketing opportunities into Las Vegas and Macau, we’re not going to quantify or even attempt to do that at this stage of the game but that is an opportunity and we think it could pay some significant dividends to both Macau and Las Vegas.
Shaun Kelley – Bank of America: And then just one more on Las Vegas to follow up on some of the prior questions, I was wondering if you guys think about the mid-single digit to high-single digit kind of RevPAR expectation for '12, some of your competitors have been, I’d say a little bit more cautious, particularly around maybe in the third quarter and just kind of wondering, obviously your portfolio stands a much broader set of customers but do you see kind of low-end outperforming high-end or where are you having the most success in kind of pushing rates and building occupancies at this point in the recovery?
Jim Murren: Well, you’re right. We do have a vast portfolio in every price point and the core properties are doing particularly well, there is no doubt about that. But I wouldn’t ignore the luxury properties. I am not sure what the competitors are saying but we’re going to do well, we believe in RevPAR at the luxury properties. The room remodel program only finished at the end of last year at Bellagio, so we get a full year benefit of that. That’s going to have material impact on RevPAR at Bellagio. The MGM Grand remodel program improves that RevPAR throughout the year, that major remodel is done in September I think of this year. It started last September. And we’re seeing the convention business, and the events calendar so robust at Mandalay Bay, we saw Mandalay Bay did well in the fourth quarter. There is a tremendous amount of opportunity at Mandalay Bay and Mirage as well. So my guess is that you’ll see strong RevPAR throughout the portfolio. We certainly are able to drive great RevPAR growth at our core properties as the luxury portfolio in general in town, ours and our competitors improves and they fell the most. So there is an opportunity there. I think the combination of M Life, our events, the capital that we spent last year and spending this year and being pretty aggressive in the marketplace, we’ve added a lot of people on the convention sales side, the leisure sales side, yielding more affectively. All will combine to get very good and growing RevPAR this year.
Bobby Baldwin: And of course, Jim, there is no added first class room inventory on the horizon in Las Vegas for quite some time.
Jim Murren:  Good point. Operator, I think we’ll take one more question.
Operator: And your next question comes from line of Joe Greff from JPMorgan.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: Looking back at last year in Las Vegas, your hotel revenue growth led the enterprise revenue growth. As you look into 2012 and given your comments about the goods things that you’re going with M Life, the event calendar was on the books for group and the comparison, do you think the non-room revenue growth exceeds the room revenue growth in 2012?
Jim Murren: The revenue growth particularly on the convention side led this recovery, Joe. And the other aspects of our business are catching up. And so I think we’re going to have a good year on the convention side but if the early numbers here in 2012 are any indicator, gaming is coming back in Las Vegas. Our table play is improving nationally and internationally. Our slot business has been really very strong and that bodes well for the nationally oriented events like March Madness or the concerts fights that we have. I think that if you look at our portfolio, you’re going to see even without M Life adding to the mix, but certainly that would be additive, a more broad based recovery and a more broad based strength in our business, not just on the room side, but on the non-gaming revenue side and on the gaming side. And that’s the opportunity, which is a good way to end because why we’re so excited here is that we knew and I think we all collectively agreed that for Las Vegas to come back, the convention business had to lead the way. That has happened. We also knew that we needed to restore Las Vegas' visitations. We could hit a record, an all time record in visitation in Las Vegas this year. Then we knew that, well people have to start spending a little bit more money when they get here and I think you’ve heard from us in the last couple of calls is that RevCore, the total revenue per occupied room is starting to go higher and that certainly is the case here in 2012 and I think that all points to the fact that Las Vegas will have in general, not just ourselves, but the market will have a much better year in '12 because the recovery of revenue is more broad based than it was last year and everyone including ourselves are managing our costs. And so the flow through we talked about earlier should be felt strip wide. We certainly are going to try to maximize that here as a company. I think it’s going to grow throughout the year. So with that, of course we’re always around. Please give any of us a call if you have any follow up questions. I want to thank you all for joining us on the call and thank you for your support of the company, and thank you Grant for staying up so late.
Operator:  And this concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert H. Baldwin - Chief Design & Construction Officer, Director, President of Project CityCenter and Chief Executive Officer of Project CC LLC Corey I. Sanders - Chief Operating Officer Daniel J. D'Arrigo - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Daniel P. Foley - Executive Director of Investor Relations Unknown Executive -  James Joseph Murren - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International Third Quarter of 2011 Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bobby Baldwin, Chief Design and Construction Officer of MGM Resorts International, and President and CEO of CityCenter; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. [Operator Instructions] Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thank you, Linda, and good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts Third Quarter Conference Call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and a replay of the call will be made available on our website. We furnished this morning our press release and Form 8-K with the SEC as well. And before turning it over to Jim, I'd like to read our Safe Harbor statement. On this call, we will make forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Federal Securities Law, although results might differ materially from those projected on the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward-looking statements is contained in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Form 10-Q filing.  During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is being recorded.  With that, I'd like to turn it over to Jim.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. As I think you can see from our results, we had a very strong quarter in terms of our Las Vegas and domestic operations, and of course, MGM Macau had a wonderful quarter as well.  We continue to see consistency in this recovery. You can see that in the improving citywide trends, when you look at Las Vegas, but also, importantly for us, our operating results. The third quarter here represents the third consecutive year-over-year quarter of increased revenue, EBITDA and cash flow margin growth for our wholly-owned properties here.  In the third quarter, domestic operating resorts here had revenue increases of 3%, and our adjusted EBITDA was up 10% in the third quarter. The 13% REVPAR increase beat our guidance of 10% growth, and that was driven by improvements in both rate and occupancy during the quarter. The convention mix came in as we expected, and the outperformance was mainly as a result of better-than-expected demand in our FIT and leisure segments, which both led to higher achieved rates.  Resort operations at CityCenter continue to improve with a 26% increase year-over-year adjusted EBITDA, and Bobby will get into that in a while. MGM Macau had adjusted cash flow of $150 million, that's up about 80% year-over-year. Grant Bowie will talk to that in a little while.  Looking at the current trends, they remain very positive. Bookings and current asking rates are up. In fact, the convention business is particularly strong. September was one of our highest convention booking production months ever. And I think that emphasizes the fact that our group business for 2012 and beyond remains quite robust.  Punctuating this operating growth and our confidence in future gains, I have some good news to report that October was the best profit month we've had all year here in Las Vegas. And by the way, October was also a record month for us in Macau, a tremendous result that Grant will be proud to describe. I'd like to also get into some of our initiatives here, leading to this growth in our confidence for future gains. We mentioned Cotai before. We're now at a point where we believe we're ready to share with you a few details. We've been working with Grant and his team, Pansy and our operating and development teams, on this resort. We've developed a design for the property that we're all very proud of. The resort and casino will have about 1,600 rooms and suites, as well as the gaming area about would accommodate up to 500 tables and 2,500 slot machines. Our designs call for food and beverage outlets that offer a range of cuisine not currently available in Macau. We've been working with a variety of people on that regard. And the retail and entertainment attractions will utilize advanced technology that does not exist in Macau today, which we believe will bring a new level of excitement to the market. And as you know, we don't have a specific date for when we expect to receive the Cotai land grant issuance, but we are hopeful we'll receive that soon. And in the meantime, we've been working very hard productively on the internal development track. And the permitting dialogue with the agencies has been quite constructive.  We also have been focusing on the expansion of MGM Macau itself. And Grant can outline some of the expansion efforts underway, which are leading to those higher results and, certainly, a contributing factor to the record October we just produced. That company is, of course, extraordinarily financially strong, it's increasingly profitable and the visibility for future growth, in our minds, has continued to improve. Back here at home, as you know, the U.S. Congress is considering proposals that could lead to the legalization and regulation of online poker. We support this effort as it clearly would safeguard consumers. In preparation for this potential legislation, we announced an agreement earlier this week with bwin.party and with Boyd Gaming to jointly offer online poker in the United States. We feel that the technology has matured to a point where Internet poker can be appropriately regulated. The agreement will bring both companies' strong brands to the online poker platform that we believe is safe, secure and fair. This business is going to be about scale and the global brand names, and we believe that this partnership gives us the best opportunity to fully capitalize on this potential market.  Also as it relates to growing our brand, we announced recently a strategic relationship with Creative Casinos. And assuming certain conditions are satisfied, MGM will invest $30 million in exchange for a long-term management contract in a minority equity interest. This deal provides us with great exposure to Southwest Louisiana and the Texas markets, including the important Houston area. The deal is consistent with our strategy to develop our brand name in the U.S., and I think will allow us to further expand our regional database of M life customers.  Regional representation, we believe strongly, will drive casino traffic to Las Vegas, where we own dominant brands here, and thus, lead to higher resort cash flows. In fact, while we're on M life, I'm proud to say this continues to gain traction as a new loyalty program. In the third quarter alone, the total number of active customers in the database, that means those who have spent money at our resorts within the last 18 months, increased 12% year-over-year. In addition, we've seen significant tier advancement, meaning that our customers are playing at increased levels to reach higher tiers within the program. In the third quarter, we saw a notable growth in our highest tiers, specifically a 13% increase in our active Platinum players and a 7% increase in our active Noir players. Noir is our highest tier. We believe that we're seeing early results of M life in our regional and Strip slot revenues, and we've begun the launch of our non-gaming components of M life in our regional properties. That will expand for the Strip in the coming months and we're particularly excited about that endeavor. We think this is really a tremendous opportunity for growth in our casino revenue and profits, and growth in our relationship with our customers as to increasing our market share here. In MGM Hospitality, under Gamal Aziz, we now have a total of 17 projects in various stages. We're very excited that our first flag under Hospitality will be MGM Sanya on Hainan Island. It's a large luxury resort, and it's an hour flight from Hong Kong and Macau. And it opens up in a couple of months. In addition, we just recently announced an agreement to build a Bellagio and an MGM Grand and an MGM Skylofts in Mumbai, India.  And so our fundamentals of our business are solid, rising revenue is leading to higher profits. Core consumer and business demand is expanding and is broad-based. And for those reasons, we're quite optimistic for the prospects of our company in the current quarter, as well as the coming years. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Dan for more specifics.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, thanks, Jim. First, I'd like to highlight some results from our resorts in the quarter. During the third quarter, MGM wholly-owned domestic resorts fell near the low end of our normal range, which negatively impacted our cash flows by about $16 million. While at ARIA, they held above their normal range, which benefited our share of cash flows there by about $5 million. So net-net, our consolidated adjusted property EBITDA would have been roughly $11 million or $455 million had we held at the midpoint in the quarter.  Our adjusted property EBITDA margins at our wholly-owned domestic properties were up year-over-year by about 140 basis points, and we continue to remain focused on managing our expenses while maximizing our revenues, allowing us to achieve over 60% flow through in the quarter when you're looking at our wholly-owned domestic resorts.  Our table game volume, excluding Baccarat on the Strip, was up slightly about 1% or 2% in the quarter, and slot revenues at our wholly-owned Las Vegas properties were up about 6%. These trends are important drivers of our business as you can see in our core property cash flows, which grew in the quarter by some 28% in quarter 3. And I think that's the third consecutive quarter for our core properties. That's 20-plus percent increases in cash flow on a year-over-year basis, pretty impressive and pretty broad-based when you look at that consumer recovery that's underway.  Our regional resorts continue to do well. There's continued strength in the combined EBITDA of those 3 properties, up 13% at $79 million, the highest level we've reported since Q4 '07 led by Tunica and Beau Rivage, which had strong quarters.  When you look at the general consumer trends across our business, our Food and Beverage, Retail and Entertainment revenues for our wholly-owned domestic properties were up low- to mid-single digits. Our net REVPAR, excluding our casino and hotel revenues, grew a little over 3% in the quarter. So strong consumer spending across all segments for our business. And as you saw by the release, and as Jim mentioned, our retail room rates, our FIT and Leisure segments, which are most indicative of consumer spend, experienced the greatest year-over-year percentage increases amongst all of our room segments, up double digits in each of those categories. Switching gears and moving over to Macau, our VIP volumes grew to $23.1 billion in the quarter, up over 80%. Our main floor table drop was $558 million, and our slot handle was $867 million in the quarter. We continue to make operational improvements and believe we still have additional room for further growth, both in terms of the utilization of our table games, and more importantly, some of the work that Grant and his team has been undertaking over the past several months, which include the recent opening of our Platinum gaming lounge, a high-end main table floor offering that opened up in stages in both August and September here in the quarter. Work continues on our new in-house VIP gaming area, scheduled to be completed in late November and open in early December. And so, we've had a little bit of disruption as we gave up our real estate, as you'll recall, to our VIP in-house gaming space earlier in the year to one of our junket room operators. So that comes online in December, and we look forward to that.  At the end of the third quarter, MGM China had approximate cash balance of $494 million, an outstanding debt balance of $551 million and an adjusted leverage ratio of less than 1x based on trailing 12-month results. Looking at our CapEx in the quarter, we spent approximately $78 million in CapEx, excluding $14 million of expenditures at MGM China, bringing our year-to-date total for our wholly-owned properties to approximately $162 million. We expect to spend approximately $275 million in capital in this year, which includes completion of the room remodel activity at Bellagio and the start of the room remodel program at MGM Grand here on October. But this $275 million does not include the capital being expended by MGM China. In addition, we have many exciting capital projects underway at several of our wholly-owned resorts. As an example, Luxor and Excalibur are in the process of opening 8 new food and beverage outlets, predominantly with outside operators. Switching over to the balance sheet real quickly, our net debt balance, excluding operating cash in MGM China at the end of the third quarter, was approximately $12.1 billion. As part of our strategy to continue to extend maturities and lower our cost of capital, we drew down approximately $879 million on our revolver in September and immediately repaid it after quarter end. The result of which increased our ability to issue additional secured indebtedness to a total of approximately $300 million.  And with that, I turn it over to Bobby Baldwin to discuss CityCenter
Robert H. Baldwin: Thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. CityCenter is operating and the entities continued with another successful quarter, reporting adjusted property EBITDA from resorts operations of $50 million, a 26% increase over the third quarter of 2010.  ARIA's EBITDA of $40 million was driven by strong volumes throughout the resort. Revenues in the hotel division increased 20%, while Food and Beverage revenues increased 11% compared to last year. Table games' volumes, excluding Baccarat, were up 6%, and slot volumes were the highest since the opening of the resort, up 24% from the prior-year quarter.  The growth in the hotel division was driven by increased occupancy, and a 15% increase in ADR to $200, resulting in a 22% increase in REVPAR to $173. ARIA continues to emerge as a premier destination for convention business groups. For 2012 and beyond, our convention bookings' pace continues to strengthen. At Vdara, Vdara continues to solidify its position in the market as its reported adjusted EBITDA was $5 million for the quarter. Vdar has experienced a rapid rise in popularity as evidenced by occupancy increasing by 14 points year-over-year to 84%, even as our available room inventory increased to its full 1,435 room complement during the quarter versus 924 rooms that were available in the prior-year period. ADR also increased 11% to $157, while REVPAR increased 32% to $131. Crystals' third quarter EBITDA was $6 million versus $2.4 million in the same quarter last year. Same-store sales were up 27% year-over-year, maintaining Crystals' position as the second highest sales per square foot in the marketplace. 86% of Crystals is currently under lease, Dolce & Gabbana's men's and women's stores, 2 separate stores, are scheduled to open early next year. Our residential strategy of leasing unsold units continued to be successful. To date, we've leased 374 units, allowing us to offset carrying costs of our residential inventory and energize, of course, the residential component of CityCenter. As a litigation update, the Nevada State Supreme Court has listed the stay that we've been under for some time, and we are proceeding with the case or the multiple cases primarily with prebilling companies. The new trial date is scheduled for February 4, 2013. As it relates to CityCenter's balance sheet, our significantly improved financial position and performance has allowed the joint venture to make $100 million in pre-payments to the credit facility in September and October.  And that concludes my report, and I'll turn it back you, Mr. Murren.
James Joseph Murren: Well, thank you, Bobby. Just a couple of brief final comments and we'll open it right up to your questions. And I know there's been a lot of discussion, it was throughout the third quarter and the summer, of the economic uncertainty, sovereign debt, debt ceiling crisis, paralysis in Washington, I can't remember them all. We had quite a few issues globally to deal with. Questions we all got throughout the third quarter is how would that affect your business, are you seeing any effect to your business? And I think we can answer as we get all quarter, absolutely not. We beat the street in the third quarter in Las Vegas. We beat our own expectations in terms of cash flows, even with the hole that Dan talked about in terms of our REVPAR guidance.  And we're off to a very good start here in the fourth quarter. And we have said earlier this year that we get into the fall, we felt increasingly comfortable about our business because of the event calendar, because of the convention business and because of what we saw in our forward bookings. And as I said, we just had a wonderful October to start the quarter.  Quite a few things are going on this fourth quarter, which we think will benefit us. A number of events, I think we've got an Eagles concert this weekend. Another one coming up, we have the Pacquiao fight in a week. We have a number of special events and some exciting activities going on for the balance of the quarter, particularly leading up to New Year's Eve when 2 new big nightclubs open up for us, Hyde Lounge here at Bellagio and one El Cobra [ph] at the Mirage.  We think in the fourth quarter and based on what we see on the books and how we did in October, we feel comfortable given our forecast of a REVPAR increase of 10% here in the fourth quarter, with the best games actually coming in the highly important FIT market. We're also doing quite well in leisure as well.  I think we've positioned ourselves to fully take advantage of the Las Vegas recovery that is clearly underway. And the operating leverage of this business is such that if we continue on this path, we would likely see an acceleration of the growth of our cash flows into 2012, because we're seeing strong growth in REVPAR, growth in customer spend and in our volumes. Dan and Corey and the operating teams are keeping our costs in line, which is why this high revenue growth is being driven to the bottom line, leading to expanded margins. We think there's more opportunity there in 2012.  And so with that, I think we'd like to turn over to the operator and get right to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Jim and Bobby, you both had mentioned the group booking pace for 2012. You said it was robust for just the company in general and then at ARIA. I was wondering if you could quantify that further?
James Joseph Murren: Yes, let's -- we'll get the numbers for you here, Felicia. Do you have that in front of you, Dan?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes. Felicia, we're pacing in line. The first quarter has a tough comp with CONEXPO year-over-year, so that's a difficult comp. When you look at the citywide, it's at a $140,000. But overall, we're projecting our convention room mix in 2012, based on our pace, to be at or slightly higher where we're forecasting 2011 to be. So we're making good headway. The pace is continuing to pick up, as Jim mentioned, September was strong, and we think from a mix, overall mix standpoint, we'll be at or better than, slightly better than where we finish up for 2011.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And when you say mix, does that include pricing or are you just talking about your customer mix in bookings?
James Joseph Murren: Well, the pricing's higher. I mean we're right on track in the pricing. I mean, Corey, we're up significantly in pricing in 2012, so the mix is at or above what it is this year is what we're saying for 2012, because actually, even though that's citywide, it's not obviously here next year. We've been able to refill that space with the higher-priced conferences, which obviously is higher margin to us. So we think that this is an opportunity for higher profits on the convention side, and overall pricing is going to be up again. As we said earlier, we're on track to the previous guidance in terms of convention pricing. The story in our minds, at least, is the fact that the convention business, which was strong all year, was what we were hoping for. But we didn't know how FIT and leisure was going to do. And right now, FIT in particular, which is just so important to our profits, is leading our REVPAR growth, and in fact, is doing far better than that overall average of REVPAR that I just gave you. And some of our best, most important properties are leading the way. Bellagio, for example, is having a tremendous quarter in terms of REVPAR. Bobby, on ARIA, do you have that?
Robert H. Baldwin: Yes. Felicia, ARIA continues -- the convention business continues to be very strong there. For 2012, as an example, we have 183,000 room nights in the books versus 133,000 last year, so up almost 40% in terms of our bookings for 2012. The same is true with 2013, in the above cases, the rates are higher.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. And then is Grant on the line?
James Joseph Murren: He is.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: In any event, a few questions for you. I was wondering if you could give us color in terms of what the VIP roll looked like in the quarter and what the mass drop looked like in the quarter. And if you don't want to give the exact numbers, perhaps, what the year-over-year growth was for both of those metrics?
Grant R. Bowie: Well, I think, Felicia, we gave you the number earlier.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, we gave those numbers as part of the prepared remarks.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Nevermind on the stats. So let's move on to [indiscernible], sorry for that. The other part of my question just was if you could talk a little bit about the construction disruption which you mentioned, perhaps, maybe quantify the impact you had in the quarter. And then as that's rolling off, how are you positioned as you move on to newly constructed with various areas that are newly improved?
Grant R. Bowie: Well, I think in particular, in the game with the opening of the Platinum lounge, as it's located in the middle of a property did have some impacts in the main floor, particularly for some of our higher to more premium play. So that flows down in September as we said. And since that time, we have seen significant double-digit growth in category and in yield on a per-square-foot basis. And we're saying in excess of 12%, 13% per-square-foot increases in yield. And that was really a key issue that we saw in the third quarter.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. So as we think about margin improvement going forward, can you help us quantify that?
Grant R. Bowie: It's a little bit difficult to do that because as we all know, the margin is dependent also on the relationship between the main floor revenues and the VIP revenues. And we're still continuing to see really strong growth in VIP revenues. And we're anticipating that to even get additional improvement as we bring on the in-house, additional in-house capacity. So the key for us at the moment is focusing on getting the absolute yield in terms of EBITDA yield, and recognizing that there is going to be some variation. We like -- what we have seen now coming through with the record on October. We saw that across all the revenue streams, and that did deliver a really solid yield performance and EBITDA performance in that mid-20s range.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bill Lerner.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: A couple of questions, actually, all related to Las Vegas and the Bellagio and MGM Grand room renos. I guess the first is what was the EBITDA impact do you think for rooms out of service during the quarter at the Bellagio? I think you probably do something like $20,000 per room, per quarter. Just if I'm in the -- maybe I'm in the ballpark there, but I wonder what the impact was. But I think more importantly, what's been the ADR lift relative to the older rooms following the renovations? And then as I think about what you're doing at the MGM Grand, I mean you're talking about 25% of your rooms in this market, where you have the most operating leverage, are being addressed, and presumably, will have a lift in rate that is starting to take effect. And I guess we're seeing that. So I guess what's your sense in both places of the impact of the CapEx or the return on the CapEx? I think it's pretty important.
James Joseph Murren: Well, maybe I'll give a couple then anyone can jump in. We had quite a few rooms out of service in the third quarter at Bellagio. The profit impact was at least $1 million of cash flow. Obviously, a lot more of revenue, but the cash flow impact -- because we had, what, about 300 rooms out at any given time. The selling rates for those renovated rooms are consistently $30 higher than the average ADR at Bellagio. So the impact of the rooms that have been coming online had been very profitable. And of course, the renovations for all the standard rooms, which is 2,568 standard rooms. So you could work on the math in terms of what the future profitability impact could be for Bellagio. It's certainly happening. The MGM, we start that -- and that, by the way, was a $70 million CapEx program, so the ROI on that CapEx at Bellagio is going to be, we think, very robust. MGM is a larger room remodel program. That begins at the end of this year, of course.
Unknown Executive: [indiscernible] It's starting now.
James Joseph Murren: It's starting literally now. It's $160 million remodel program. It's a much larger room base, that's 4,300 rooms. At that point, there'll be about 700 rooms out of service at any given time, right? And if early indications are correct, we're going to get probably not a $30 increase, but we'll get $10, $20 increase in ADR at MGM based on that.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: And, Jim, let me follow up on that real quick because year-over-year, I think you -- without any renovation or CapEx property that I can recall of note, you picked up like $21 in ADR. What's gone on -- I don't know if Scott's on the call or what have you, but what's gone on over at the MGM? Is it mix shift? I know obviously there's rate lift in the market, but it seems to be much in excess of what we've seen year-over-year for the whole corridor.
James Joseph Murren: I'll turn it over to Corey.
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. Are you talking Bellagio, Bill?
James Joseph Murren: No, MGM Grand.
Corey I. Sanders: Oh, MGM?
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes. Basically, I'm thinking about how you've already gotten pretty significant lift. And now, you're -- without the remodel, it's pretty interesting to see what, where that will end up with the benefit. I'm just wondering what's happened. Is it, has there been a mix shift, one that's helped you there, or is it underpriced or something else?
Corey I. Sanders: Well, our MGM has also been one of the benefactors of the demand in leisure and FIT. And especially in the summer periods, they have a lot of high demand because of their pool. I think they had a pretty decent convention mix also. I need to look at that, but...
James Joseph Murren: Yes.
Corey I. Sanders: And that's what's driving a lot of it...
James Joseph Murren: Also, as you know, it's an event-driven property. And we spoke on this a couple of calls ago, but the amount of events we're having in the MGM Grand Garden Arena is up significantly year-over-year, was in the third quarter. That drives much higher ADR. And that's happening here. That's why it sometimes seems trivial to mention that we're having a concert with a big company like this, but that is very significant. The ADR this weekend at the MGM will be up dramatically versus the same weekend a year ago because of a very popular concert, more so, when we have the Pacquiao fight next week. So the fact that the Grand Garden is fully occupied, it will be very robust in the fourth quarter as well, is leading to higher ADR at MGM. And the convention business has been quite strong as well. And when you get the convention business strong and the FIT strong, you're squeezing out a little bit of the leisure, which is allowing us to drive better rates there also. So the overall mix of the Grand with over 5,000 rooms has been the beneficiary of that kind of demand. Danny can -- anything else you want to add?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes. When you look at it, the Grand's getting probably more of the benefit and has one of the highest FIT and leisure percentage increases within our portfolio in the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Shaun Kelley.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to ask a little bit more about the profit flow through in the quarter and how we can think about that going forward. I think you mentioned in the prepared remarks it was around 60% in the quarter for the wholly-owned operations. And my question is this, we've actually seen some of the regional companies do kind of even higher flow-throughs than that, sometimes, even approaching 100% because of the promotional allowance, just decreases that they've seen. So I'm kind of wondering, do you think that the 60% is -- can you improve on that from here, given how early we are in the cycle, particularly with some of the REVPAR gains that you've seen and what you guys are kind of doing on the expense side to maybe drive that?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Yes, I think, Shaun, when you look at it, I mean the teams have done an outstanding job in managing the expenses and offsetting any kind of expense increase that we've had with further cost reductions and containments. Our FIT numbers are slightly lower than they were last year and still significantly lower than the peak. So I think as you think about the top line continuing to grow, I think there is room for possible higher flow-throughs. I just don't want to get ahead of ourselves here. 60% is pretty good. And so, that's our goal, is to continue to maximize that opportunity and drive further margin improvement, which we think we can do.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. And of course, if we held the same year-over-year as a flow-through would've been better. It's just that you got to obviously look at all whole being down year-over-year. If it was flat, the flow through would've been better, of course. The other point to make is that if we're correct on our strategy with M life, and our strategy is in terms of developing regional presence which will feed Las Vegas, you're going to see higher casino revenue, you're going to see higher win per units on slots and tables, which, and therefore, higher productivity even at the same level of occupancies in the hotels, which would have a profound impact on flow-through.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's helpful. And I guess the second thing I had was just, Jim, you mentioned the event calendar and how much that could drive specific weekends. I think if we look across Las Vegas for this year, it's actually been a huge year, 2 big fights and a lot of big concerts and events that have been very successful. Do we have to worry at all about kind of lapping that in 2012? And to what extent can we look at the event calendar for next year and think that some of this can continue because Vegas is a venue that these types of events want to be at?
James Joseph Murren: I would be very confident in saying that 2012 will be even better based on what we have on the books already in both MGM and Mandalay, not only the number of events, but the quality of the concerts. And of course, if Manny Pacquiao wins, which we all expect he will next week, the fight of the century would be Pacquiao-Mayweather. We're certainly going to be shooting for that if that happens next year. But just what we know right now, I think you should be comfortable with the fact that both arenas will be very, very active. And I think it will drive, particularly drive business at the MGM and at Mandalay in terms of rooms.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steven Kent.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Could you just talk a little bit, maybe Dan, about your expectations to maybe lower some of your financing cost or extend our the credit? I know you discussed that a little bit in your press releases, the motivation for shifting some of the cash around. But I was wondering, in the financial position paragraph, I was just wondering if you could give us an update on that. And then separately, just on the low hold percentage, if you could give us a sense as to what is causing that, whether there is the customers moving around more frequently, whether they're going to other casinos, if there's something there. And then finally, on low hold, ARIA seems to be bouncing all over the place. Is that just because there's not enough play coming through there on hold?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Well, Steve, I'll tackle the first and I think we'll tag team on the second part of the question. But as it relates to our financing strategy, clearly, that's my highest priority, is to continue to move down this cost of capital, which will ultimately improve our free cash flow. What we did at the end of the quarter was provide us with even greater flexibility to do that, and it's something we have done once before in late '09 in preparing ourselves for 2010, but it's a much different environment. So I wanted to make sure we had maximum flexibility. And I think you should expect that we're going to be taking a look at things like our credit facility, continuing to look at accessing the markets opportunistically. The good news is we don't have to do any of that here in the near term. We have plenty of liquidity to get us through most of 2013 today. And so, right now, it's all about being opportunistic and bringing down this cost of capital. And you should see us doing that both here in the U.S. with our U.S. credit facility and financing activities, as well as Macau. Macau is the -- an opportunity there that I think throughout the course of this year and into early next year, our highest priorities in this category are those 2 credit facilities, the domestic one and the Macau facility.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: All things being equal, could you give us a sense today of what kind of range of savings you think you could see next year or the year after?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I think just looking at it at a high level, when you kind of just look in the rough numbers, Steve, it's hard to kind of give you a number because obviously, the debt markets move around and are pretty volatile right now in the last couple of months. But just to put things in perspective, I mean we are just inside of about $1 billion of interest cost. And as we could improve every point of interest savings, that equates to roughly about $100 million of incremental free cash flow to the company. So it's pretty impactful when you think about it in those terms.
James Joseph Murren: And maybe another thing, another way of looking at it, Steve. Dan's going to redo the credit facility. We're going to save quite a bit of an interest there. We're probably going to do that in the next quarter or so, okay. So credit facility is going to come down in terms of interest rates. We have those lovely New York-New York bonds that come due 13% notes in 2013. Clearly, as we refinance in the secured market and in the unsecured market, we're going to lower overall cost of debt. And that's where we are today. We've now reached a point where we were hoping for -- back a couple of years ago, a couple of years ago is about extending maturities, increasing liquidity and runway. I mean we used to talk about runway all the time. Now, it's about refinancing it at progressively lower rates. And we're at the threshold of being able to do that right now. We're going to start doing it immediately with the credit facility and with secure debt, and with overall cost of capital coming down. So it's 2012, '13, '14, we believe will be a story of dramatic reduction in our overall interest because the debt's coming down, and the cost of capital is coming down as well. On your hold issue, I don't know what to say about that. You've been in the business long time, our hold goes up and down. Our volumes are up. We're getting the play. These are customers that are coming back to Las Vegas and playing at the best properties in town, and we own a number of those. As it relates to ARIA, I'll turn it over to Bobby to ARIA, but we're actually really excited about the play at ARIA, and it's been one of the top properties in town.
Robert H. Baldwin: Steven, of course, there's going to be more volatility when you're reporting a single property versus a consolidated company. So ARIA is always going to have a little more volatility than at the MGM Group as, in total. Last year, the hold percentage at ARIA was right about 23%, which is just right about on our expectation for the year for 2010. This year, we're a little high, about 27% year-to-date. And most of that relates to Baccarat play and again, as a single property, you would expect a level of volatility. At least the ball is bouncing in the right direction.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joseph Greff.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm not sure if you addressed this at all, but can you just talk about the potential for a dividend out of MGM China? And then a second question, going back to Las Vegas Strip and asking or talking about the topic of operating leverage differently, if we're looking at to next year with the group pricing ramping and overall volumes continuing to improve, do you anticipate any major changes in your operating structure? In other words, if net revenues are, say, going up a mid-single-digit range, can we assume table hold is normal? How much of an operating expense increase would you expect? And then my third question for you guys is, you mentioned the table game volumes in the third quarter x Baccarat were up 1% to 2% year-over-year. I'm presuming Baccarat volumes were down year-over-year. Could you just explain why that was?
James Joseph Murren: Sure. We're trying to take notes here on your questions, jump in if we miss any one. First on MGM China, clearly, we're very proud of the financial performance of MGM China and the record month it just had in October. We'll be debt-free in that operation this quarter. And, but we have set a precedent already of dividend-ing out excess cash to shareholders when appropriate. So without giving you specifics in terms of timing or quantum, it's clearly an objective of the board of MGM China to balance growth and return to shareholders. We've done it before, we did it significantly this year, and we're never been stronger than we are now. Going into next year and then beyond, we're going to have in our minds, numerous opportunities to dividend money back to shareholders, as well as fund any growth that we have at MGM Macau, the existing property in Cotai. Dan, do you want to hit the flow-through? Is that the second one, Joe?
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And I'm sorry, Joe, I missed that question. I have the first and the third, and that was...
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well, I guess my question was if we look at next year, 2012, in the Las Vegas Strip, and we assume net revenues grow at a mid-single-digit range and we assume that the table hold is normal, in that kind of scenario, how would you expect operating expenses to grow?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: I think my objective is to try to keep them as neutral as possible. Obviously, we got some inherent increases in some of our labor contracts and some of those pieces going forward. But our objective is any kind of cost creep, so to speak, is to try to neutralize it with other plans and other savings. And that's the goal and what we're working with each of the property CFOs, to continue to find new ways to neutralize any kind of cost creep as much as possible.
James Joseph Murren: Yes, I mean it's -- could be -- it may be 1% or 2%, at most, in terms of expenses so -- for that reason that Dan mentioned. So we should get -- if we get the revenue growth that we expect, we should have significant flow-through and margin improvement.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then the Baccarat volume question?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: We've looked at this up, down and left to right all year long and always do. I mean really, the Baccarat numbers really are just purely a lot of times based on time of travel and dates of trips. And the players, we're seeing the players, we're getting the players, some show up in August, some show up in October. It's just a matter of their schedules and how they come in. But the overall tone of that business continues to be strong, particularly on the international side. And it just moves around based on timing of events and their trip.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. And in fact, Bill Hornbuckle might be on the call. It's late where he is, too, because he's in Asia. We're on our marketing trip right now. We've had hundreds of people, I think over 500 people in Jakarta party alone, coming to our events. So the events that we have to prepare ourselves for Western and Chinese New Year's are occurring literally as we speak. Great attendance at these events, which bodes well for Baccarat play in the fourth quarter and the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Carlo Santarelli.
Carlo Santarelli: Jim, you mentioned earlier about the strengthening in Las Vegas in October. Were -- is that more on the gaming side, room side or could you maybe quantify which properties saw a little bit excess?
James Joseph Murren: Well, without getting specific property by property, I could say a few comments about October. It is extraordinarily broadly based. We had a really wonderful month in terms of room revenue and profits. We had strong casino play. The core properties, which we mentioned before were the ones that have been increasing year-over-year at the most, continue to do extremely well. October, I think in the city, was a good month. And that, of course, benefits the mid-market properties, particularly. Bellagio is really on fire in terms of its revenue growth. It's the leader here, the best property and it's setting a tone for the luxury properties that we have, MGM and Mirage and ARIA as well. So I'm happy to say that it is extremely broad-based both in the casino side and on the hotel side. We had a few good events, both convention and arena events, in October that helps. And we're going to have more here in November in terms of events at the arenas. So we're off to a very good start.
Carlo Santarelli: And if I could ask a follow-up that relates to Macau. I know it's early and there's still some obstacles to clear, but have you guys discussed or could you share with us some ideas around cost of that Cotai project?
James Joseph Murren: I don't think we've talked about that yet. We have a pretty good idea, Grant and the team and our team do. But I think you'll get that probably on our next quarter call. We'll be prepared to mention that. And I think that we'll be over there next week, more fine-tuning that cost of that project. But it's pretty clear what a property this size would cost. There are a lot of comparables. Galaxy, when it opened, others that have already talked about cost, given the size of the property rooms and casino, food and beverage offerings, you probably could get it pretty close within $0.5 billion, I'm sure. And we'll have more on that in about a month or 2.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robin Farley.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A couple of questions. First, on Cotai, in terms of the development process, is this -- roughly when would you be shovel-ready kind of regardless of official government approval and all that, just in terms of your own development timeline, when it will be shovel-ready? And then also on Las Vegas, I don't know if I missed it, but did you give Q4 REVPAR guidance for Las Vegas? And also I don't know if you quantified, you talked about mix in 2012, intending it to be flat with 2011. And I don't know if you could, if you put a number on that. And then, yes, that's it.
James Joseph Murren: Well, I'll hit the first one. We will be prepared as soon as -- we're ready to do site work right away. As soon as we're allowed to, we're at a position right now to do that. And so shovel-ready is, we're pretty ready right now. And we could be in the ground early next year, but we could start doing site work immediately upon -- we're at that point where we're ready to go immediately upon the pending approval. Did anyone get Robin's second question?
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just did you give Q4 REVPAR guidance for Las Vegas? I don't know if you gave it.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. I'm sorry, we did. I did it. REVPAR guidance we gave was 10%, which I think was the same guidance we gave in the third quarter, although we came in at 13% in the third quarter. But we gave REVPAR guidance of 10% in the fourth quarter for Las Vegas.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then did you quantify the convention mix for 2011? I know you talked about it being relatively flat with 2011 on higher rates, but can you quantify what you're targeting?
James Joseph Murren: Sure. And I think Bobby is saying that REVPAR for ARIA itself would be also with that guidance...
Robert H. Baldwin: It was 10%.
James Joseph Murren: Up 10% for ARIA as well in the fourth quarter. We didn't give that, but now, we did. In terms of the mix, convention mix in the third quarter is about 12.5% of this year. It's going to be higher in the fourth quarter, probably around 14%. That'll bring the year end at about 14.5%, yes, 14.5, 6, and we'll be higher next year. We'll be closer to 15% next year.
Robert H. Baldwin: And ARIA will be about 16.5%.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then I don't know if this is something you can quantify, but just thinking about kind of like the underlying same-store, is there any way to quantify what the cash room revenues at Bellagio, the change of cash room revenues for the un-renovated rooms just to get a sense of how those are year-over-year?
James Joseph Murren: Well, they're up as well. We'll look at that. I don't know that I have that in front of us, but if you take the apples-to-apples rooms given the extremely strong REVPAR at Bellagio itself, particularly in October, it's wonderful, and of course, most of these rooms aren't back yet. But it's up heavy single -- heavy double digits in terms of REVPAR even on the un-renovated rooms.
Operator: And your final question is from the line of Harry Curtis.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just a quick question on the mix of your leisure business this year and what you would expect it to go to next year. Jim, you mentioned that, I think you used the expression, beginning to squeeze them out a bit. What sort of inventory have they been getting as a mix of your business this year? And what might that look like next year?
James Joseph Murren: I'm going to give it to you, Corey. He's got the schedule in front of him. Do you know what our leisure mix was this year?
Corey I. Sanders: Yes. It's approximately 40%, Harry. And it will be around there next year also. We continue to move that around, but I think what's key also, yes, we want to move it around but shrinking the spread between the FIT and leisure, and we're accomplishing that also. So the leisure [indiscernible] has become pretty strong.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. Have the commissions changed there? I'm sorry, have the commissions changed?
James Joseph Murren: Have the commissions changed?
Corey I. Sanders: The commissions are still the same.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then my second question is renovation plans on some of the Tier 2 projects. You're attacking your biggest cash flow boxes. What are your thoughts on eventually getting to some of the others?
James Joseph Murren: I'm sorry, could you do that again, Harry?
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Yes. Your renovation plans, you're attacking the big boxes, now, your biggest cash flow generators. Do you have plans to renovate some of the Tier 2 properties?
James Joseph Murren: We do. You want to take that, Bobby or?
Robert H. Baldwin: Yes. Harry, we're -- as it relates to the mid-tier properties, we've just completed exercise, the exercise of master-planning the casino floors, in particular at Luxor and Excalibur and New York-New York. So we have lots of work going into 2012 and 2013 in the mid-tier properties, much of it in the public areas.
James Joseph Murren: And then the rooms, every -- we have, we go out about 10 years. So we know over the next 10 years, what we want to do in terms of room remodels. I think the one after the Grand, do we have that one?
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: It will be a combination of a couple of the core properties and maybe even the hotel at some point in time over the next 3, 4 years.
Robert H. Baldwin: Here's a spot tower here at Bellagio.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: Spot tower will be next year.
James Joseph Murren: Yes. So with the spot tower here at Bellagio, that's one that we only built the -- when did you finish that, Bobby, was it 2000...
Robert H. Baldwin: December '04.
James Joseph Murren: '04. We're going to work on that next year. We have some more work to do at Luxor and Excalibur. We started those room remodel programs, the hotel at Mandalay Bay. But there's a schedule so we can pace out the capital, we can pace out minimizing the amount of rooms out of service in any given time. But expect that this will be going on, on a continual basis.
Daniel J. D'Arrigo: And on the leisure, I just want to clarify, the luxury is a lot lower than the cores. And we continue to be able to move that mix around on the luxury where that's our main focus right now, and we're seeing that result.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Daniel P. Foley: Well, thank you all for participating and we're available for follow-up questions after the call.
James Joseph Murren: Thank you, bye bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-08 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jim Murren - Chairman and CEO Bobby Baldwin - Chief Design and Construction Officer and President and CEO of City Center Dan D'Arrigo - EVP, CFO, and Treasurer Grant Bowie - President, MGM Grand Paradise Ltd.  Corey Sanders - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Stephen Kent - Goldman Sachs Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Joe Greff - JP Morgan David Katz - Jefferies & Co. Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Bill Lerner - Union Gaming Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Robin Farley - UBS
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Resorts International second quarter 2011 conference call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, chairman and chief executive officer; Bobby Baldwin, chief design and construction officer of MGM Resorts International and president and CEO of City Center; and Dan D'Arrigo, executive vice president, chief financial officer, and treasurer.  [Operator instructions.] I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo.
Dan D'Arrigo: Well, thank you operator, and good afternoon and welcome to MGM Resort International's second quarter earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmresorts.com, and a replay of the call will be made available on the company's website. Just a short time ago we furnished our press release on form 8-K with the SEC and before turning the call over to Jim, I'd like to just read our Safe Harbor statement. On this call, we will make forward looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in these forward looking statements is contained in today's press release and our periodic filings with the SEC, including our most recent form 10-K and subsequent 10-Q filings.  During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures in talking about the company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our press release, which is available on our website. Finally, please note that this presentation is also being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim Murren. 
Jim Murren: Thank you Dan. And before we get going, I'd like to take a moment to remember our colleague, Terry Lanni. Terry was, of course, an iconic leader of our company, our community, and the industry, and he was a wonderful man. We're going to miss him very much. A personal friend of mine, and we wish his family, of course, all of our best wishes.  So just not too long ago, we reported a very solid second quarter. Importantly, for the first time since the downturn, the company experienced two consecutive sequential quarters of operational improvement. This, combined with very positive forward trends that we are currently seeing, leads us to believe that the signs of the recovery here in Las Vegas is consistent. We're going to see continued improvement as we move into the back half of this year and into 2012. Our adjusted EBITDA was $366 million, but that included a couple impacts I'd like to lay out for you. We were negatively impacted by hold, a mandatory closure of our Tunica casino, as well as our share of a writedown at City Center.  So to put numbers around that, the $366 million, you'd have to adjust for hold, which would have been an adjustment of $27 million. Tunica cost us $12 million, closing that for the quarter. Our share of the City Center residential was $26 million. RA actually held well, so that would go the other way, $9 million. So netting those out, the adjusted EBITDA would have been $422 million. It was a fine quarter for us.  The results were broad-based. We saw positive trends in both our luxury portfolio as well as the core brands, and really it came from all segments of our business, which again, I think, bodes well for the future. In the quarter MGM and our joint venture partner executed on an important long term goal to bring MGM China public on the Hong Kong exchange. We priced that deal at the high end of the range and Pansy and I are very gratified with the investor response that we got on the transaction. Grant and our operating team there continue to execute on their goals and they brought us another record quarter at MGM Macau, driven by improvements in just about every metric.  Back here in Las Vegas, I recall that on our last call we talked about a guidance of Strip RevPAR we thought would be up in the mid-single digits in the second quarter. We actually surpassed that goal and reported RevPAR up 10% due to a nice increase in short-term bookings and really strong demand across our portfolio. During the quarter we saw particular strength within the retail segment, or in other words, our FIT and leisure markets, and that led to additional increases in occupancy and in ADR. And in fact, June was surprisingly strong and was actually our biggest RevPAR growth month in the quarter, up in the low teens. Again, we see this as another indicator of a recovery here in the retail segment, which of course is very important to us. It represents the largest percentage of our rooms. On the casino side, casino revenues were up despite the low hold that I talked about. Our hold was below our normal range. We didn’t do as well as we have been doing for many quarters internationally. We didn't do well in April, but we had a really good quarter on our national rated play, second consecutive quarter growth there, and slots were up very nicely in the quarter. And in fact, over in Detroit, we had the best slot quarter in our history. We see these are more indicators of an improving domestic customer, which with our problem in our industry in 2008, 2009, and 2010, we're seeing strength in the national play, both on the table side and on the slots side. I think that has also something to do with the fact that our loyalty program M life has been rolling out with great momentum. If you'll recall, we launched that on the Strip here in January of this year, and we've seen a nice increase in our active players and in trips in the quarter. Promotional spend, by the way, is down as a percentage of revenue, largely due to more targeted marketing, more clever marketing from our perspective. We're excited about this because next month, in September, we roll out all the non-gaming elements of M life into our regional properties, and then in the following month, in October, we do the same thing here in Las Vegas. That will be the culmination of the full M life launch. And with this rollout, we believe we're going to see nice increases in the nongaming revenues against even what we've been doing thus far this year.  With that, I think I'll turn it over to Dan to get into a little more operational detail. 
Dan D'Arrigo: Thanks Jim. First, a few highlights from our operating results. Our wholly-owned domestic operations held approximately 1% lower, below the low end of our range this quarter. As Jim mentioned, had we held at the midpoint of our range, our EBITDA would have been higher by $27 million. Even still, our EBITDA margins at our wholly-owned Strip properties increased by 125 basis points to 22.4%.  The recovery is broad-based. Our luxury properties, despite the lower hold percentage, showed strong EBITDA improvement of 9% and our core properties were up 16% in the current quarter. We were impacted by the $12 million of the closure of Gold Strike Tunica. Our casino revenues were up 1% and excluding the impact of Tunica, it would have been up 3% in the quarter. Tunica is now back on track and performing well.  Moving on to Macau, we invested approximately $280 million when we opened MGM Macau in 2007, and have since received about $190 million in cash distributions to date. The IPO put a fair value on the equity of approximately $7.5 billion, valuing our share at almost $3.8 billion, resulting in a significant gain in the quarter and having a profound impact on our balance sheet by being able to consolidate this entity.  As a result of the consolidation, just to help you with modeling going forward, in the accounting adjustments depreciation and amortization expense will increase by approximately $85-95 million per quarter as a result of the accounting adjustments with the consolidation of Macau. Our balance sheet continues to improve, driven by the consolidation of Macau and the strengthening of our cash flows at our wholly-owned operations. Our leverage at June 30 pro forma for the consolidation of Macau is roughly eight times.  MGM China reported another record quarter with net revenues up 118% year over year to $668 million, and EBITDA was up 177% to $170 million, which was well above our forecast and our perspective. MGM Macau saw improvements across all major drivers in the quarter, including VIP volumes, up 110% to $22.4 billion, a 21% increase in our main floor table games drop to $544 million, and slot handle was up nicely, 76% to $862 million in the quarter.  At the end of the second quarter, MGM China had cash of $417 million, debt of $591 million, and a leverage of 1.4x, and that's before adjusting for any excess cash. This morning we were notified that the New Jersey Casino Control Commission voted unanimously to approve the extension of our control of the sale of our share of Borgata to March 2013, and the company will work through its sales process. Future updates will be provided in due course. Our second quarter capex was $48 million, bringing our year to date total to $83 million. We continue to expect to spend around $275 million in capital in 2011, which includes room remodel activity at both Bellagio and MGM Grand Las Vegas. Our properties continue to be in great condition, with several new restaurant, entertainment, and retail upgrades in process. Bellagio's room remodel program began on June 20 and will finish in time for the December holidays. We have already turned two floors and the new rooms are receiving great feedback from our customers. We expect we'll earn up to an approximately $30 per night rate premium once these new rooms come online.  Also at Bellagio, the build out of Hyde Lounge is underway, anticipated to be unveiled on New Year's Eve, and MGM Grand Las Vegas will begin its room remodel in September and we'll be opening its new room product to the public over the course of about a year. With that, I turn it over to Bobby Baldwin. 
Bobby Baldwin: Thanks Dan, and good afternoon. We're extremely pleased with the results of all of the City Center, as we continue to solidify City Center as one of the premier luxury destinations in Las Vegas. City Center resort operations reported net revenues of $275 million, and adjusted EBITDA of $64 million in the second quarter. Aria was designed to be an elite high-end resort, and we're living up to that promise. Second quarter EBITDA for Aria was $53 million on record revenues of $233 million. Aria EBITDA benefited by approximately $18 million due to high hold percentage in the second quarter.  Operating results were driven by a 90% hotel occupancy, the highest RevPAR since opening of $181, and strong table games volumes and its best slot quarter ever. One of the factors driving occupancy and ADRs continued growth in the convention segment, thanks to our world-class convention facilities. The Aria is seeing increased bookings in 2011 and beyond. Aria's Sky Suites was recently recognized by AAA as one of America's most luxurious accommodations by receiving to coveted Five Diamond Award as its own hotel experience within Aria. We're now proud to be the recipients of two Five Star hotel awards at Aria. Vdara has established itself as an intimate nonsmoking, nongaming boutique hotel, and has been extremely well received by our guests. Vdara has increased rate and occupancy in the quarter and now has approximately 1,300 hotel rooms online. Vdara posted its best quarter since opening at $5 million in the second quarter. Vdara recently received the AAA Four Diamond rating recognizing our commitment to enhanced quality, high level of service, and attention to detail at Vdara. Crystals second quarter EBITDA was $6 million versus $2 million in the second quarter of 2010. Same-store sales were up 24% year over year, maintaining its position as the second highest sales per square foot in the Las Vegas market. 87% of Crystals is currently under lease. The Jimmy Choo just opened this month and Dolce Gabbana's men's and women's stores are scheduled to open early in January 2012.  Residential sales pace continues to be slow. However, we're having a great deal of success in the leasing program to people with the residential component of City Center. To date, we've leased 346 units and will produce total annual lease income of around $8 million. And with that, I'll send it back to you Mr. Murren. 
Jim Murren: Well, thank you Bobby. We made a lot of strides in the second quarter. We're pleased with that, but we recognize we've got some more work to do. I want to give you a little bit of insight as to what we see happening here in Las Vegas for the summer and into the fall, and it's a good story. Our booking pace is so far up quite nicely for the summer, and really throughout the fall period as well. We expect RevPAR in the third quarter here in the Las Vegas strip to be up around 10%. We're particularly encouraged, in terms of the second half of the year, on our convention calendar, most notably the months of September and October. They were exceptionally strong. And in fact the third quarter convention mix is expected to be up about 300 basis points over last year's mix. The event calendar is also strong. The back half of this year is better than the first half, led by, in this quarter, an important fight, the Mayweather fight, in September. And then there's the Pacquiao fight in November, along with some really  We've been up in profitability throughout the first half of the year, and based on the booking trends that we see in our forecast we expect that this trend will continue throughout the year. We believe we've positioned ourselves to take full advantage of the Las Vegas recovery. We're seeing results in both strong RevPAR and in customer spend now and in casino volumes. We've been very diligent in keeping our costs in line. We'll continue to do that, and we expect therefore to be able to drive this revenue growth to the bottom line. Over in Asia, we worked with Grant and the team. The Macau team's doing a tremendous job, not only in the existing property, but on our plans in Cotai. We're very excited with our progress there.  We've been working with the government to have our land concession issued, and while there's no specific date at this point for that land grant issuance, we are hopeful that we can secure that approval in the near future. In the meantime, we've been working overtime on our internal development work and permitting with the agencies there.  We've also looked at other expansion opportunities within the exiting MGM property in Macau and throughout the SAR. We are expanding further in Asia with our hospitality division and they're bringing the first hotel online literally this year in Sanya in Hainan Island. The MGM Grand will open.  The owner there is [Copco] and it will be the first of many hotels we expect to have throughout China in cities such as Beijing, Chengdu, Tianjin, Nanjing, among many others in the region. We expect to have multiple properties there over the coming years as we continue to expand our portfolio, not only here domestically but overseas.  We want to make sure that we have plenty of time for your questions, which we have done so, and so I think at this point I'll turn it over to the operator for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question will come from the line of Stephen Kent with Goldman Sachs. 
Stephen Kent - Goldman Sachs: A couple things. Just on the hold percentage, maybe if you could give us a little more color on that, away from just the usual that we played unlucky or we played lucky. Was there any shifting of customers from your properties to other properties? That's my first question.  The second question is you mentioned, I think Jim in your commentary, that casino and restaurant spends are increasing. Maybe if you could give some color on that to show the vibrancy of the North American consumer and sort of give us a sense for what's going on there.  And then finally, given what's going on in the market and given some what appears to be expectations of a slowing economic environment, could you revisit your ability to cut expenses or to do things if in fact your forecast, our forecast, doesn't turn out to be the way it's looking. 
Jim Murren: Okay, that's a mouthful there Steve. We'll try to hit them all. But if we miss something let us know. I'll take the casino side, your first question. We had a poor April. We just didn’t hold well at all in April. Plus, in the very rarefied area of high-end, customers do move around, and we pick up more than our share and we lose share. So in that month we didn’t do as well as we'd like.  May, June, July we've been up, and in fact we're having a very solid time of the high-end internationally. Internationally, as you know, was strong for us throughout even the recession, and I do not believe we've lost any permanent share. We did not have a good April, but that happens. And I think some of those customers that beat us are back and we're getting even.  From a standpoint of cutting expenses, I'll go to your last question and then while I try to find some examples of what you're looking for. We always are doing that. Our payroll is pretty flat. Expenses are up a little bit, but in terms of salaries, bonus accruals, the culinary contract, but in terms of any major cost savings beyond what we accomplished early and effectively, I don't anticipate seeing anything significant.  Every year we look to take costs out of our business. We do that in the January-February period as we get into a year. We'll do that again, but at this point we're showing margin growth, we're seeing good occupancy, great occupancy, across our portfolios. Our food covers are up. Our retail sales in most every venue is up. Slot revenue is up. And so I don’t see a need or even an opportunity to cut costs when our revenues are building. 
Dan D'Arrigo: On your middle question, I think it was related to kind of how do we see the domestic spend, and I think one of the key points we track is we look at our net RevPAR and excluding our casino and hotel business, so picking up all the other lines, we're up almost 3% in the quarter, which speaks to our food and beverage, our entertainment offerings, and night life offerings. And that's been a nice data point here in the quarter year over year. 
Stephen Kent - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. That's exactly what I was looking for. 
Jim Murren: Yeah, so I'm looking at the food and beverage numbers. Up. Entertainment's up. Retail sales were up at Via Bellagio. They were tremendous. And also, Bobby, did you mention on Crystals - I think you did - that same-store sales, the retail, up 24%. And we're seeing those trends continue in the summer. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. 
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America: I just wanted to start with Las Vegas. If you could give us a little bit more color on the slot business, it looks like you actually did quite well there and it looks like you probabilities actually gained a little bit of market share relative to the Strip. So could you give us a sense of maybe what you're doing? Is that kind of M life rolling into the results? And how sustainable do you think that is?
Jim Murren: Maybe I'll start and then turn it over to anyone who can jump in. M life just really began, and I think that is having an impact. I think the far bigger impact will be next year. I think the slot increases are a function of a few things. One, overall general improvement in the customer that's coming to Las Vegas. We're seeing across the board improvements in RevPAR, total revenue per occupied room. That translates well on the slot side.  The mix has improved in terms of the room mix, so as we're driving more productive customers through the buildings we're seeing higher slot revenue. The marketing we're doing, packaging rooms with entertainment, has been very effective. M life definitely has had an impact on that.  And one of the programs we did with M life as an example is we made all of our employees, and we have 62,000 of them, we made them M life insiders. And what they can do now is with their employee IDs is help book rooms for their friends and themselves, customers, family members. We're seeing an impact in terms of hotel reservations and gaming and nongaming revenue an as a result of that. So I think it's a function of a variety of things. I think we're just really scratching the surface on the M life side though. 
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America: And then my second question was really primary related to Macau. I know there's some operational improvements that are expected to come online there, particularly on some of the direct VIP side. So could you give us an update - or maybe Grant could, if he's on - about what the timing around some of that is? And then for Dan, on the same note, just the balance sheet in MGM Macau obviously looks like it has some room there. I know some competitors have done some refinancing activity there. So what you might be able to do on that front. That would be helpful. 
Jim Murren: Great. I'll turn it over to Grant. I think it's about five in the morning there. Grant, are you with us? 
Grant Bowie: Sorry, let me just wake up. Yes, thank you. 
Jim Murren: Okay. So some of the improvements on the Macau property? 
Grant Bowie: I guess the first point, we opened the Platinum Lounge, which is part of the main floor operation. That comes on, the first phase, in August, in fact the end of next week. That will be completed before the National Day holiday. The upgrade for the in house VIP customers is now looking like it's going to unfortunately miss the National Day holiday, but we do have gaming capacity to cover that in late October, early November. So we're looking for a really strong stream of additional capacity coming online, and the market's still looking good for us. 
Dan D'Arrigo: And Shaun, on your Macau balance sheet question, we believe there is an opportunity there to take a look at the markets. The good news is as I mentioned earlier, they're less than 1.4x leveraged. So we are going to look at a new financing opportunity there, which will most likely involve bringing down the cost of that debt and maybe adding some capacity and preparing for our Cotai development plan. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Joe Greff with JP Morgan. 
Joe Greff - JP Morgan: When you look backwards at the second quarter, and you look at the different segments on the Las Vegas Strip, what's the ADR delta between the group and the FIT, the leisure segment? And then when you look at the third quarter, fourth quarter, or recently booked 2012 plus group bookings, is there any slowdown in the pace of ADR improvement? 
Jim Murren: We're digging in to look at that. The delta has remained the same between the convention and the leisure, I know that. And in all cases, it's been moving up. 
Dan D'Arrigo: It's really been a pace story in the second quarter Joe. Our convention business is relatively flat year over year in terms of the room mix, and we've really seen a nice pickup, as Jim mentioned earlier, in the retail and leisure channels, and that's given us the ability to price up as well. 
Jim Murren: Yeah, and I think your second part of the question was on [paids]? Is that right Joe? 
Joe Greff - JP Morgan: Yes, if you look at [paids] now versus [paids] a quarter ago, and you look at the rate on an individual rooms basis. 
Jim Murren: Well, you know, [paids] is up. We're going to be up all year. It looks like we're up all year in [paids]. We gave you the RevPAR guidance for the third quarter. That's the highest number we've given as a forecast since 2007 I think. We had a good pop in the first quarter, but that was a recovery quarter. But we're getting good, strong growth in all the segments. I think on the convention side, we're going to be up in rate again in 2012. I don't think we've given a number but it will be up a healthy rate in 2012. And the leisure, meaning the FIT and the leisure segment, the retail segment has been what drove the second quarter and what's driving our confidence in the third quarter. We're seeing the same kind of growth in rate of the convention block as we are in the leisure block.  
Operator:  Our next question will come from the line of David Katz with Jefferies & Co.
David Katz - Jefferies & Co.: I think in the commentary, and the release, in Macau specifically, it says that the hold percentage was slightly higher than the normal range. Did you quantify for us what that benefit was, or was that included? I thought the $27 million was a number that was really just related to domestic wholly-owned. 
Dan D'Arrigo: The $27 million was purely domestic, wholly-owned. And the important VIP segment was about 3.1% in the quarter. So slightly above the normal range for Macau. 
David Katz - Jefferies & Co.: Got it. And then just a different question. It does feel, to some degree, as though there's kind of an elephant in the room, and there has been for us with other earnings calls, and this is not the type of question I would normally ask. But we have had an unusual 10 days, and have you observed or perceived anything over the past 10 days that's an observable change in mood, customer behavior, or anything like that? And how'd the weekend go? [laughter]
Jim Murren: Well, I'm not surprised we're getting the question given what's going on in the markets. First off, the weekend was packed here. My wife's out of town, so I was on the Strip quite a bit this weekend. I had dinner with Bobby Baldwin, and went to a Don Henley concert we had for our best customers. There has been one discernible change, and that is - I saw it this morning when I was working out in the gym here. The gym was packed. That's the good news. The change is that everyone was watching CNBC and Bloomberg. Usually there are a few other channels on all the TV monitors. But they were almost exclusively financial. And even the nonfinancial ones they had the Dow in the corner of the Weather Channel and just about everywhere else. So honestly, we've been looking at this very carefully. We've seen zero impact to our call center. We've had no change in our cancellation activity at all. We're having a very strong August in terms of occupancy. Great weekend trends. And I know it's important to you, but in the real world, living, watching people come to Las Vegas here, there's been no change at all. 
David Katz - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. Very helpful. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Janet Brashear with Sanford C. Bernstein. 
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein: I have a question for Grant, since we've already woken him up here. As you look at July, your share had a little bit of a setback in Macau from 11% roughly to about 8% roughly. I'm wondering maybe what you think the drivers of that were. Was it a delayed impact from the Galaxy opening? And what level of share do you think might be sustainable going forward? And then part two to the question, your margins came up quite a bit, and are getting stronger in Macau, but they're still fairly low for the market, and in the past you've said you can ramp those higher. What's the potential for margins in Macau? 
Grant Bowie: For the first question, July was really a pure hold issue. Volumes actually were quite strong, and we were pacing the market growth. And by foot traffic and hotel occupancy we're trending upwards. And in terms of the margin issue, I think if you look on a unitized basis, by revenue stream, our margins are actually already getting into the zone. There are some unique characteristics between the different operators that create different trends.  So yes, we're obviously very focused on moving those margins up. At this point in time, I'm not going to commit myself absolutely to where they will sit, but as you're aware, we've continued to look for productivity and performance improvements. In terms of sustainable share, with the opening of the Galaxy, our fair share, the whole market has come down to about 8 point something percent. But we still see ourselves the opportunity to rise above that. And we're still looking at the double-digit opportunity there. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : Wondering if you could just share with us what your cash ADR was in the quarter, and what that change was year over year. 
Jim Murren: All right. We're looking for it. Give us another question while we find it, okay. 
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : Sure. Next one is just Bobby, at Aria, if you back out the benefit of holds, the property was just lower than what we were looking for in the run rate that we've been expecting. So just wondering can you just give us some color specifically about what happened in the quarter and how we should think over the rest of the year at that property? 
Bobby Baldwin: Well, the weakest component, of course, is the entertainment policy with the show, and that's something that the entire company's addressing, with Cirque du Soleil and our partners at TKX, the people that own the right to Elvis. Other than the weakness in the show, we actually had pretty reasonable performance in the quarter. The whole percentage moves around, and we were the beneficiary of an $18 million hold. We think that Aria should have done a little bit better in the quarter, but we were still happy with the progress year to date, and comparing to, of course, 2010. I can't cite any particular weakness other than the entertainment. Slots and hotel both were up nicely. And so were the food and beverage. 
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : Okay. So for the show, I guess there's just lots of aspects to that. It's just the actual ticket sales, the traffic that it brings in. Is that what you're alluding to? 
Bobby Baldwin: Yes. The show's only about half occupied, and we can do a lot better than that. We're going to have to make some modifications to the show. And those are in the works. But a good strong show like an "O" show, or a "Love" show should contribute as much as $40-50 million in EBITDA, and we have virtually no contribution at Aria since that show opened. We lose a little money directly with the show, but we lose even more money because we only get about half as much traffic as we should get with the Elvis show. So that's $10 million a quarter, and Jim and I and others, and Mr. MacBeth, will work with Cirque du Soleil to improve that. 
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : And then can you just tell us where at that property - because you said slots are okay - where you are in terms of win per slot per day at Aria maybe versus Bellagio? 
Bobby Baldwin: In just a moment. If you have your answer, Jim, I'll… 
Jim Murren: We're going to have to get a separate analyst for you, Felicia. 
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : That would be helpful. [laughter]
Jim Murren: We're trying to dig out the cash ADR. We don't have it right in front of us right now. 
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : Do you have the win per unit per day at Aria? 
Bobby Baldwin: That's up quite a bit. They're going to get it right now, but it was up pretty dramatically. 
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : Okay. If I can get Grant for a second if I may? Hi Grant. I'm just wondering if you can talk a little bit about what you're seeing competitively on the VIP side. As we all know, a major competitor is trying to bolster their presence on the VIP part of the market, and I'm just wondering if you've heard anything from your major junkets that might indicate that there's more attractive deals to be had on Cotai. 
Grant Bowie: No, I think the general strength of the market has continued. There's still, obviously, a lot of talk from most of the operators of additional openings. We also have additional capacity coming on board with one of our principal operators. The key issue is liquidity still seems to be strong. There seems to be certainly enough business for all of us to achieve the sorts of outcomes we've been looking at and if you look at the market growth, July, that would tend to bear out. There's always cost pressures. Junket operators are always looking for opportunities, but I think generally the market is pretty stable in terms of that. 
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : That's great to hear. 
Jim Murren: All right. We have your other numbers, Felicia. You want those? 
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : I would love them. 
Bobby Baldwin: Win per unit in slots at Aria is up 9.4%. It's $206 versus $188 a year ago. 
Jim Murren: And the comp rate was flat year over year, so all the ADR increase we got was on cash. 
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : Fantastic. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bill Lerner with Union Gaming. 
Bill Lerner - Union Gaming: A couple questions. One, you talked about a third quarter, 300 basis point increase in the mix towards convention. What has the premium been in convention versus the rest of your segments. I know you talked about 10% in aggregate for guidance, if you will, in RevPAR, but I'm just curious what that premium is. And then I have a followup. 
Jim Murren: Well, as you know, the third quarter is the smallest quarter of the year from a convention mix perspective. I think last year we were like 9% or something like that, convention mix? This year we were 12.5-13%. And the delta is, what you're doing is you're replacing the leisure customer with the convention customer. So that's the best delta in rate relative to the whole mix. And it's been running on average, I think it was about $40-60 depending on the month. 
Bill Lerner - Union Gaming: That's $40-60 in rate premium for those comparatively for that segment, right? 
Jim Murren: That's right. Because it's coming all out of the leisure segment. The FIT segment's up, casino's pretty flat. So when we can drive a lot of casino mix in the third quarter, which we typically do not do, it's coming out of the leisure segment in the third quarter. 
Bill Lerner - Union Gaming: And then the followup, just back to M life for a second. And it's probably too early, but maybe you just can help us generally. 7% growth in slot revenue in Vegas. I'm not sure what your hold was there, but assuming that part of your gaming business was normal, how much of that 7% can you attribute to M life? We don’t know, obviously, the June numbers for the Strip yet, but I suspect that that's better than the Strip. 
Jim Murren: Well, a few things on M life in the quarter. Our database, active players, people that have been activated in our database, went up 12% versus before we launched M life. So year over year we're up 12%. The average number of trips per year has increased 4% on those customers that I'm talking about.  We've seen quite a bit of tier migration. As you know, we have a tiered program finally, and that's working. We were up double-digits in growth of people moving up the tiers. And that has had a particular impact on slot handle and win. In the second quarter alone, we added 500,000 new customers to M life. And so we're up in total enrollment this year by about 1.5 million.  And in terms of the average trips being up, we're seeing more consistency in the nongaming spend as well. So M life is certainly working. It's just early days still. And I think once we can turn on the nongaming components of that, which we will in the regionals next month and here in October, that's going to have a bigger impact.  One other thing I wanted to mention, we're talking about conventions and the mix, is in the Mirage, which has been around for a while, in terms of looking at booking trends, it had its biggest booking month in three years in the month of July. So in terms of booking new business, getting back to an earlier question, we're seeing booking trends, if anything, have not fallen, certainly not in July, not here in August. But we're seeing it accelerate in some of our properties.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mark Strawn with Morgan Stanley. 
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley: Could you guys talk a little bit about maybe how the volatility in the market has altered your capital raising plans at all? I know you guys had talked previously about having enough liquidity through 2012, and also maybe how the cash that you have in Macau and the free cash flow that you're going to generate going forward maybe kind of fits into that equation? 
Jim Murren: Well, I think we would have to be pleased with the progress we made when we made it. We haven't anticipated being in the capital markets this year. Certainly it seems highly unlikely now given the disruption of value that we've seen in the last few weeks, but we never envisioned being in the markets anyway.  I think Dan's going to be working on the bank side, which he alluded to, but in terms of the debt or equity markets, I don't think you'll see anything, pretty confidently, nothing from us. We don't have to be. We mentioned that last quarter, and we certainly don’t expect to be.  From the standpoint of cash, Grant and the team have done such a wonderful job in Macau. Dan mentioned we've already brought back $190 million of cash from a very underleveraged joint venture, which we now own 51% of. That certainly has a future opportunity for us from a capital raise standpoint should we choose to.  From the standpoint of looking forward, our job here is to continue to grow our property cash flows, which as I said, we believe will be up all year. We have a defined capital expenditure program, and we know what our interest is. So we'll be generating free cash. Combine that with what we're doing out of Macau, and the fact that we have quite a bit of cash in New Jersey, which we will get when we ultimately sell our interest in Borgata.  We have many tools at our disposal to continue to deleverage, which is a goal. As Dan said, now that we consolidate Macau, our leverage at the end of the quarter was eight times. That's far lower than it was only a couple years ago. And our goal is to get that down under six times over the next couple of years, under five times over the next three or four years, as we continue to deleverage the company. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura Securities. 
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities: Just to drill down a little bit further in the booking pace, you mentioned that it was pretty strong still for July, and so far in August. Does that also apply to the booking pace as you look out into 2012? 
Jim Murren: It does, but obviously it's a lot less information when we go out that far. 
Corey Sanders: If we go out to 2012, we're focused on the convention calendar more. We go out about 4 to 5 months on the whole retail convention/casino. So we have a much better idea of total pace for those segments 4 to 5 months out. 
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities: So for 2012, just drilling into the convention piece of it, how fully booked are you relative to your expectations on the convention piece for 2012? 
Jim Murren: Well, we're ahead of this year, that's for sure, where we were, and at Mandalay Bay, I think that's their big convention… 
Corey Sanders: The first four months is virtually sold out, and [inaudible] doesn't have any space, more or less, to really book any large piece of business at Mandalay. So our goal, as it is every year, is by the time we get into fall, the October-November time period, is to have about 80% of our convention room nights on the books going into the following year. And we feel pretty good right now that we're going to achieve, maybe even exceed that goal. I think Aria is even pacing ahead of that in terms of 2012, this early in the game. And our convention folks are pretty excited about the way '13 and '14 are actually shaping up. So there's many more conversations today with the meeting planners on multiyear contracts, and that's pretty encouraging as you look out over the next couple of years. 
Jim Murren: Bobby, what do you see over at… 
Bobby Baldwin: We actually have 68% of the rooms booked for 2012, which is, as Dan pointed out, ahead of the pace we would normally expect. And much better than last year. 
Corey Sanders: And the quality is improving dramatically in terms of types of shows. When you look at 18 months ago, the books were wide open, and we were just basically penciling anyone and everyone in. The quality of events are improving, and the spend around those events is getting better.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Two questions on Macau. First, you talked about on Cotai that you're doing design work and permitting. I guess what's your timeframe in terms of being ready to break ground if you did get approval tomorrow. I'm just trying to get a sense of the timing and what are really the gating issues here. 
Jim Murren: The gating issue is the government from that standpoint. We are prepared as soon as we get approval, which we expect, to start moving dirt immediately, and clearing the site. 
Robin Farley - UBS: And so then, in theory, what would your opening date be if you got approval tomorrow? 
Jim Murren: Grant, it hasn't changed since our IPO road show. We said it would take about three years to build it, right? 
Grant Bowie: Correct. 
Robin Farley - UBS: So it will be three years from whenever that approval comes. Okay. And then also I don't know if you've really said much more, certainly not on this call, on what kind of dividend payout may be likely from there now that it's consolidated. Just kind of what your thoughts are on a dividend from MGM China, back to you. 
Jim Murren: Well, we haven’t said. We've been opportunistic in the past on that. The board would have to opine on that. The next board meeting is August 19, so I'm sure that will be a topic of discussion. But we haven't made that determination at this point. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Is there anything sort of philosophically that you can share? 
Jim Murren: Well, philosophically, we have an underleveraged asset today that's generating great return, but we want to grow that company nicely in Macau, and Taiwan too should that be a possibility. So I would say that there'll be an opportunity for both dividends to shareholders and growing in Macau, and I think that the future holds, for both of them. But in terms of whether we're going to do periodic distributions or quarterly distributions, we're not prepared to discuss it at this time. We need to discuss that with our board.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Larry [Katzen] with [Katzen] Advisors.
Larry [Katzen] - [Katzen] Advisors: A couple things. Jim, [inaudible] I see that you made a little bit of money this quarter. 2012, with hotels starting to open up, what can we see '12 and '13 as far as the acceleration of that income stream? 
Jim Murren: Well, in the management side, the ramp up begins, really, when we open up in Sanya, and we'll have that all for next year. And then moving into another hotel, we'll have at least one, maybe two other hotels next year. So it doesn't become substantial until we get into 2013 and 2014. Then if you're referring to the fees we're taking from MGM China, that's a different calculation. That's part of the China prospectus. But in general we expect the whole enterprise to be generating north of $50 million a year within the next few years getting into the $100 million range five plus years out. 
Larry [Katzen] - [Katzen] Advisors: And the leased residential, can you divide that up, Bobby, around which buildings you've leased out and what you have left that are not being used right now? 
Jim Murren: I have the number here. Tell me if this is right, Bobby. I think Mandarin Oriental there are 225 units there. We sold 62 of them, and we've leased 98 of them. So we have 65 left in the inventory. Over at [inaudible] we have what, 669 units? That's the number you have. We've sold 225 of those, leased 241 of those, which means we have 202 remaining. And of course as you know, we're fully opening Vdara as a hotel, and we had a good quarter out of Vdara right there. 
Larry [Katzen] - [Katzen] Advisors: And then the last thing, Atlantic City. You just got that extension. You have people in there looking at this point? Or is kind of nothing going on given the economy and now you have extra time? 
Jim Murren: Well, we actually have been talking pretty consistently with a couple groups. This obviously changes the dynamic of the conversation a little bit. Gives us more time. Puts us in a stronger position than we were, say, a couple months ago. We'll see how we do. I think we'll do pretty well there. 
Operator: At this time, sir, there are no more questions. Do you have any closing remarks?
Jim Murren: Well, I appreciate you taking the time today given what's going on in the broader markets. We're pleased with how we did, but we know we've got more work to do here, and we look forward to answering any questions you may have. And thank you for participating.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-03-21 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Murren – Chairman and CEO Dan D’Arrigo – EVP and CFO Bobby Baldwin – Chief Design and Construction Officer, MGM MIRAGE & President and CEO, CityCenter
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs David Katz – Oppenheimer Joe Greff – JPMorgan Bill Lerner – Deutsche Bank Robin Farley – UBS
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the MGM MIRAGE Fourth Quarter Conference Call. Joining the call from the company today are Jim Murren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bobby Baldwin, Chief Design and Construction Officer of MGM MIRAGE and President and CEO of CityCenter; Jeremy Jacobs, Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Secretary; Aldo Manzini, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer; and Bob Selwood, Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Participants are now in a listen-only mode. After the company’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D’Arrigo.
Dan D’Arrigo: (inaudible) we’re getting some background noise there. Is it possible to look into that real quick before we get started? Well, good afternoon and welcome to MGM MIRAGE fourth quarter earnings call. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgmmirage.com and at www.companyboardroom.com. A replay of the call will be made available on our website. We furnished our press release on form 8-K to the SEC this afternoon. Additional information was posted to our website, which gives significant detail behind the numbers included in this release. Information we present on this call may contain forward-looking statements as defined by the SEC. Such forward-looking statements are protected by the Safe Harbor amendments of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ material from – materially from estimates. Listeners should also refer to our disclosures about risks and uncertainties made in our filings with the SEC. I’ll now turn it over to Jim Murren.
Jim Murren: Well, thanks Dan and good afternoon everyone. As you know, we are reporting later than as typical, but the added time I think was well spent as we’ve achieved a sought-after amendment. So, first I want to address our liquidity situation. I’ll be succinct, but we’ll fully cover what we are able to disclose at this time. For further detail, I would refer you to our earnings release and the 10-K, which as Dan mentioned, we filed earlier this afternoon. We will not be addressing these items further in the Q&A portion of the call. As discussed in the release and in our 10-K, we obtained an amendment providing for a waiver of the requirement to comply with our financial covenants under the senior credit facility through May 15th of this year. Under the terms of that amendment, we paid – repaid $300 million outstanding under the senior credit facility. This amount is not available to be drawn upon without the consent of our lenders. And as we have previously disclosed, in February we had drawn the remaining availability, which was $842 million under that facility. The amendment that we signed restricts us from repaying or repurchasing our long-term debt and limits our ability currently to sell assets. But importantly, we have not provided any collateral to obtain the short-term waiver. And the fees and the rate increase of 100 basis points, we believe are reasonable. Also of note, we will be able to continue to make our required equity contributions to CityCenter during this period. We are very pleased that our lenders have worked with us to obtain this waiver and amendment. It is just the first step, but an important step towards developing a comprehensive long-term solution to our liquidity issues. Following the expiration of the waiver, we will be subject to an event of default under our senior credit facility if we are not in compliance with our financial covenants as of March 31 of this year. And in the event of such default, our lenders could take several actions including demanding immediate repayment of all our outstanding borrowings. So, we intend to work with our lenders during the next two months to address these issues. But we can provide no assurance that we would be able to secure additional covenant release. We’ve also retained the services of outside advisors to assist us in implementing plans to address our liquidity issues. We’ll talk about that more in a while, but we are evaluating several possibilities including raising additional debt and/or equity capital, modifying or extending our long-term debt, and disposing of certain assets. We are considering all of our options and are committed to finding the best possible solution. However, we can provide no assurance that we will be successful in achieving our objectives given the situation and all the variables involved. I want to take some time to talk about our operations in current market conditions. First, let’s talk about Las Vegas. It’s really still unclear when things are going to turn around here as the overall market is under pressure. However, you should know that Las Vegas is still welcoming millions of visitors every month and we expect that close to 35 million visitors will choose Las Vegas as their vacation and business destination of choice this year. And particularly, as Las Vegas demonstrates, obviously a clear value proposition. We at MGM MIRAGE are able to maintain occupancies in the 80% to 90% range, which we believe to be impressive in this marketplace. Although we’ve had a lower rate significantly and we do expect RevPAR in the first quarter to be down year-over-year to even a greater extent than it was in the fourth quarter. On the convention side, we are expecting room convention nights to be lower this year in 2009, but because of the unpredictability in the convention market, it’s very difficult to project how much we will be down. We did experience significant group cancellations in December and January, but we have recently begun to see fewer cancellations in the more recent periods. And our attrition rates though are still above normal and we do think therefore 2009 will remain a challenging year for the group business. With regards to our transient and leisure booking pace, over the past nine weeks we have seen a significant pickup in booking pace, with most of this being greater than 30 days out and at discounted rates. We are now booking between 150,000 and 175,000 room nights a week, which is up nicely from earlier this year. We also know that events continue to volume and our event calendar is strong through the second and third quarters. And we are also very proud of Bellagio. It continues to be the market leader in Las Vegas and the profit leader in Las Vegas. Property EBITDA, as you saw in the fourth quarter, was $77 million, and that came in at $391 million for the full year. We have no doubt that our resorts continue to increase market share here in Las Vegas. Regarding Las Vegas as a convention destination, I believe Las Vegas certainly has had an unfair shake in the media recently. This has been discussed before. Las Vegas really should be the first choice of business and we are actively getting that message out. The value proposition is undeniable with less expensive rooms and the largest room base among the convention destinations and we have tremendous airline access and reasonable fares. There is also strong evidence supporting better attendance and success for conventions and business meetings that are held here in Las Vegas. Two final points on that topic, one related to Las Vegas and one to us at MGM. Compared to other convention and vacation destinations, Las Vegas visitor volume seems to holding up actually rather well. And the large portion of our convention business at MGM MIRAGE, particularly at Mandalay Bay are large trade shows, not as much the corporate incentive business and the trade business is down only slightly. Finally, as it relates to operations, I’d like to move out of Las Vegas into Michigan and Mississippi. The regional markets, obviously, are holding up better than the Las Vegas strip and they did so in the fourth quarter. Those trends are continuing here into the first quarter. As an example, gaming revenues in the Detroit market were down about 6% in January, Mississippi revenues were down less than 2%. Our market share is extremely strong in both of those markets given the quality of our resorts. In Detroit for example, we continue to capture over 40% of that market. We’ve made good progress regarding the Treasure Island sale and I want to update you on that. The sale is expected to close literally within the next week or so, which is obviously accelerated from our previous expectation. We had given guidance hoping we’d close the transaction in the second quarter. Looks like we’ll close it in the next week or two. We and Phil Ruffin, the buyer of Treasure Island, have had our transition teams working very hard toward a very orderly turnover and we believe that customers should see no impact at all from this transaction. We also, this month, entered into an amendment to the purchase agreement, which extends the maturity of the $175 million note from two years to three years at Mr. Ruffin’s option and also provides Mr. Ruffin the opportunity to pay us all of our proceeds back by April 30th with a $20 million discount. So in other words, we are going to receive $500 million cash. As you recall, $100 million comes within six months, now $175 million can come within three years, but if Mr. Ruffin chooses to repay us by April 30th, we will receive all of those proceeds, the now $255 million by April 30th. Finally, on CityCenter, we remain very, very focused on the opening of this landmark project at the end of this year. We and our partners each have just under $500 million left of remaining equity and that will take us to June when construction expenditures will begin to be funded by CityCenter’s $1.8 billion credit facility. We have started taking reservations for CityCenter’s hotels and have started the hiring process of over 10,000 employees, which will be lifeblood of CityCenter. And of course, Bobby will provide you a full update in his remarks today. So with that, I’ll turn it over to Dan to review the quarter a bit more and a further discussion on our liquidity and our financial position.
Dan D’Arrigo: Thank you, Jim. Let me first start out by discussing our fourth quarter results. Trends impacting the Las Vegas market related to the global recession, which were present through 2008, but particularly after the credit crisis in the fall continued during the fourth quarter. The release outlines various items that impacted comparability for the fourth quarter. Excluding these items, EPS for the fourth quarter would have been a loss per share of $0.11 compared to earnings per share of $0.41 in the prior year’s quarter. Our property EBITDA was down approximately 41% quarter-over-quarter on a comparable basis with the margin up 22% this year compared to 31% last year. Particularly interesting to note is the fact that our whole percentage was materially lower in the 2008 fourth quarter with an estimated impact of $0.05 per share. Also, our bad debt expense was approximately $32 million compared to $7 million in the 2007 quarter, an impact of $0.06 per share. Combined, these two items impacted our year-over-year property EBITDA by approximately $45 million to $50 million quarter-over-quarter. Our operating results benefited from a decrease in corporate expense, $26 million, compared to $53 million in the prior-year quarter as we continue to reduce corporate cost including lower incentive pay year-over-year. A few other items of note. MGM Macau earned EBITDA of $17 million during the fourth quarter of 2008. Our share of depreciation expense or in this case, operating income from that joint venture is well outlined and we provided all of the details in the release. Remember, our share from our unconsolidated affiliates in our EBITDA line is 50% of operating income net of depreciation expense. In the fourth quarter, our gross interest expense was $213 million with capitalized interest of approximately $44 million for a net interest expense of $169 million, slightly higher than the prior-year quarter. For the full year of 2008, we generated net revenues of $7.2 billion and earned property EBITDA for the full year of $2 billion, a decrease of 20% on a comparable basis. And as Jim mentioned earlier, to note, Bellagio had an extremely strong performance in a difficult environment, producing $391 million in property EBITDA for the year. As it relates to our cost savings initiative, we continue to develop strategies to further reduce our cost structure. So far this year we have identified an additional $140 million in new cost savings, opportunities mostly related to payroll and procurement. In total, this brings our projected cost savings since we started our initiative in October of 2007, to approximately $700 million, of which we recognized $300 million in 2008 and expect an additional $400 million in 2009, a large portion of which is sustainable even when revenues improved in a more normal economic environment. Now, I’ll turn to a discussion of our liquidity and financial position. As discussed in the release, we completed various transactions to help our liquidity and financial positions during the fourth quarter. In repurchasing $345 million of base amount of outstanding senior notes at a purchase price of $263 million and as Jim outlined, our efforts to address our liquidity needs continue. Our primary obligations in 2009 include approximately $1 billion of senior notes due in 2009, $226 million of which are due in July, and approximately $829 million in October after our recent debt repurchases – open market repurchases in the fourth quarter. Our remaining required equity contributions to CityCenter are approximately $700 million as of December 31st and now, approximately $500 million as both we and Dubai have made additional scheduled contributions already in 2009. We have approximately $200 million of planned capital maintenance expenditures this year plus our interest payments and cash taxes. Our source to the funds to meet these obligations include in excess of $900 million in cash and potential availability under our senior credit facility; the proceeds from the sale of TI of at least $600 million, but that could be more as Jim pointed out, if Mr. Ruffin decides to pass earlier by the April 30th deadline; and our cash flows from operations. Now, I’ll give you some details on what we are currently forecasting for certain of our items to help your modeling purposes here on the first quarter. Our total stock compensation is estimated to be approximately $10 million in the quarter. Corporate expense is estimated to be approximately $30 million, which includes approximately $4 million of stock compensation, and also includes the higher level of costs for some of the consultants and advisory services that are helping us with our liquidity needs. Our pre-opening expenses should be consistent with the fourth quarter, primarily consisting of our share of our CityCenter expenses and depreciation expense is estimated to be just under $200 million. We expect to receive additional amounts related to our Monte Carlo insurance claim. That’s estimated to be $24 million, which we expect to receive in the next few weeks. That would bring our total claim to close to $74 million in total. We estimate our gross interest expense will be approximately $230 million to $235 million with capitalized interest of roughly $65 million in this first quarter. Now, I’d like to hand it over to Bobby to provide an update on CityCenter.
Bobby Baldwin: Thanks, Dan, and good afternoon, everyone. CityCenter remains on track to have the entire project, except for the Harmon Hotel, open in about nine months in December of this year. Most buildings are at full height and the buildings are in various stages of interior fit-out. There are currently six remaining tower cranes on the site and approximately 8,500 men and women actively involved in the construction of CityCenter. Peak construction is expected to be reached in May of this year with approximately 9,000 workers on site. There will be a phased opening of CityCenter. Vdara opens October 1st 2009; Mandarin, Veer Towers, and Crystals, December 3rd of this year; and finally, the ARIA Resort and Casino on December 16th this year. In Crystals, we’ve begun the process of turning over the spaces – the various spaces for tenants. At ARIA, we will turn over the theater to Cirque du Soleil in June of this year when training for the new Elvis show will commence. The closing process for residential units will commence in the fourth quarter of 2009 for the residences at Mandarin Oriental first, later followed by Veer and Vdara in the first quarter of 2010. We announced in December 2008 the postponement of the Harmon Hotel until late 2010 and the cancellation of the residential component of the Harmon. All corresponding deposits have now been returned to those who have signed the contracts for units in the Harmon. The exterior of this building, however, will be complete before CityCenter opens later this year. Our construction budget estimate is lower than our previous announcements due to the cancellations of the Harmon residences, about $140 million. As disclosed in our Form 10-K filed this morning, we had GMP contracts totaling $6.9 billion with estimated cost savings of approximately $500 million. Non-construction project cost totaled $2.3 billion for a net estimated budget of $8.7 billion including the ultimate completion of the Harmon Hotel, which is $200 million. Management believes an additional $200 million in savings is quite possible in addition to the amounts that I’ve just discussed. The CityCenter career center began accepting employment applications from external candidates on January the 5th. To date, CityCenter has received 90,000 applications in total, 15,000 of which are MGM MIRAGE employees mostly in Las Vegas. The internal – the interview process to fill the 10,000 open positions at CityCenter is approximately 30% complete. On February 23rd, room reservations opened to the public for ARIA and Vdara. All reservations are currently being handled through the existing Bellagio call center, proprietary website, and online distribution partners. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Dan D’Arrigo.
Dan D’Arrigo: Thanks, Bobby. That concludes our prepared remarks. At this time, operator, we’ll turn it over for questions and answers.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We’ll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Hi, good afternoon guys.
Jim Murren: Hi, Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Hi. Just a question – I know you mentioned that you weren’t going to talk about the amendment. I think this is just a question you can answer though. It suggests that you can’t sell assets, but we’re interpreting that as you can’t sell assets without the bank’s consent. Is that true?
Jim Murren: That’s correct, Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just, moving on to your operations, I’m wondering at ARIA, are you seeing any turnover by tenants who have signed prior – prior to opening?
Bobby Baldwin: Yes, we’ve seen some, but it’s very limited.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. And how booked – how booked is that now?
Jim Murren: Are you referring to Crystals, Felicia?
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: I’m sorry. Yes, Crystals, sorry.
Jim Murren: Okay. The tenants?
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: That’s right.
Bobby Baldwin: Crystals will be about 65% to 70% booked at opening.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just to clarify, you interpreted my question correctly when I asked about the turnover by the tenants?
Bobby Baldwin: Yes.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then, just talking about – on Bellagio with the out-performance in the quarter relative to the rest of your properties, are you still seeing that?
Jim Murren: Well, we don’t know how everyone else is doing in the current quarter, but –
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: No, relative to your own properties.
Jim Murren: Yes.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then finally, I’m trying not to ask yes-and-no questions here.
Jim Murren: We’ll try not to give you a yes-and-no answer.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: My last one. Okay, so just – and then as far as just your property level EBITDA margins, it sounds like you are expecting them to get worse before they improve, but to potentially improve as you go throughout the year. Is that correct?
Jim Murren: Well, we – this is Jim, Felicia. The – certainly the cost savings that we are implementing are ongoing and that will have a – it should have a positive impact mitigating the fact that – yes, our RevPAR is down more in the first quarter than it was in the fourth. And RevPAR and rooms revenue is the real issue for Las Vegas right now. The operating leverage of this business is very significant on the positive and on the negative and I would guess about 70% of the shortfall in cash flows is represented solely by the rooms department. So, we are occupying the buildings reasonably well. We’ve sacrificed rate to do that. We still have to service the customers in an outstanding manner and we are doing that. And so, the margins will be impacted by the lower rooms revenue as a result of lower RevPAR, but we do expect that our cost savings will continue to have a positive impact as the year progresses.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. All right, that’s it. Thank you.
Jim Murren: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the Larry Klatzkin with Jefferies.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Hi guys, happy St. Patty’s Day.
Jim Murren: Thank you, Larry.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Dan, what’s your cash on hand right this minute?
Jim Murren: Are you talking about Dan D’Arrigo or are you talking about –
Dan D’Arrigo: My wife picked me up this morning. We have a little over $600 million of cash on hand.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Okay. And then, you still have to put 500 in the CityCenter, is that correct?
Jim Murren: Just a little less than that, a little bit less.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Okay. So then you’re getting, say, $600 million from Ruffin, so you really have $700 million of cash at the end of this month available to you plus what you generated in the – in cash flow plus $24 million I guess from the insurance. Am I doing this right?
Dan D’Arrigo: Sounds about accurate.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Okay. So, at this point in time, as far as your bank relation with the banks and the talks, they made you pay down some money in advance and at the same time they didn’t let you buy some of your bonds that are – some of the pretty extreme discounts. Would you call the relation, Jim, contentious or friendly at this point in time?
Jim Murren: I would say extremely constructive and friendly. The banks – our bank group is unique in a sense that it’s been with us for many, many years, certainly the 11 years that I’ve been here, and longer than that. And what the banks and MGM attempted to accomplish with the waiver and amendment was to give us some runway for a couple of months so that we can work with the banks and come up with solutions. Asset sales, as an example, will likely be part of a solution, but we certainly can’t sell anything within the next 30 days. Same with debt restructuring with our bonds. So, we’re going to sit down through Evercore who we’ve hired as our financial adviser and with our bank group and work through all of these issues and that’s why we got the two months and I think that that is a sufficient amount of time to make a lot of progress.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Jim, what would you – if you woke up in the morning, what would be the perfect waiver that you got? What are you looking for?
Jim Murren: Well, we felt very strongly that at this point in time, Larry, that it was not in our best interest to grant collateral for a waiver and our banks agreed with us. And I feel that returning some of the money and paying a little bit more in fees was a very fair deal from the banks’ perspective and we appreciate their position that they have taken. So, I can’t tell you exactly what the ultimate solution will look like, but I can tell you that the dialog with the steering committee and with the banks, banks that we’ve known for decades, and through Evercore has been very constructive and we appreciate their efforts. And these banks that have lent us this money are also have been major underwriters of our bonds over many years and they have strong liability management departments and we’re going to be working through this. That’s why we wanted to have a short-term solution. That’s what we went out to seek. We got exactly what we were looking for in this waiver and amendment and I think that’s a good first step.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Yes, how about the ability to buy back bonds that – which will be tomorrow, probably more discounted prices, which given that everyone’s trying to pursue right now would improve the banks’ position I guess you could argue?
Jim Murren: I think that the banks and MGM took the view that it should part of a global solution if we do sell at all and that’s what we are working toward and the fact that we did not grant collateral means that we have significant amount of collateral that we can use overtime and we are going to use that collateral to its maximum benefit to the benefit of all our constituents.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: How much can you give the banks today if you go out and buy the bond covenants?
Jim Murren: I don’t think that we’ve disclosed that.
Dan D’Arrigo: We have not. It’s a pretty complex – Larry, this is Dan. It’s a pretty complex debt structure given the issuers we have out there and the different levels and aspects that are under each of the particular issues of the debt.
Jim Murren: We – I’ve seen a lot of estimates and they are fairly close.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: So, between $2 billion and $2.5 billion or $2 billion and $3 billion is probably a good estimate?
Jim Murren: We can’t go any farther.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: All right. That’s fine. The tax payment –?
Jim Murren: This is the last question, Larry, to give everyone else a chance.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: All right. What assets you are working on selling?
Jim Murren: Are you interested in buying something? We have had – we’ve had an extraordinary amount of interest in our portfolio of assets, both individually and in some cases, collectively and we have turned over that body of work to Evercore so that they can help us sift through this. One thing that we do know about MGM MIRAGE is that we have the highest quality assets, the most desirable assets in every market in which we operate and they are operated by the best people in our business and that will be part of the dialog that we have and we will not talk about any specific asset sale at this time.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Okay. Well, thank you, Jim.
Jim Murren: Thank you, Larry.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: Hi, Jim and Dan. Just a couple of questions, one – and maybe this is for Bobby, why not push back the opening of CityCenter given the core weakness we’re seeing out there? Second, your 85% occupancy that you saw roughly in Q4, is the target to move that too higher and even if you need to take even lower room rate and is that what went on in Q1? And then, on the CityCenter condos, what are you hearing from the buyers as to their ability to close? And then just one final, just housekeeping, on the Ruffin numbers that you put – you’ve noted now a couple of times, are those pretax and what would it be after tax?
Jim Murren: Okay, Steve. We are going to jot down and you had a bunch there. So, I’ll turn it over to Bobby first and then, you had two different CityCenter questions I think Steve, and we’ll have Bobby handle those and we’ll hit the rest.
Bobby Baldwin: Hi, Steve. Well, as it relates to the slowdown of CityCenter, if you had so much momentum, we are only nine months from opening, this is a six-year project, it’s not easily slowed down. If we – we have looked at slowdown scenarios in order to eliminate overtime and some other things and maybe make the project more efficient. It’s actually less efficient if we slow it down. It also can unwind all of our Crystals retail leases that are very important to us and our partners and it could impact the residential closings because those people, the people that intend to close are quite anxious to get into their spaces. So, we have looked at the slowdown. It doesn’t look like a good idea, we are on schedule, we’re going to stay on schedule. Everything with the exception of Harmon Hotel will be opened by December 16th ready or not. There is no indication that if we slowed it by three or six months we’d open up into a more robust environment any way. So, we’re going to open in 16th December. The second part – what was your second question as to the condo buyers, Steve?
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: Yes, Bobby, all I wanted to know was when you talk to your condo buyers, their ability to get their own financing to in fact close with you in Q4, or a little bit after?
Bobby Baldwin: Well, we’ve polled all the condo buyers as to their likelihood of closing as to whether they are going to be cash or people that might need bank assistance. We have about a total of $1.6 billion in contracted sales after you deduct the Harmon residencies and we have a whole mixed group as to the people that are intent to pay cash and as people would be financing. The most troubled financing is in the condo hotel environment since condo hotel financing is currently not available. But the net result of it is that we are where we believe we can close and generate cash proceeds at least in the 75% range of what we’ve contracted. And there is a lot to be done as it relates to closing these units and we’ll know a lot more by the time we talk on our next call.
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then, Dan or Jim, if you had answers to the other two?
Jim Murren: Well, I’ll hit the occupancy one since I forgot the other one and maybe Dan can hit the other one. In the first quarter, Steve, we saw – the most weakness we saw was actually in January and we lost quite a bit of convention business in the January period and then it really slowed down in terms of losing business or another way of looking at it, convention business perked up a little bit until President Obama took a hit on Las Vegas. And then we saw more cancellation business for about a two-week period and that has also now slowed down. We have seen very little cancellation after that one-week period. So, the weakest month for us from an occupancy and rate perspective will probably be January of the first quarter. February improved and we did sacrifice rate in order to maintain some level of occupancy as a result of losing that convention business in January and for that one-week period in February. We have seen an improvement in the convention business and therefore – a little bit, we’ve seen an improvement in rate. And so, we are willing to discount more to keep the buildings occupied. That will be result of the lower RevPAR year-over-year in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. We think it’s important to keep the buildings reasonably occupied. And so, we have sacrificed rate to do that and it has been a little bit sporadic in the first quarter, but because as I said, that was weak in January, perked up again, we took a temporary hit from our TARP babies that left us and we have now improved again, since that has not been in the news lately. Dan, if you want to –?
Dan D’Arrigo: Yes. I think, Steve, the last question you had related to the TI transactions, the – those numbers that recorded earlier are all gross and the tax that we’ll pay related to that transaction will be offset by several factors including taxable income as we go forward. So, that cash taxes could be anywhere from $80 million to $100 million throughout this year and into early next year.
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Jim Murren: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Katz with Oppenheimer.
David Katz – Oppenheimer: Hi, good afternoon.
Jim Murren: Hello, David.
David Katz – Oppenheimer: Hi. So, I wanted to make sure that I can try and get my cash flows just right. And I think what it says is $494 million left to spend on CityCenter. If you could talk about how you expect to that flow, we’ve been modeling $100 million, $150 million a quarter or so going out and I think if I’m understanding correctly, that – the $1 billion 8 of bank financing on CityCenter does not come into play if I heard you correctly, until June. And then with respect to the Treasure Island proceeds, it sounds on the one end like we’re not a 100% sure that the $20 million discount is going to be taken or do you have some indication that that’s a more likely outcome than less? And I guess I’m just trying to map out how the rest of the year flows cash wise.
Dan D’Arrigo: David, this is Dan. As it relates to CityCenter, remaining $494 million will be between now and early June. We are running roughly per partner about $100 million to $150 million a month in terms of payments for the joint venture and that obviously depends on the amount of construction activity on the site, but we get to the 1.8 in bank funds, once each partner makes those remaining contributions of $494 million each, which we project would be in early June when get to the 1.8, which will take us through completion.
Jim Murren: And we’ve already made $240 million of payment this year per partner, made $240 million so far. As it relates to Treasure Island, I can’t speak for Phil, but I do believe that it’s highly that we will get the $500 million obviously upon closing and that could happen as early as the end of this week, if not next week. So, that’s an acceleration versus our original timeframe and we may receive the other $100 million, which is payable within six months. We probably will get that I would guess within 30 days. As it relates to the remaining money, there is no way for me to know.
David Katz – Oppenheimer: Got it. One last quick one. Just as a – an outside observer with respect to Las Vegas, there has been so much as we read the newspapers every morning about the financial institutions and the economy and everything else and very little sort of collective messaging in terms of the value proposition that Las Vegas offers. I recognize that you all are sort of tending to your own yards at this point, but is there any collective effort toward communicating that value proposition and we’ve all sort of read about the instances with some institutions canceling paying any way and then going somewhere else more expensive just for optics reasons. What – is there anything collectively going on?
Jim Murren: Yes, there is quite a bit actually. We’ve worked very aggressively with the Las Vegas convention authority and obviously, with U.S. Travel Association. There has been a tremendous amount of effort that’s going on nationwide. You’re going to see more ads on TV as it relates to this effort. We have our federal delegation highly engaged and they have been extremely vocal in support of and – all of them and that’s been very appreciative. The President’s Press Secretary came out with clarifying remarks on Las Vegas, which we felt was also positive. It supports the view that Las Vegas is an attractive value destination. So, we have been working with the convention authority, we’ve been working with the broader trade groups like U.S. Travel Association, and we’ve been working with the airlines, quite particularly Southwest, but all the carriers that are very aggressively bringing in flights here. Also, charter flights have increased from locations such as Canada. So, this is a message we need to get out. You are correct that we all have our own individual issues to deal with, but collectively we are all over this. As an industry – we agree as an industry that we need to get the message out. We’ve been using our travel partners to help us and our federal delegation and state representatives as well.
David Katz – Oppenheimer: Okay, hang in there guys. Thanks.
Jim Murren: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Joe Greff of JPMorgan.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: Good afternoon, guys. Jim, I was hoping if you can just discuss the relationship with Dubai World. Is it contentious, is it friendly, are they supportive of this strategy and do you anticipate they are being a big part of the solution going forward?
Jim Murren: Well, our relationship with Dubai World is outstanding and has been since August of ’07 when we consummated the joint venture. They have been steadfast partners, they are major shareholders in MGM and 50% owners in CityCenter. We have been aligned in our interest from the beginning. They have, as have we, made our monthly payments or sometimes twice-a-month payments. Just talked with Johnny on the Spot. They were just actually out here. We hosted them for about a week and half, Bobby? Maybe a week and a half and it’s beautiful weather out here, they left with great awe and pride in CityCenter. And they realize, as do we, that this is a tough time that we’re all in, both globally, financial crisis, the economic crisis, and they have been great to work with and I’m very proud of the relationship that we have with them, and I’m glad that we have them.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: Will they be part of the solution going forward in the broadest sense of that?
Jim Murren: It’s hard to say at this point. If what you are saying is in terms of the broader solution at MGM MIRAGE and in terms of how we restructured the company to best handle the economic crisis, I can’t say that specifically, but they certainly are very much engaged in the dialog with our advisors on looking for best solutions.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan:
 :
Dan D’Arrigo: No, Joe. Overall, we had – we are pretty consistent in terms of our available room nights year-over-year.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Jim Murren: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Bill Lerner with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Lerner – Deutsche Bank: Hi guys. Hi Jim, lots of people think you’ll fail. I think others unfortunately are rooting for it. I think maybe this is a good platform to speak too – I think the tools you have at your disposal and the desire to resolve as quickly as possible, I mean that’s an obvious question, you touched on that. Also – you touched on a little bit, but also I guess as the largest private employer and taxpayer in the state I suspect people in Nevada and Washington are polling for you or are supportive somehow. Can you color that in a little bit?
Jim Murren: Sure, Bill. I know – I spent a little time on Wall Street myself and I really do not get at all emotional about people’s points of view as it relates to securities, whether they are long or short, whether they are rooting for or against companies. That is part of the capital system that I think is great in America and I’m proud of the system. I can only control to the best of our ability what we can do here and I do not ever try to control people’s attitudes toward our company positively or negatively, that’s for them to decide. I do know a few things about the company that I think are relevant. I do know that we are the market share leader everywhere we operate. I do know we out-operate everybody else. I do not think it’s a coincidence that when we acquire properties or merge with properties, the end result is those properties make more money than they did under prior ownership. I don’t think it’s a coincidence that our properties are in better shape than our competitors or better located or better managed. I do think that we have many tools at our disposal. I think that our financial partners are second to none and I think that if polled, our bank group would say that we have been great sponsors, great partners over many years. I think that the fact that we have the best employees in the business, the best assets in the business, a very supportive and flexible bank group, that we have locations around the world, we have strong partners around the world whether that be Dubai or Mubadala or Diaoyutai or any of our international partnerships, which we have forged and pioneered, which have served us well. I have no illusions that this is going to be easy and I welcome everyone’s observations and I do not at all harbor any ill feeling toward people who think that we will fail because this is not without risk. But I do believe that given the fact that we do have these tools at our availability, the financial partners, the operating talent, the financial talent, good advisors, great properties, I do believe in the long-term viability of Las Vegas, I do know that we have the best properties here, the most profitable, the most successful, the most sought after, I do think Las Vegas will continue to be a viable market. I do know that we are better in our markets than our competitors. It is not luck that we make more money in Detroit than anyone else or luck or happenstance, we do the same on the Gulf Coast, and I think that that is recognized. So, our bank group – we asked our bank group one thing. We asked our bank group to give us a little time to work through these issues, to deal with the financial crisis, a recession, as we restructure a balance sheet that has a significant amount of debt, more than we should have given our current levels of cash flow. And our bank group said, yes. And I think that is a very important message. They did not have to say yes. They did not have to allow through this waiver or amendment to go forward in this fashion. It could have been contentious, it could have failed, but it did not. So, as we look forward knowing that we are trying to accomplish the near-impossible, trying to build something here in Las Vegas that will employ over 10,000 people, trying to build a resort complex that will be admired around the world, trying to drive visitation to the market, which will be to the benefit of everyone in Las Vegas and in Nevada, trying to employ people when unemployment rates are rising, trying to develop something that is environmentally important and invaluable and admired. I think all of those things are recognized as attributes and something that should be admired. And I know our federal delegation is on board, I know this has gotten the attention of the White House, I know that our state understands the significance of CityCenter and the viability of its largest employer and largest taxpayer. So, I wake up thinking that we’re going to make progress every day and I believe that the time that we took in terms of the extension of the K was time well spent because it allowed us to navigate through some of these issues with our bank group. I continue to believe that we have the tools available to us to work through this, but I have no illusion that it’s going to be easy or that we necessarily will succeed. I think we will, but it’s going to be not without a lot of hard work and some risk and at this point, I don’t know what else we can say expect for the fact that we’re trying very hard. We see – we’ll take every question, we’ll take every criticism, and we’ll own it all and we’re going to be communicating to you more frequently now. One of the things that has frustrated me as an ex-Wall Street guy is the fact that we have not been able to communicate to our constituents because we’ve been in blackout period, the quiet periods, and that’s been frustrating I know to the Street and to ourselves. That is not our style, we are the disclosure leader in this industry, we provide more financial information than anyone. We provide more access to management than anyone, and we’re going to do that in the future to the best of our ability, and we’ll be giving you constant updates as to our progress.
Bill Lerner – Deutsche Bank: Thanks, Jim.
Jim Murren: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley – UBS: Thanks, Jim. Your comments were pretty comprehensive. So, really just – I wanted to do a small follow-up, I was going to ask about Dubai World. You made a lot of comments about the constructive relationship. I guess I just want to ask how comfortable are you that they can make all the contribution that they need to and are obligated to?
Jim Murren: Well, there’s been an awful lot of dialog and debate in the press and a lot of media around that, Robin. And so, that certainly is a logical question to ask. And all I can say is they have been steadfast, consistent, completely dependable partners, and they have done everything from the beginning that has ever been asked to them. And I think that somebody’s record should stand for itself and all I could say is their record has stood for support and enthusiasm on the project.
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay. Okay, great. And then, just a minor clarification on the Q4 results actually. For Bellagio and the out-performance there, I know you normally just sort of give hold for the company overall, but was part of the out-performance there slightly above average hold or is it something that you’re seeing in consumer behavior?
Dan D’Arrigo: No. Actually, Bellagio, Rob and this is Dan. Actually Bellagio was lower than the prior year in terms of whole percentage.
Jim Murren: Yes, the whole percentage was down year-over-year. The whole percentage was down more significantly at MGM Grand, Las Vegas, and MIRAGE on a year-over-year basis.
Robin Farley – UBS: Well, okay. All right, great. Thank you.
Jim Murren: Thank you.
Dan D’Arrigo: Operator, we’ll take one more question as we get to the 7 Eastern Time. Let our friends on Wall Street head home.
Operator: Okay. Your final question is a follow-up question from Larry Klatzkin with Jefferies.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Hi guys. Just a couple of questions on CityCenter. You say you have $319 million more you might have to put in if no apartment sales. Would that be reduced by the non-refundable deposits you’re holding?
Dan D’Arrigo: Where did $319 million come from, Larry?
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: That’s in the 10-K. It says that related to your $600 million guarantee, that you may have $319 million more to put in.
Jim Murren: That’s right. It would be reduced by condominium sales.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: But how would if there is no sales? You’re sitting with a chunk of non-refundable deposits. Would that deposit money lower that $319 million?
Jim Murren: No.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: All right. As far as a partner to take over or to take part of the Vdara, is there any consideration to that, the Four Seasons kind of thing?
Jim Murren: We are exploring lots of options at CityCenter, Larry, and there is nothing to report at this time, but we certainly have many options available to us in that project, but there are no current plans to do anything other than what we have announced.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: All right. The advance CityCenter bookings, could you just talk about what you have kind of in the pocket right now?
Jim Murren: Well, we – we, Larry, we track this according to how we did see at Bellagio when we opened ten years ago with Bellagio on a more normal economic environment. We’re actually on pace for our convention bookings for 2010 or ’11, ’12, and ’13 and it’s – we’re on pace to satisfy our need there. We’re on pace or actually a little above pace to 2010 when you compare to where we were when we opened Bellagio ten years ago. So, bookings have been good. As you know, room reservations as it relates to the other segments in the market, they don’t book until much closer to opening, but the convention statistics look strong.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: All right. And then, is there – the $600 million guarantee, is there a cross default with the CityCenter debt? How does that work exactly?
Dan D’Arrigo: There is a – at the CityCenter level, there is a cross default within the CityCenter credit facility at the CityCenter level.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: But not at MGM MIRAGE?
Jim Murren: Not at the – not on the corporate credit facility.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: All right. So, how does that work exactly, Dan? If let’s say CityCenter would have event of default, what – how would that work at MGM?
Dan D’Arrigo: We don’t believe that would impact the corporate credit facility. It doesn’t come upward in terms of that particular credit facility.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Good, that’s the answer I wanted to hear. Thanks.
Jim Murren: Thank you. Well, operator, I think that’s it for our call. As always, we’ll be available for any follow-up questions or calls and I’d like to thank you very much for participating in the call, and sorry that it was a little late back East, but it’s past happy hour on St. Patrick’s Day. So, enjoy yourselves. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan D'Arrigo – EVP and CFO Terry Lanni – Chairman and CEO Jim Murren – President and COO Bobby Baldwin – Chief Design and Construction Officer Aldo Manzini – EVP and Chief Administrative Officer 
Analysts:  Felicia Hendrix – Lehman Brothers Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies & Company Robin Farley – UBS Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley Joseph Greff – JP Morgan 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the MGM MIRAGE second quarter conference call. Joining the call from their company today are Terry Lanni, Chairman and Chief Executive; Jim Murren, President and Chief Operating Officer; Bobby Baldwin, Chief Designing Construction Officer of MGM MIRAGE and President and CEO of CityCenter; Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Aldo Manzini, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer. Participants are in a listen only mode. After the company's remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator instructions)  Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo.
Dan D'Arrigo: Well thank you, Amanda, and good morning everyone. Welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call. This call this morning is being broadcast live on the internet at www.mgmmirage.com and at www.companyboardroom.com, and a complete replay of the call will be made available on the company's website. This morning, we furnished this earnings release on form 8-K to the SEC and it also is available through their website as well. Additional supplemental information was posted on our website this morning which gives you significant detail behind the numbers included in the release. And before we get started, the information we present on this call may contain forward-looking statement as defined by the SEC. Such forward-looking statements are protected by the Safe Harbor amendments of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those estimates. Listeners should also refer to our disclosures about risks and uncertainties made in our filings with the SEC. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Terry Lanni for some introductory comment on our results.
Terry Lanni: Thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. We are very pleased, actually with our second quarter results, and though the economy certainly remains challenging, we believe that we're very successful at generating revenues very near prior year levels. And considerable work on the expense side of the equation allowed us to hold profit levels that we saw in the first quarter. On the overall basis, we reported earnings of $0.40 per diluted share, compared to $0.62 from the 2007 quarter. The year prior including significant profit – or did include significant profits from residential sales of the signature and MGM Grand. That was $63 million, or $0.14 per share, that makes up a large portion of the decrease in EPS from the prior year. There were other less significant items affecting comparability and we can outline those in the release. Dan and Jim will give you some more specifics on trends seen during the quarter, as well as our outlook later on on this call. I'd like to point out some highlights from the quarter. On a comparable basis, property EBITDA was down 12% on a 2% decline in net revenue. These results are better than others in this market place. We believe our market share is growing based on the superior quality of our resorts and premium guest service. In Las Vegas, Bellagio and Mandalay Bay posted increases in cash flow, with Bellagio reporting the highest property EBITDA of any resort on the Las Vegas strip, and Mandalay Bay producing a record second quarter. Also reporting increases in cash flow were Gold Strike in Tunica, Beau Rivage in Beluxi, and MGM Grand in Detroit which accelerated its year-over-year increase from the first quarter. We've taken a significant number of measures to right-size the company for this changing times and done so without impacting the quality of service to our guest. This measures have allowed us to maintain profit margins at superior levels to our competition. I'd like to discuss the results at MGM Grand Macau. MGM Grand Macau generated net revenues of approximately $268 million in the quarter and a disappointing property EBITDA of $23 million, and clearly these are disappointing results. If you really take a look at the Macau market place, we have 8% of the market as far as by number of units, of tables, and slots, and basically – and the quarter period we did about 8% of the revenue. I'm pleased to say, and the numbers that were released by the government of Macau just last week, that our July market share has increased to 9.5% from 8%. We, basically have set aside 57 table games within the 366 games that we have there for junket operators. Maybe basically, $60 million in turnover which is a good number for those number of tables and win of U.S. 1.8 million per day. In-house VIP, we hold 23 tables. So, we are limited in this regard that we have 80 tables and we have six junket operators and I say that is our capacity. We have reached out two and others have reached out to us a number of other junket operators who would like very much to associate themselves with MGM Grand Macau but at this point we don't have the capacity. Now, what we're doing to correct that is the following We have on the 34th and 35th floors determined to convert those floors to be VIP rooms and by the middle of August, we would have added 22 tables to our existing number of 80 tables. Level two, we were converting– that was originally set aside a section of that for mass market and we have determined that would be important to add more VIP tables and by the end of the year, we would have added another 48 tables on level two. That will bring us to a total of 150 VIP room– tables, I should say as compared to the current level of 80 and they'll be flowing in through the rest of this year and be in place by the first of 2009. One of the issues has been very positive for those people who have at least the retail component in Macau and when we originally planned our project – we have a project immediately next door to us, and actually connected to us which is called One Central, which includes some 250,000 square feet of net rentable high-end retail which is proven to be a very significant component as I say in the Macau market place. The original anticipation was the Hip Hing, the contractor for that project of four Hong Kong land in Shun Tak, would be able to open that facility concurrent with ours. Unfortunately, that did not happen. There were significant construction delays and it's expected now that that project will be flowing in starting some time about this time next year. That does put us at a disadvantage because we have two minimal retail outlets in the existing MGM Grand Macau. When this opens, with its some 1,200 condominiums, service apartments and the Mandarin grand Oriental hotel, along with the retail component, we think will be a significant factor to improve the reported numbers and the production of that particular property. One other factor was that when we opened on December 18th and until the month of June, we had actually operated that property without the benefit of the excellent MGM Mirage International Marketing Organization. We determined that was a mistake not to utilize that organization and joint venture agreed to utilize the facilities which existed throughout the world especially in the Far East. And, since we have incorporated MGM Mirage marketing, which was in the month of June this year, we have doubled our VIP in-house business and we think that can continue to grow. We do have some issues in construction and I would hate to complain about construction. That's the reason why we have some difficulties. But, getting in and out of our property is very difficult as a result of all the construction both done by the government of the special administrative region as well as existing and some would be or future competitors. And, that's going to take probably about another 9 to 12 months to complete that construction, including the One Central property next door to us, which should alleviate some of the restrictions that the mass market has in getting into our property. So in balance, we're not pleased with the past performance of our property in Macau. But, we believe that we are taking the necessary steps, and the early indications from those steps are indicating that we are getting a good response and we believe that we will consistently improve that particular market and our particular property in that market. And I think you also know, we have appointed effective on August 1st, Grant Bowie as President of MGM Grand Macau. He's an experienced gaming operator, including four years as a Chief Executive in Macau. At the same time, Bob Moon has moved back to his role as Head of International Operations for MGM Mirage, and we'll continue to lead our efforts oversees including our casino international marketing efforts. I'd now like to turn the meeting over to Dan for a few detailed comment on our operating results for the quarter, Dan.
Dan D'Arrigo: 
 : Our casino revenues decreased by approximate 4% compared to last year's quarter, while our net non-casino revenues were essentially flat for a 2% overall decrease in net revenue. We achieved a 97% occupancy at our Las Vegas Strip Resorts, and as you've seen in the markets, we did have to give on rate to some extent for the benefit of the overall operations. But Las Vegas remains in a high demand and we have the properties of choice in each of the market segments. Red Parrot, our Las Vegas Strip Resorts, went down approximate 5% year-over-year similar to the 4% decline that we experienced in the first quarter, and a point to note is that, our occupancy trends from the first quarter to the second quarter, in a year-over-year basis, actually improved from being down some 230 basis points in Q1 to only 90 basis points in Q2. So we picked up significant traction on these occupancy levels. So, worthy to note, is that our comps are incredibly difficult to interrupt against a all time record 2007 second quarter for both revenues and profits, and our Strip REVPAR last year was actually up 7% in that quarter. Adjusting for comparable items, property EBITDA margin in this quarter was approximately 30% versus 33% in the prior year's quarter, and a very strong operating margin in this environment. We still see room for company-wide margin improvement as our cost-saving initiatives continue to gain more traction in the coming months. Our income from unconsolidated affiliates was $17 million in this quarter versus $97 million in the prior year's quarter, approximately $63 million as experienced, that Terry mentioned earlier, was attributable to the prior year residential standings with the signature at MGM Grand. The remaining difference is due to lower income from our pickup from Burgada [ph] as well as Mikhael [ph] operating loss. And this year of course, we have our share of the city panel [ph] residential expenses in our own consolidated affiliate line items. Our net interest expense was $145 million compared to $183 million in the prior year's quarter as we continue to benefit from the lower debt balance this year over year. Our gross interest in the second quarter this year was $184 million. Our capitalized interest was approximately $39 million for net number of $145 million. Our income from continuing operations, which exclude the gains recorded the last year in the sale of both the Primm properties in Laughlin was $113 million in 2008 versus $183 million in 2007, most notably, the difference there is the signature event last year versus this year. Now, I would like to turn it over to Jim for some more detailed discussion on our operating results.
Jim Murren: Thank you, Dan. Well, it's certainly has been a tough year from economic perspective but we've made quite a bit of progress this year. We know we picked up a bunch of market share here in Las Vegas, for example, unfortunately the June numbers for the market are not out but I can give you through May. Year-to-date through May, our ADR is down 2.2%, the strip is down over 4%. Year-to-date through May, our table drop was only down 1.3%, Las Vegas was down 3.3%, and actually our baccarat drop has been up year-over-year through May, and of course the strip has been down. We have picked up quite a bit of market share. We see that through the gaming numbers and the non-gaming numbers, and it's particularly notable since there was a large competitor that was added to the market this year, and yet our market share went up nonetheless. It's well advertise that people coming to Las Vegas is data is down, and of course airport traffic is down as well but our occupancy was 97% in the second quarter, and as Dan mentioned, it actually improved sequentially. We do have the best of class properties in every market in which we operate. There's a reason for that. We have invested heavily in this properties in the past. The capital expenditures that we're making this year will position us very well into 2009, and of course that means CapEx is going to fall pretty dramatically next year. And we do have the profit leaders as well, which is actually more important. Obviously we mentioned Bellagio being up year-over-year and obviously the most profitable casino here in Las Vegas. Mandalay had an all-time record in the second quarter. We had several departmental records in the quarter despite the economy. And outside of Las Vegas, we did well in Mississippi, and in Detroit. One of reason why we've been able to do this in addition to the capital we've spent on initiatives that we put into place beginning last year, we've cut quite a bit of cost out of this company to the tune of over $200 million a year, and those cost savings are gaining traction and will continue to resonate in our coming quarters and that is why we believe you'll see profit improvement in 2009. Dan is going to get into the guidance when he gets back to you. But, we view this quarter as a trough quarter and we see improvement in the fourth-quarter and in most revenue items and certainly in a profit picture as well. Specifically to the second-quarter, get back to that, our REVPAR was down 5%. The average rate decreased to $155 versus $162 a year ago. We had fewer group room nights in the second quarter, we mentioned that on the last quarter call, and that's still inline with our guidance, it's down 4%, because we had higher attrition rates than we had a year ago, but that attrition rate has also stabilized and we see improvements actually in attrition rates into the fourth-quarter. And in fact, many of our properties experienced records in this past quarter in terms of booking new business, which is particularly encouraging. In fact, Mandalay, Mirage, Bellagio, and MGM Grand, all had all-time record in the second quarter just ending in terms of booking business in 2009 and beyond. And so, we believe that would bode well for future periods. On the table side, our volume was down 7%. We did have 11% decrease on our strip resorts, but that was mostly on the lower end of our portfolio. Bellagio was actually up year-over-year in volume, Mandalay, as I've said, had the best second-quarter ever. MGM was down, but it was worst than all-time record last year and, as I mentioned earlier, other elements of MGM were actually quite drawn [ph], including food and beverage. From a standpoint of slots. Slot revenue was down 2% in the quarter. We, actually, did well on many of our properties including in Mississippi and particularly notable in Detroit. Detroit was up 18% and that was better than the results that they had even in the first quarter this year. And of course, the MGM Grand Detroit property continues to gain market share and now, as of June, stands at 44%. We've been upgrading our loyalty marketing programs. We believe we have come behind the market for many years in customer acquisition and loyalty marketing and we have great initiatives led by Aldo, to my left over here, and his team to much better market our properties and be more productive on a customer acquisition perspective. It's not rocket science, actually. It's just black and tackling and we're going to be far more valuable to our gaming customers on a going forward basis as we provide more value to them. And I think that would do well on the market share as well. Food and beverage revenue was also strong, actually, in the quarter, was up 2%. Pretty incredible given the environment. And that's the benefit of having high occupancies with the right kind of customers. Strong international visitation to Las Vegas has had the benefit of all of our, particularly, our non-gaming areas, and, of course, our entertainment as second to none and our entertainment was very solid in the quarter as well. We had a big fight last year. If you recall we have the Dela Hoya-Mayweather fight last year. Tough comparison but because of our Cirque du Soleil productions and other productions in our arenas, we had a very solid results here on a second quarter. So, in summary, the hospitality is taking many body blows this year. Gasoline prices, airline traffics, consumer credit issues. But we believe we performed admirably. We made important profit improvements in the quarter that are lasting. We continue to see softness on the revenue side this summer, but that we see improvement in our profit picture and in to 2009 beginning actually in the fourth quarter. We're going to have fewer rooms out of service in the current quarter than we did in the second quarter, and fewer still in the fourth quarter, and even fewer still in 2009, so that will help us on the revenue side. And on the gaming side, we continued to pick up market share in the difficult environment as we continue to improve the profitability of our resorts but also, the attractiveness. So with that, I'll turn it over to Bobby, for his comments.
Bobby Baldwin:   Thank you, Jim, and good morning everyone. First of all, I want to talk a little bit about Monte Carlo, as you know, it had a fire in the first quarter, and for the second quarter, it had 23,000 room nights that were out of service and impacted the cash flows. As of June 30th, the 31st and the 32nd floor of the hotel remain out of the inventory. The 32nd floor from the damage, and the 31st floor, Clark County has not permitted us back on to that floor to keep it as a buffer floor. We expect to have the 34– 31st floor back in inventory within the next 30 days, and for the third quarter, we estimate we're going to loose about 10,000 additional room nights.  The insurance claim is still not pretty clearly in the release, but so that everybody can be reminded, Monte Carlo made about $13 million in cash flow in 2007. It's going to do about 96 this year, $50 million of that is interruption and $46 million is cash. So, overall it's going to be down about 14% when you make those two adjustments. We– we're about halfway through the BI claim, because we are going to recover additional payment of $18 million in Q3 and – pardon me, $9 million in Q3 and about $9 million in Q4 to complete the business interruption claim at Monte Carlo. Also, Monte Carlo is under stress that relates not to the events of January but mainly the stress from the construction site of CityCenter. As you know, Monte Carlo's main entry is in the rear of the building and of course, we're building 18 million square feet surrounding that, and they have the benefit of our concrete batch plant, unfortunately and we're going to improve their entire arrival next year. By the end of the year, this year, their going to get their garage back. We tore down their garage to make a larger garage to share with Monte Carlo and CityCenter, and we doubled the spaces available to them for self-park, but currently, they have no self-park as we complete the new garage. We also disconnected through the second time repeat remover system from Bellagio so they'll have a benefit of the new people mover system beginning December of next year. There's been plenty to talk about Bellagio. Just a few notes, we did have a terrific quarter. EBITDA was up about $7 million, or 6.5%, from the last year. But, locally, the hotel people had done a very good job. They had $95 million, almost, in hotel revenue for the quarter, which was a record, and the REVPAR was up nicely. Finally, CityCenter, as we track the maximum price contracts for CityCenter, we have all eight of the GEMPs in. Six have been signed and executed by the joint venture board with Dubai World, the other two will be executed, and the last two will be executed inside on the 20th of August and that will complete all of the GEMPs for CityCenter. I said in the last call that everything is on schedule, that if you've been by CityCenter lately, you'll see that most of the buildings are approaching full height and in fact all of the buildings will be full height by the end of February of next year. RA [ph] as the major casino hotel tops up completely later this month. The Mandarin Oriental tops out in September. All of crystals retail structural steel is up and it's going to begin to turn over some of it's spaces to some of its tenants beginning in February of next year in three phases, February, March, and April for those important tenant fit outs to be preparing for the December opening next year. If you've driven by, you've seen the APM or the Automated People Mover guideway system up in the cars – the train cars are in fabrication, they will begin testing early next year as well. As it relates to city to city residential, 37 units are about $34 million worth of inventory, were sold in second quarter. We've said before, we tracked the entire market here in Las Vegas, of course, particularly for high rise sales and for better or worst, CityCenter represents virtually all new high-rise condo sales in Las Vegas. I might add that if you look back to the first quarter we sold 56 units, in the second quarter I said we sold 37, and in July we sold 32. What's important about July is we had 17 sales that came from our new sales office in Dubai, so we look forward to future success in that channel of sales. Total, from inception to date, is about a $1,000,000,750 in residential sales representing about 59% of our total sales. When we complete the project. We have sold 54% of the inventory or 1421 units sold and that's my report.
Dan D'Arrigo:  Thank you, Bobby. First, before we get into some guidance. A quick discussion on our balance sheet. In regards to capital spending, we invested $221 million in a quarter with the details specified in the release this morning. As we've mentioned earlier this morning, we're now forecasting our CapEx to come down somewhat based on the tremendous shape of our properties and the positioning that we've taken over the last couple of years to strategically make sure that all of our properties were in the best shape as we head into the reopening of CityCenter and we are completing most of that capital program here this year. I'd expect capital spending, going forward in each of last year quarters of '08, to be approximately $200 million. This will bring our total spend to approximately $800 million per year of '08, down from our previous guidance of about a billion dollar. Well, it's too early to give a number for 2009 while we're just beginning our budget process. We would expect that spending in 2009 will be considerably less than in 2008. Regarding our long-term debt, we borrowed net debt of just over 200 million in the quarter. At quarter end, we had approximately 1.7 billion available under our bank credit facility and here in early August, we have some senior notes that matured. So after giving effect to, roughly the $200 million of senior notes, our credit facility and viability is approximately 1.5 billion here in early August. In the quarter, we repurchased 2.6 million shares at a cost of $134 million. That completed our 2007 authorization and in May of 2008, our board had authorized another $20 million repurchase program, which we have not utilized to date. And the CityCenter update, on the CityCenter financing, we have – once the financing is in place, we'd have spent approximately $4.2 billion of the estimated $9.1 billion of gross [ph] cash construction and pre-opening cost and therefore, that will leave just $5 billion left to spend to complete the construction of the project. As we said in the release, the joint venture is seeking a $3 billion financing package, which we're working with our lending group right now and we believe that bank portion will be completed this quarter. And as highlighted, this is a very difficult credit environment but we've already received firm commitment of over $1.65 billion of this package and continue to work with several domestic and international relationship banks to complete this financing. Based on this expectation, the partners will be committed to funding the difference, which would be just under $2 billion after financing is in place, split evenly between MGM and Dubai World. We anticipate that the timing of these remaining funds would be approximately half throughout the remainder of '08 and into early ''09, and the remainder towards the end of construction as needed. I'd highlight that these numbers are before the application of any condo proceeds or any future debt financing that maybe done at the joint venture level. From an MGM Mirage perspective, we have ample capacity to fund our share of these cost through our available credit lines, and available free cash flow from our operations, and as most of you know, our credit facility can actually be expanded from $7 billion to $8 billion with additional commitments from lenders as well. So, we're well in good shape there to funding these costs. From a future operations outlook, our outlook is generally consistent with the commentary heard so far in this call relative to the second quarter. As Jim pointed out, our REVPAR forecast here in the third quarter, that we believe will decrease from the first half of the year, we're projecting REVPAR to be down in the high single digits and large part due to the seasonally weakness – the seasonal weakness in the third quarter that is typical for our operations. As a result of our cost-cutting initiatives, our property EBITDA forecast cost per year-over-year decreased in about the same range that we saw on the first and second quarter of this year. So our cost-cutting initiatives are gaining more traction and will continue to benefits us going forward. Looking out to the fourth quarter, we expect to see improvement from these levels as we mentioned in the release, we're seeing positive room trends heading into the fourth quarter, and with revenues, we expect the fourth quarter to show some improvement quarter-over-quarter, in property EBITDA as well, in the fourth quarter. Other specific guidance to help you with your modeling, our total stock compensation in the third quarter is estimated to be approximately $10 million, corporate expense is estimated at around $35 to $40 million including about $4 million of stock comp expense. Our pre-opening expenses should be consistent with the second quarter, which is primarily our share pre-opening related to CityCenter, our net interest expense were forecasted to be consistent with the second quarter as well in the $140 to $150 million range, and our depreciation is estimated to be approximately $200 million as well in the quarter. Our effective tax rate is estimated in the third quarter to be approximately 37%. And at this time, operator, I think, we have about 25 to 30 minutes to open it up for questions and answers.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question is from Felicia Hendrix with Lehman Brothers.
Felicia Hendrix – Lehman Brothers: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Aldo Manzini: Hi, Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix – Lehman Brothers:  Just wondering the $1.65 billion, what rate was that priced at?
Aldo Manzini: Well, we'll give out those – all the information once the deal is finalized, Felicia. But, it's very attractive margin for us and the Libor rates are still very well in this environment. So, it would be pretty attractive project financing. And as we pointed out on our last call, that would be very similar if not inside of what Burgada [ph] has priced at when we get that project financing several years back.
Felicia Hendrix – Lehman Brothers: Okay. When we see those rates, should we assume that they were all priced of a discount so we should ask about deal to this kind at the time?
Aldo Manzini: No. They won't. They will not be.
Felicia Hendrix – Lehman Brothers: They're not going to be priced at a discount?
Aldo Manzini: Correct.
Felicia Hendrix – Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then, just Bobby, can you just tell us how the leasing for Crystal looks so far?
Bobby Baldwin: It looks pretty good. We have 76 different leases to get completed, which includes all the retail in all the food and beverage at Crystal's. We have 20 side deals and we have another 20 or 30 where the business–- the business points are pretty much worth that but have not yet to– yet to be signed. We expect it to get just about all of the leases done and Crystal should have all of about six basis leased by the time we open. We have five or six location within Crystals that are pretty tough locations given the traffic flows and they take more time. The retail environment, as you probably know, is also slow particularly in the United States and it's difficult to get these companies, many of which are foreign companies, to sign their leases. As strange as that may seen, they don't want to do anything until the very last moment but Crystals is coming together the nice way.
Felicia Hendrix – Lehman Brothers:  Okay, great. And then, don't know if this is for Jim or who's from –on the Bellagio, the property held up remarkably well considering how some of that– your competitors have done. I mean, Venetian is fine. It's competing against the opening of the Plaza but Wynn was also down year-over-year and Bellagio is actually up year-over-year. So, just wondering, in particular, where do you think is driving that and obviously, from your comment, it sounds like you do expect it to be sustainable but wondering if you could just reiterate that there.
Bobby Baldwin:  Well, this is Bobby. The Bellagio, really, has a benefit of being in the market place for ten years. It has a much deeper and more committed and loyal customer base, at least I believe, than maybe some of its newer competitors. It also has a benefit of being part of MGM Mirage that has ten operating companies in Las Vegas and they can synchronized its business activities in concert with the other operating companies in Las Vegas. And just, generally, makes it stronger overall. And I think, Bellagio is proven it has withstood the test of time and it's a great property in a great location and it's always going to do very well against even stiff competition.
Felicia Hendrix – Lehman Brothers:   Okay, thank you.
Operator: 
 :
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies & Company: 
 :
Terry Lanni:   We had a couple of things there, Larry. I'll tackle that one. Bobby gets the good news, but I have to hand over the ones who are down. When you have so many properties, then not all are going to be up or down in the same time. We did have a little bit of that, but we have– been working on the Mirage. We've had a lot of CAPEX into that property this year. That – those programs are done. We've been working on the casino marketing side quite a bit, that's going to improve, and on the room side, of course, it's been part of the whole process here, but room trends are also starting to improve. It doesn't deal as well on the convention side to some of our other properties and that's an area that we're working on right now. So, on balance, we have had the whole issues up and down. As you know, we don't give hope per property and we don't use that as an excuse because as a portfolio, our property holds about the same as a year-ago, and within our range, but you get ins and outs with the properties.
Dan D'Arrigo:   And, Larry, I'll just add one other...
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies & Company:   Yeah, right, go ahead, Dan.
Dan D'Arrigo:   The Mirage unfortunately had an unfavorable legal lawsuit go against it in the quarter, and they actually took about $6 to $7 million accrual for that legal matter.
Terry Lanni:   Yes. Which, that (inaudible) the story is not finished with that, on that legal matter. It's on appeal right now, but it was about $7 million hit in the quarter.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies & Company: 
 :
Terry Lanni:  Well, that's correct. As I pointed out some of the requirement is due at the end and near completion of construction and we start – actually we're about – I think about a year away from the door being completed, so we will start with giving condo proceeds in August of '09. So that is before the application of any condo proceeds, which we're expecting, obviously, based on our track record thus far.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies & Company:  And would the banks let you apply the condo proceeds toward the 2 billion needed?
Terry Lanni:  Yes.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies & Company:  Okay. So if you end up selling 2 billion of condos, the odds are you won't have to come up with a bulk of that money.
Terry Lanni:  That's correct.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies & Company:  Okay. You have big bank maturity next year. Anything going on with the banks on that?
Terry Lanni:  We had – our bank credit facility does not mature until 2011. I think you might be referring to – we have a couple of bond issuances that come due in – kind of around July and October of next year that –
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies & Company:  Right. (inaudible)
Terry Lanni:  Yes, totaled about $1.3 billion in total next year. So we'll be – after CityCenter will be working now on extending those maturities and being proactive on that front.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies & Company:  Okay. Okay. Is CapEx for next year, might we think something in the tune of $400 million plus/minus, which means the next 18 months your needs might be three quarters of a billion dollars, which means your positive cash flow generator excluding for CityCenter?
Terry Lanni:  Not to speak for our board as we'll be bringing that budget to the board in the upcoming months, but I think that'd be a fair step in higher [ph].
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies & Company: Okay, great. I commend you have probably close to a billion dollars of free cash flow excluding what you need to put in the CityCenter? Obviously, you're not going to answer that one.
Robert Baldwin:  Yeah, we're not – that's your estimate.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies & Company: Got to try. Last question on Macau, do you have a problem where you – just an expression, can't get there from here where the road is such that you got to almost drive past your place and go around the Macau tower? I know there's a conflict between China and the Macau about whose land is the – and it wanted – when the fund of yours that turned around? Any temporary solutions that may be down there to make ease of entry?
Terry Lanni: We are working with the SAR in Macau to a right hand turn lane in the front of our property. And it's not, kind of, you to have to go past it. You have to go all around down to the tower and then come back. It's about – if your leaving from the ferry station, you add about 12 minutes to it depending upon traffic. So that one we expect and hopefully we'll have resolve much sooner than later. And you're right. The issue is, when they reclaimed land, the Chinese government claims that that's still part of China. So the widened that road there is more difficult in front of our property because the widening area would have to go into what is perceived by the central government of Beijing to be China's compared to a special administrative region. But we think, we could (inaudible) – we think, we could get that right hand turn lane regardless and we've had the chief executive's commitment for that, and that's job number one for Grant Bowie.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies & Company: So, basically, if I have this right, if you have, your condo sales are over 2 billion, and you really don't need to raise any additional money for CityCenter and you'll end up with more than $1 billion of increased free cash over the next 18 months.
Terry Lanni:  I think you're on the right track, Larry.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies & Company:  Alright, thanks, Terry.
Terry Lanni:  I mean its been a – its been a remarkable commentary around CityCenter financing than we've done dozens of bank financings over the past decade and there's an incredible amount of interest in this particular one. And, it has taken a little bit longer than we would have like because we've been having healthy discussions on rate and also on structure. But, we're over halfway there. We're going to get it done this quarter. We wanted it done last quarter but we're going to get it done this quarter. And in the mean time, we're funding CityCenter with our partners and we have tremendous amount of optionality with it in terms of our own lines, in terms of other joint venture financings, in terms of bank financings. And we think it's been completely overdone in terms of the interest on this, but nonetheless, it's topical.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies & Company:  All right. Thanks, guys.
Terry Lanni:  Thanks.
Dan D'Arrigo: Thanks, Larry.
Operator:  Your next question is from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley – UBS:  Great, thanks. You saw the news yesterday about the Jean, Nevada joint venture and obviously the news is echelon the board had the other day. I wonder if you could comment on your joint venture with Kerzner and whether the timing of that has changed. Anything changing there?
Terry Lanni: I can take that. Robin, its Terry Lanni. We have selected a architect and we're in the final stages of dealing with that particular entity. We suspect we've had that in position probably by October. We will not be breaking ground anytime soon on that project, obviously, because of the credit market as they are. But, we're still very excited about as is Kerzner and we continue to meet them and fine-tune it. One of the advantages you'll have with this credit market is, being the way they are, it allows us to get much more detail into the drawing. When we do, eventually begun construction on these properties that will be a much better understanding of what the actual cost would be and the chance of having overruns and what have you, obviously, would be mitigated. So, that's a built-in advantage from the disadvantage of the credit market as they are.
Bobby Baldwin :  And I would add, Robin that – and I haven't seen a lot of this, maybe it's been done. But the amount of new capacities that's going to hit Las Vegas is going to be a fraction of what people thought was going to be a year ago. I mean a dramatic decline because of many reasons not only the credit market, construction cost, the ability to finance these projects. It really boils down to– if you're not almost done, you're just not going to do anything for a long time in Las Vegas. And that, of course, accrues to the benefit of the incumbents and as long as this market continues to show it's durability, and a lot of people are coming here even right now, we – and continue to build our market share as we are, we think that's a positive. So, you're right. We pushed off joint ventures. We canceled some – many projects that has been announced will just never be built and the reality is if you're not here right now, if you're not fully financed or have the balance sheets to do projects, you're just not going to do anything over the next several years. And that we think is a profound positive for our competitors that are here today and ourselves.
Robin Farley – UBS:  Great. Thanks. And two other questions on. One, just to clarify on the City Center budget. You mentioned $9.1 billion. On the last call you talked about $8.3 to $8.6 billion. Is there a difference? Is some of that just pre-opening or can you just clarify, sort of how the budget has changed if it has changed in the last quarter?
Dan D'Arrigo:  Sure, Robin. This is Dan. Two things. One is the 9.1 does include pre-opening which is about $300 million and also that number is the full GEMP number which still contains some contingencies and some potential costing. So, it's up to our collective efforts now to keep everyone on time and well within these GEMP amount. So, the number that I have given you, is on the outside GEMP– it relates to the outside GEMP numbers that are essentially locked down now.
Terry Lanni:   And the number we gave you last quarter is unchanged in terms of guidance and obviously the delay of many projects puts Bobby and his team in a better competitive position as we debate costs at every level with CityCenter in that the tide is turned a little bit, so that the owners now have a lot more leverage than the builders.
Robin Farley – UBS: 
 :
Terry Lanni:   Sure, I'll tackle that Robin, and maybe my colleagues can jump in. You know, when we last talked to you all, three months ago, of course gas was about $3.66 a gallon, and then, its back well over $4 and it's come down quite a bit. We had a view as to the second half on the convention side, we don't really do well on the third quarter on the convention business and that's really our best lead indicator as you know and we just can't get businesses to come out here in any numbers in the third quarter, particularly, in July and August. We see improvement in a variety of areas on the convention side even beginning right after Labor Day but, particularly, in the fourth quarter. So, one element at the fourth quarter will be on the convention side. I think you'll see positive comparison from a standpoint of the year-over-year trends versus what we're seeing this year, number one. Number two. We've had many self inflicted wounds here in Las Vegas. We've alluded to it but I don't think we've been specific from a standpoint of the massive amount that capital were spending this year and what the impact has been on traffic. The casino floor, the entire floor of New York- New York, is basically been out of service this year as we've gutted that floor and totally remodeled it. It will be done. The Luxur, of course, has had a profound repositioning and we opened up a new Cirque du Soleil show in October, which along with other restaurants and a very successful nightclubs and other venues, will prove to the benefit of that property. And I can go property by property. I mean, every property has its own story but that's a big component. The third component is the room nights that have been out of service. I mean, to give you a sense of it, in the second quarter, we had about 77,000 room nights out of service. We just didn't have them available because of the room remodels. The third quarter that will drop to 35,000 room nights and the fourth quarter it's only 5,000 room nights and we'll have, basically, minimal room nights out of service throughout the entire year of 2009. And we look very encouraging on the event side as well from a standpoint of our entertainment. Big concert, big fights, and so when we – have forecast it as we're trying to get a handle on what's happening here in Las Vegas in particular, we have shown to our operators improvements in REVPAR in the year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter. We see improvements in overall property trends because of what I just mentioned and the booking trends for 2009 are quite clear. So unless we get another shoe to drop, and we have another major economic hit to the whole system, the whole economy, we feel very confident that the fourth quarter will be better than the third. A And the final point is the cost savings. We have had many initiatives, it's been a lot of work. It's been exhaustive right from the CEO down. And every quarter we get more of the benefits of that, it was over $50 million in the second quarter alone, and that will be more in the third, and more in fourth, and the 200 million I gave as an annual number is a minimum number, it's going to improve we believe in 2009.
Robin Farley – UBS:  All right. Thank you.
Terry Lanni:   Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question is from Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley:  Hi guys, good morning. Jim, sorry to belabor the point, I just want to be clear on what your saying on the fourth quarter. You're saying that fourth quarter will be better than the first three but you're not saying it will be up year-over-year. Is that right?
Jim Murren:  That's correct. We were down, obviously we're giving you the REVPAR trends. You see what we've done in terms of cash flow decline year-over-year. We think that we're going to – the decline in the fourth quarter will be the least, the smallest decline of the year. And so sequentially, from a profit perspective on year-over-year basis, we're going to improve.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you. And then, when should we see the benefit or have we already see – started to see the benefit of the reopened Baccarat Room in terms of the comp last year? Did you close that in the second half last year or in the first half?
Terry Lanni: In the Bellagio?
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: Yes.
Terry Lanni: I'm not certain, exactly when the new Baccarat Room reopened. It was late last year, right?
Jim Murren: Yeah, it was in December. So, we've had Baccarat – Baccarat volumes are up, year-to-date and then they were up. In the second quarter, we certainly picked up market share in the second quarter as a company and Bellagio was leading the way this year in the second quarter from a volume perspective. And as a company, as we've said, we held about the same year-over-year in our range.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: Last year, the second quarter, it was closed?
Dan D'Arrigo:  No, I think, it closed – Celeste, this is Dan. I think, it was around of late July or early August and reopened in mid to late December.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks. And then finally, you mentioned that few times and then the release of $1.65 billion of commitments. How firm is that? Is that contingent on getting the rest of the money? Is that – they signed a dotted line? It's just–?
Dan D'Arrigo: There's a firm commitment. They've done all their due diligence. That's part of what's kind of taken long with consultants and third party that these banks have hired. So there's a pretty firm commitment.
Jim Murren: They're not pretty firm. They are firm commitment.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: And the 1.65 just refers to the lead banks? Or that refers to the lead banks plus the smaller commitment.
Terry Lanni: That's just the classified banks. We have actually more committed than that but we – nicely more than that, but we're not going to give kind of day to day updates on that. But that's why we believe that we're going to close this deal this quarter because we're in the homestretch.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then, one last question. Are you – have you renewed your focus on the gaming customer given the pressures on the non-gaming customer in this environment or are the things you mentioned from a marketing perspective just something you are doing as you think about the entire company? I guess, Jim, since you've taken over as COO?
Jim Murren:  Well, we've done really, really well on the non-gaming side. And in fact, room revenue is down because of ADR, but on the other non-gaming sides, we're doing extremely well and obviously we think we're going to pick up. We've never lost sight of the gaming customer. We do very well. We have a commanding share of the high-end of the business, as you know, and we have good shares up and down the food chain on gaming. What we have done is we have spent more time on the technology of the gaming customer and improving our understanding of the gaming customer like our competitors have done. And what I was alluding to – that we don't think we've led the market from a standpoint of loyalty programs, customer acquisition, data base mining. We haven't been the leader there, and we will be. It's not particularly difficult, it should take some time and that is absolutely an emphasis. We are not going to compete as the price leader. We're not going to do that. We don't have to. We have the best properties. But, we can provide more value to our customers as other companies have done and that is an emphasis, yes. And it has been an increasing emphasis over the past year.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley:  Okay, thank you.
Jim Murren:  Thanks.
Dan D'Arrigo: Amanda, I think we're approaching our 9 o'clock hour or noon there in the east coast, and we will take one more question and wrap-up.
Operator:  Thank you. Your final question is from Joseph Greff with JP Morgan.
Dan D'Arrigo: Hi, Joe.
Joseph Greff – JP Morgan: 
 :
Jim Murren: 
 :
Terry Lanni:   And we're confident because we know them. We know these– these are not for the most part, these are not people that are unknown to us. These are people that have been well-acquainted with MGM Mirage, for any number of reasons. We have as good a degree of confidence as you can have in this very turbulent time, we don't know what's going to happen next year, but this is not a foreign entity for us. We've had experienced closing condos in the past. These particular customers are well-known to us, and we feel as good as you can feel, given the economy right now.
Joseph Greff – JP Morgan: 
 :
Dan D'Arrigo: Well, that's financing package is not contingent on the condo piece. So, I think that's kind of two separate—two separate pieces.
Joseph Greff – JP Morgan:  Okay. Thanks.
Dan D'Arrigo: And I think, with that, Amanda, we'll end there. For anyone who has any follow-up questions or calls, please feel free to call my office and we'll be happy to take those calls. And thank you for joining us this morning.
Operator:  Thanks for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Terry Lanni - Chairman & CEO Bobby Baldwin - Chief Design & Construction Officer of MGM MIRAGE, President &  CEO of CityCenter Jim Murren - President & COO Dan D'Arrigo - EV & CFO Gary Jacobs - EVP, General Counsel & Secretary Aldo Manzini - EVP & CAO
Analysts: Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the MGM Mirage first quarter 2008 conference call. Joining the call from the company today are Terry Lanni, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Murren, President and Chief Operating Officer, Bobby Baldwin, Chief Design and Construction officer of MGM Mirage and President and CEO of CityCenter, Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer, Gary Jacobs, EVP, General Counsel and Secretary, and Aldo Manzini, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer. (Operator Instructions) Now I'll like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo. Please go ahead, sir. 
Dan D'Arrigo: Thank you, Tina and good morning, everyone and welcome to the MGM Mirage first quarter Earnings Call. This call this morning is being broadcast live on the internet at www.mgmmirage.com, and at companyboardroom.com. A complete replay of the call will be available on the company's website. This morning we furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K a copy of the attached press release and in addition we posted supplemental significant detail related to our resort properties on the company's website. Before turning the call over just a quick Safe Harbor disclosure. Information we present on this call may contain forward-looking statements as defined by the SEC. Such forward-looking statements are protected by the Safe Harbor amendments of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could caution actual results to differ materially from estimates. Listeners should also refer to our disclosures about risks and uncertainties made in our filings with the SEC. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Terry Lanni for his introductory comments and some initial commentary on our results and development initiatives.
Terry Lanni: Thank you, Dan, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Let me first make some comments regarding our results in the first quarter and how we see the current environment. The first quarter was obviously challenging. It was clearly impacted by the economy. We did expect this and certainly had already discussed our experience in January and part of February during our last earnings call. We still reported solid results and cash flows at all of our resorts. We have been continually adjusting to the environment and ensuring that we really maximize the volume of guests in each of our resorts. And we continue to look for areas of revenue growth that through marketing and other initiatives, as well as areas for managing expenses as evidenced by our recent reduction in management positions. It's relatively difficult for us to forecast trends into the next few quarters, but so far in the second quarter we are seeing much of the same as it relates to customer volumes and our job is to manage within the context to maximize profitability in what will surely be a rather challenge alleging year. We clearly have not reached our potential in Detroit as the Detroit market is also been challenged. We have the best asset in the marketplace and will continue to seek opportunities to maximize our returns. Let me give you brief comments on the MGM Grand Macao results. MGM Grand Macao generated net revenues of approximately $298 million, and property EBITDA of $43 million. We are generally pleased with the resorts performance thus far, but clearly know that we have several areas to improve on going forward. We expect margins will improve at this joint venture as it grows in this dynamic marketplace and remain focused on improving results in all operating segments. As many of you know, the Chief Executive of Macao, Edmund Ho has recently made comments regarding several initiatives, including placing a hold on new gaming concessions and sub concessions. We frankly see this as a positive development. We do not believe that it will have an impact on our expansion of MGM Grand Macao, which is under way or on our plans for a resort and co-tie] where we have submitted a development plan for that site and each of those initiatives seem to fall within the statements that Chief Executive Edmund Ho made and we'll define that as we have upcoming meetings with him but we feel pretty comfortable with that. On the development initiatives, MGM Grand Foxwoods opens on May 17 , a little bit later this month and we’ll continue to earn a branding and licensing fee for the use of the MGM Grand name while the Mashantucket Pequot nation will operate Foxwoods. They own it and they will operate it, as I say. The new resort is part of the overall Foxwoods campus. In Atlantic City the water club at Borgata will open in June this quarter. And we believe it will be another stellar offering in that marketplace and very complementary to our future MGM Grand Atlantic City, which is situated immediately next door. As it relates to our development in Atlantic City we continue to design work with KPF, New York and we are in the midst of a CAFRA review, which for those of you who are not familiar with New Jersey is the Coastal Agency Facility Review Act which requires an additional look at anything within a close proximity to the coast line, which our project is. We are in the advanced stage of the selection process for a general contractor and will be able to note that some time in the near future. Abu Dhabi we continue to assist in the design of MGM Grand Abu Dhabi and are close to naming an architect for this prestigious and significant project. Bobby is going to give you a full update so I won't mention any thing CityCenter he will give you at his comments. I would now turn it back over to Dan for a few detailed comments on our operating results for the first quarter.
Dan D'Arrigo: Thank you, Terry. Tina, can you make sure that everybody is in a listen-only mode. We got a little bit of feedback there. Thank you.
Operator: Yes, sir, one moment. All line are muted.
Dan D'Arrigo: Thank you. 
Operator: You're welcome. 
Dan D'Arrigo: I'd like to provide a short summary right now on the results for our first quarter. The full details were laid out in our earnings release this morning, as well as the supplemental data that we posted to our website earlier today. Our overall operating results this morning we reported diluted EPS from continuing operations for the first quarter of $0.40 per share compared to $0.55 per share in the prior year's quarter. The prior year quarter just to note was an all time company record for any first quarter in the company's history. So we had a pretty tough comp year-over-year. On the operating basis as Terry has mentioned, the economy has certainly impacted our business results here in the first quarter, as well as the closure of Monte Carlo, which negatively impacted our results and we incurred some additional depreciation expense with the newer larger MGM Grand Detroit resort. Net revenues decreased 2% to approximately $1.9 billion in the quarter. Our casino revenues decreased by 3% and our net non-casino revenues were 2% lower. Revenues were down in our Las Vegas resorts by roughly 5%, but excluding Monte Carlo in both periods our strip properties were down approximately 3% year-over-year. While we saw decreases this year again we are mindful of the fact that the 2007 first quarter was a record on most measures for the company. As outlined in the press release our property EBITDA was down approximately 12%. This property EBITDA was impacted by the lower RevPAR numbers in the quarter, lower results at our Mississippi properties and continued ramp up of our Detroit facility, which impacted our ability to leverage the additional gaming capacity and new hotel and dining amenities at that resort. Just a couple of quick comments on our Detroit facility. It's a spectacular facility and that facility in the Detroit marketplace now commands over 40% market share and continues to earn rave reviews. As Terry mentioned, this market is a little bit challenging at the moment but we believe that our investment will provide excellent long-term returns as we continue to focus on not only driving top line growth but improving our margins as we move forward. Monte Carlo reported property EBITDA of $14 million this year compared to $34 million in the prior year quarter due to the closure as a result of the fire during this year's quarter. We recorded recovery of costs incurred during the quarter but did not record any recovery for lost profit and we will do so once all continued proceeds of our insurance claims have been resolved. Excluding Monte Carlo property EBITDA in both periods was down 10%. We earned a little less from our unconsolidated affiliate line this quarter as both (inaudible)10 1:04 and Silver Legacy decreased slightly year-over-year and the prior year results also included about $8 million of profit from the signature at MGM Grand condominium profits. Additionally our CityCenter residential costs are now being recorded against this line in the current year period versus the last year period where it was part of our EBITDA and broken out separately. These negative impacts were partially offset by the income we picked up related to the full first quarter operations of MGM Grand Macau. Also our pre-opening expenses were slightly lower during the quarter given the completion of our Detroit and Macau properties in the fourth quarter of last year. Our property EBITDA margin was 31% in the quarter and still pretty solid EBITDA margin despite what's going on around us in the broader economy. Our net interest expense for the quarter was approximately $150 million. This is significantly lower than our interest expense in 2007 of $184 million as we had overall lower debt balances this year during the first quarter as a result of the CityCenter joint venture transaction and the private placement of shares to Dubai World in the fourth quarter of '07 as well as the benefits of the lower interest rate environment related to our floating rate debt. These reductions were partially offset by increased borrowings related to our share repurchases during the first quarter of 2008, our gross interest expense in the first quarter of 2008 was roughly $189 million with capitalized interest of roughly $39 million in the quarter for net interest expense of about $150 million. Right now I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Murren for more detailed discussions on our operations.
James Murren : Thank you, Dan. First I'll talk about the non-gaming results and then get into gaming. On the room side our revenue was down $30 million or 6% in the quarter but it excludes Monte Carlo, rooms revenue was actually down only 3% year-over-year on the strip. As noted our RevPAR, was down 4% in the quarter. Our average rate was $155 in the quarter versus $169 in the prior year. Occupancy rate on the strip resorts was 93% in the quarter. We started out much weaker than that in January. Our January occupancy was actually 88.5% but we improved throughout the first quarter. We are 94.6% in February, for example, 97.3% in March and those trends improved and continued into the second quarter. We expect that RevPAR will be down again in the second quarter but less so than in the first quarter. May is looking like a pretty solid month for us. On the conference business we noted in the last call that our conference business had softened in the first quarter. It was actually down 10% in Q1. The attrition rates were very high in January. They are 18% company-wide but they were 16% in February, 13% in March, the attrition rates continued to improve as we move into the second quarter. It looks as though the second quarter on the convention and conference side will be much better than the first quarter. It might be down in the single digits at most. We obviously also had less rooms available in the first quarter primarily related to the Monte Carlo fire and we will have more rooms on the books going into the second half of the year, we get more rooms back in line as a result of room remodels that will be completed [inaudible]. Our revenue per occupied room or RevPAR was actually flat in the quarter and we've been able to drive good gaming revenue which I'll talk about in a minute especially in the high-end. On the gaming side, table game volume decreased 5%. The high-end actually held up well. We talked about having a soft Chinese new year as I think everyone did in town but we actually picked up a bit in March and here in April and on the high-end and we are encouraged, we have a tournament going on right now as does our friend down the street. It looks like the activity is better this year for that event than it was last year. Our whole percentage within the normal range in both quarters, both this year and last year, a little bit higher this year than last year but within that range that we've articulated in the past. Our slot volume was down 1% in the quarter. I think that's better than what most people had expected. We've actually had increases in slots [buying] at several problems including Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, Mirage, if you exclude Monte Carlo at slot revenue in Las Vegas Strip resort it was actually flat with a year ago. Our mid-market slot business has been soft. It was a challenge throughout the year and remains so and we've suffered a bit as well particularly down at Beau Rivage. We have been driving business through our ever increasingly beautiful properties through our loyalty marketing programs, better casino analytics marketing programs, cross marketing our shows, centralizing our call center, yielding our rooms more effectively as a company and putting technology into place to better rate our customers for, for example, our table touch system which went into the MGM already, going into Mandalay now and three more properties will be done by the end of the year. We've been upgrading our Internet channels, our web sites on the hotel side. Actually 17% of our occupied rooms were booked through branded web sites in the first quarter. That's up from 13% a year ago. And we are not emphasizing promotional activity to fill our rooms. We've actually been driving better occupancy through a mix shift as we lost some convention business we picked it up on the F.I.T. side.13 1:19 As Terry mentioned there's no doubt that we are in a tough economic environment. We continue to react to that. We are focused on areas where we can drive revenues and more efficiently improve our cost structure throughout the whole organization. On the revenue side many of these efforts are already underway. We've implemented them several quarters ago and they are starting to hit their stride right now. We have a rooms committee that allows us to adjust to the market more rapidly and we've been able to yield our rooms more cohesively and more efficiently as a result of that. Our gaming we've been able to mitigate some of the softness in the economy through more strategically placing events both in our arenas but also in our marketing events. This is a good example of it right now where we have a very strong high-end tournament going on as we speak. We are also very focused on leveraging our database and it has been something that we've been remiss to a degree in the past. We are focusing on it more now and I think you'll see better productivity in our profit results because of that. On the cost side as I mentioned technology is helping us. Our table rating system at the MGM we are putting it throughout the properties, that's going to improve our access to our customer actually improved customer service and actually improved margins, we believe. We have also done some of the back of the house areas where you wouldn't see but it's important to our cost structure where we are automating a variety of systems in the back of the house in order to get to our employees more quickly through, for example, an automated uniform dispensing system and be more efficient before we get to the customer. And obviously we've been monitoring our staffing. Really we do this on an ongoing nature. Our FTEs are down. They are down about 4% year-over-year and we've challenged our entire company property president's and corporate departments to look at how we do our business and in fact we've made many changes to how we operate our business more efficiently without we believe impacting customer service whatsoever or compromising our market assets. Based on that review and efforts that we have underway we've already identified opportunities to save over $75 million a year in efficiencies with more to come. We as a company continue to be positioned we believe very strongly in this market. We've been here before in tough economic times. We have positioned ourselves to be the market leader, to operate more efficiently and effective until a tough environment that we are in. We are making solid profits right now and when the time comes when the economy does pick up, which it will obviously eventually we'll be in a position to again as we are right now outperform our peers in terms of profitability. With that I will turn it over to Bobby Baldwin for his remarks.
Bobby Baldwin: Thank you, Jim. Good morning. As part of my comments I want to talk just a moment about Monte Carlo and its situation as you know we had a roof top fire that occurred in January 25, and this fire caused the complete closure for three weeks of the Monte Carlo facility. We reopened February 15 and since the reopening we've gradually added back more and more and more room inventory, as those rooms became available for occupancy. For the first quarter we lost 96,000 of room nights to rooms that were out of service and obviously that impacted our results. Beginning on the 15th of April, we'll have about 265 rooms out of service and then in mid-May we'll go down to 162 rooms that remain out of service, mostly suites in the top floor and they'll be out of service throughout the remainder of this year. We expect a total insurance claim as it results to this incident to be $85 million, about $49 million of business interruption and about $36 million in actual property damage. As relates to CityCenter, CityCenter we've been working of course on the overall cost of CityCenter as we work through our maximum price contracts with Perini Building Company. All the GMPs will be finalized by the ends of the third quarter and as relates to the overall cost of CityCenter it's consistent with what has been reported in the most recent Form 10-K. Total project costs are expected to be between $8.1 billion and $8.4 billion, excluding preopening expenses of about $200 million. As relates to the construction update, a few highlights: the central plant which is important to us oddly enough all of the customers never see it we can't do anything without it. We've actually fired up the central plant and we are beginning to provide cooling and in some cases heating to the various buildings on the CityCenter campus as we install interiors. This is very important to climate control. The hotel casino, the [Belle] hotel casino will top out this year in August. The concrete structure is complete up to level 52. Structural steel is complete in the hotels casinos west podium and about 90% complete in the east podium. The showroom for the Cirque du Soleil Elvis show, all the structural steel is erected and the exterior enclosure has begun. The Vdara tower right across the street is expected to top off in May which is three months earlier than the original schedule. The Mandarin tower is expected to top off in September. And the two Veer towers, the concrete structure for the Veer towers west and east is complete between, through level 17 and level 10 respectively. The retail center Crystals, all of its structural steel is up and we are beginning to frame some of the interior spaces and those spaces will be made available to our first group of tenants for their fit outs beginning in February. The Harmon hotel and its associated residences, its structural concrete decks have been placed through level 10. The podium structural steel there is scheduled for completion in July. The automatic people mover system, the tram system that goes from Bellagio has midpoint stop at CityCenter and a third stop at Monte Carlo. This guide way will be completed entirely by July 2008. The cars are in fabrication currently in Switzerland and the two stations at Bellagio and Monte Carlo are currently under construction. There are 13 large tower cranes on the site and approximately 6,100 workers currently. This peaks at midsummer at about 7,500 workers. On the residential front at CityCenter, CityCenter residential has now launched all four residential products, each branded, positioned and designed to cater to the distinct buying group and each receiving overwhelming market acceptance. With 1,365 units sold to-date we've generated $1.7 billion in sales. This equates to a project to-date, sales price of about $1,264 per square foot. CityCenter's sales pace and pricing is attributed to CityCenter's urban design and architecture. The quality of its interior layouts the array of services and amenities offered and, of course, the center strip location. Buyers are also encouraged by the construction progress and appreciate our planned on time delivery for November of next year. We are increasing our hotel marketing effectiveness for CityCenter with two new galleries to help promote the CityCenter residential products. The CityCenter residential gallery at MGM Grand opened February 1 and the CityCenter residential gallery at the hotel at Mandalay opened April 2. We have also engaged in [KEO], a subsidiary of Dubai World and Dubai's leading developer, marketer and seller of luxury residential real estate in the UAE to introduce CityCenter's residential products to the region in the eastern hemisphere. This new sales partnership provides CityCenter a new distinct pool of customers in that region. As you know, all sales contracts are accompanied by a 10% nonrefundable deposit with an additional 10% deposit due six months after signing and to-date we have had zero contract cancellations. And that concludes my report on CityCenter and I'll turn it back to Dan.
Dan D'Arrigo: Thank you, Bobby. Just a couple of final comments and a little bit of guidance to help you with your financial models for the second quarter and we'll open up for questions. For the first quarter, we invested approximately $236 million in capital expenditures. The details are outlined in our earnings release but this is pretty consistent with our overall yearly guidance of approximately $1 billion that we had previously provided. Regards to our capital position for the quarter, we borrowed approximately $1.6 billion in net debt in the quarter. Most of this attributable to our share repurchase in the quarter. Remember we completed a joint tender offer with Dubai World at a cost of about $680 million for our share of 8.5 million shares. In addition, we repurchased an additional 7 million shares in the open market during the quarter at a total cost of $427 million. We have roughly about 2.6 million shares remaining under our existing share buyback program. As relates to our balance sheet in February, we repaid $180 million of senior notes using our availability under our credit facility and had minimal debt maturities over the next 12 months. At quarter end, we have approximately $1.9 billion available under our bank credit facility with roughly a 60% of our debt being fixed and 40% of our outstanding debt being floating as of the ends of the quarter. We are currently in the marketplace talking to our lead group of banks with regards to securing financing for CityCenter. We recently held a bank meeting in Dubai with our partners there and these leading institutions which was extremely well attended. The feedback has been very positive from this initial group of banks and we look forward to progressing this financing here in the second quarter. The project is progressing quite well, as Bobby pointed out and given the sponsorship in the progress we are making on the construction front and on the residential sales program this is coming together quite nicely right now for us and our partners, Dubai World. Our balance sheet is quite strong. As of the end of March with ample bank capacity which affords us the ability to continue to significantly invest in our properties and plant the seeds for growth while at the same time providing us with the ability to be more opportunistic in how we access capital in these more difficult times. Our current RevPAR forecast for the second quarter shows a low single-digit percentage decrease compared to the prior year second quarter, maybe a touch better than what we saw in the first quarter, some specific guidance to help with your modeling in the second quarter. Our estimated total stock compensation expense is approximately $11 million in the quarter. Corporate expense in the high 30s, low $40 million range inclusive of about $4 million of stock compensation expense. Pre-opening expenses should be pretty consistent with the first quarter, primarily related to our share of pre-opening expenses for CityCenter. Our net interest expense will be consistent with the first quarter on a net basis of around $150 million. And our depreciation expense will be in the $190 million to $200 million range with an effective income tax rate of approximately 36% in the second quarter.  At this time I think we have roughly about 25 or 30 minutes left in our allotted hour time frame. I would like to turn it back over to Tina to open it up for questions and answers.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Larry Klatzkin with Jefferies & Co.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Hey Guys.
Terry Lanni: Hi Larry.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Good cost cutting. A couple of questions is as far as the extra 14 acres in AC are you guys still working on partners for that, is that something we could see in the future next quarter or two?
Terry Lanni:
 :
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: All right. And then as far as international hotel business goes what is going on in the Dubai project and in China, any outlook into that?
Terry Lanni: Actually we have our people right now like Gamal Aziz. President of Hospitality is in Dubai and Abu Dhabi. We mentioned earlier in our comments that Abu Dhabi, it is a $3 billion first phase of the significant project on waterfront there, which has three hotel products, 10,000 seat arena, half million square feet of convention, half million square feet of retail and that we would expect to have finalized with an architect shortly and begin construction there, again that's no investment on our part, by the end of summer, probably before Labor Day we would expect construction to begin. But again, project, $3 billion, no investment on our part. In China we are continuing our project. We have the second ring road in the Dallas temple project. That is beginning construction moving along. We have other products that we are looking at right now and we will be discussing with our board shortly in that particular marketplace. We are in Dubai and looking at different opportunities in the future there for a major hotel product, again, not owned by us, designed development and managed. So it continues to move and we think it is going to be a very fruitful relationship. There are other parts of the world we are looking at, other parts of the Middle East and outside the United Arab Emirates as well as in Singapore and in other cities in China.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Excellent. Okay. As far as the Macau law changes, do you see that as a positive what they said?
Terry Lanni: I do not think they are law changes. I think it is basically just a change in the interpretation of what can be done. As you know in the original issuance of concessions and original subsequent sub-concessions you had the ability to reopen with additional concessions that could have been considered in 2009. The Chief Executive in the last couple of weeks has indicated that that is not going to happen. There's going to be a pause in that particular regard. So I think it is positive. I think the other concessionaires and sub- concessionaires have made similar statement. Right now it is our interpretation, because these comments were made in response to a question of the Chief Executive in his legislative conference in, which he met with legislators, which he indicated these factors, but we believe we have each of our items in the pipeline sufficiently in the pipeline the way we understand it. We will get further clarification when Gary Jacobs and I are in Macao at the very early part of June with expect to meet with the Chief Executive and get further clarification. But on balance I think those of us with concessions and sub concessions are quite pleased.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: All right. And the last question, Dan, really for you, for you in Dubai funding CityCenter until you have a bank loan it is about 100 million a month each?
Dan D'Arrigo: That is roughly about right. And I think for the full year CityCenter, for the full 2008 CityCenter was looking at about $2.5 billion of total construction cost for this year. But like I said, we are in the market talking to our lead bank's right now and the initial response has been pretty positive.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: All right. As far as gaming revenues in the second quarter you gave room and such for second quarter but how is the gaming revenue look for April and May?
Jim Murren: Well, we do not give them out month to month but I did say, Larry, that we are pleased with what's going on right now in the high-end and on balance it looks like the second quarter is a lot like the first on the year-over-year basis.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: All right. Thank you, guys.
Teri Lanni: Thanks, Larry. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Lehman Brothers.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Hi, good morning, guys. Jim, you were talking about how the convention outlook is looking in the second quarter. I was wondering if you could give us your outlook on the third and fourth quarter.
Jim Murren: Sure. It is getting a little harder to project out quarters because we have gotten a lot of convention that have been either cancelled very soon before they were actually going to occur or actually been booked in very short periods of time. So we are usually a little bit better on this but I will give you a sense of it. It looks like as I said the second quarter looks like it is going to be better than the first. And then it is kind of a tale of which property you're talking about. Bellagio looks like it is going to have a very solid year all year long on the conference convention side. Mandalay Bay is doing better every month. MGM Grand will be down particularly in the third quarter where they had some big business in the third quarter '07, which will not be able to recover from that. And Mirage will be down as well. And those are our major properties as relates to it. So on balance I would say the first quarter is what it is. Second quarter will be better. It is unclear exactly how the second half will turn out except directionally Bellagio and Mandalay should do well. MGM Grand looks like it will be weak versus a year ago in the third quarter. And Mirage looks softer as well in the second half versus the last year quarter.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then just moving on to CityCenter, Bobby, you said that there were zero cancellations on the departs, but I was wondering if you can give us has there been any defaults, what the default statistics have been?
Bobby Baldwin: No, there have been no defaults at CityCenter.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. And then as of March you gave an update I guess of the condos, 52% have been sold and the hotel condos, 42%. Can you bring us very up to date on that as of now?
Bobby Baldwin:  I can not. As you know, the market has slowed down dramatically. It began to slow in December and for the first quarter we sold, how many units here?
Jim Murren:  First quarter we sold -- 
Bobby Baldwin: For the first quarter we sold $57 million worth of product or 56 units. And in April we sold $16 million, or $14 million. So the market has slowed down dramatically. The good news kind of bad news is that best we can tell based on our analysis we represented about 93% of the total Las Vegas sales for high rise condominium or condominium hotel products here. So the market is quiet although City Center still enjoys a great deal of success, it is quiet.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Are you seeing any kind of, I'm wondering if there is going to be a lag effect from the sales efforts you started in Dubai, have you seen any of that hitting your books yet?
Bobby Baldwin: We are going to, we are in the process of setting up a sales center over there as I mentioned and we are actually going to kick off a sales program in August. And our hope is to sell 100 units in our first launch over there and we are excited about that.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. With CityCenter, I am wondering if you can give us any sense of timing? Dan, you were pretty positive on your conversations you're having with the banks but I was wondering if you could give us any sense of timing when this might all get wrapped up. I am wondering with the funding that you and Dubai World are putting into the JV now off your own balance sheet, do you get that repaid to you once the financing is complete at the JV level?
Dan D'Arrigo: Well, as far as it relates to timing, Felicia we are looking at a time line of wrapping this up by this summer, by the end of the second quarter here and as it relates to the funding we are making right now, we will see how that negotiation goes with the banks. We may get some of those funds back. We might leave it in for more equity and drive better pricing in terms of the bank deal.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Just one last question. I am sorry, do you have more to add to your previous answer?
Dan D'Arrigo: I'm sorry, Felicia, Jim, I was going to add couple of things but we were over there, Dan and I were both over there. The response was very strong. And I'm sure, I'm pretty sure that by the time we report the next quarter we will be able to tell you all about the deal itself, $3.5 billion deal. It won't be a matter in our view of getting the deal done. It will be a matter of pricing. And the pricing obviously will be wide what it would have been say six months ago but those of you who were around like we were when we did the Borgata deal for example back in ‘99 I guess then, the pricing will be inside of that and, of course, LIBOR is lower as an absolute number. So we are going to get a very solid deal done. It will be at I think very reasonable pricing. The demand is quite high. Not only because MGM has good credit but frankly at lot of our banks are welcoming the opportunity to develop a relationship with our partner Dubai World. And so it is a matter of differentiating ourselves a little bit which I think we are doing then will be completed the next couple of months.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. And then just final question, on the fourth quarter had you given us the expectations that all the GMP contracts would be signed by this quarter so I was just wondering what has changed there? Bobby?
Bobby Baldwin: We have one outstanding item. Actually we have eight GMPs and we have actually received seven of them, one we are going to receive the pricing for GMP eight which is the podium for the casino hotel, one of the most complicated pieces of business at CityCenter. So that particular eighth GMP is, its due date is June 30 and it is going to take us about two months to work through all the detail. So we actually get it at the end of the second quarter but we are not going to execute it probably until the third quarter. And that's the eighth GMP. Most all other GMPs will be or will be executed in the second quarter but not the east and west podium of the Belle casino hotel. That particular piece of business is currently priced, just that one component, at $1.270 billion has many thousands of pages of details associated with us so that one is taking longer to work through.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot for your time.
Bobby Baldwin: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Lerner with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Thanks, hi, guys. Two questions one, Jim, you mentioned you've identified about $75 million in I think cost saves. Could you just either color that in a little bit or give us a sense of the time frame and then I have a follow up, thanks.
Jim Murren: Sure, Bill. Obviously, payroll reduction was one component of it and not the just head lines. We were obviously sorry that we have to do that. But that really was not even the majority component of the cost that we have been able to pull out of the existing expense structure. As I said earlier we really challenged everybody corporate and property wide to go through all of their P&L to look for ways in improving our cost structure, really changing the way we are doing business. We have a variety of energy projects, for example underway which will save tens of millions of dollars on an annualized basis and that's a great effort that's been done at the corporate level but also at the property level. We have dramatically reduced our consulting relationships and our travel and advertising expenses. We have reduced our inventory supply and inventories in general where they have been sitting in warehouses. We have improved our ability from an HR perspective to touch the customers more directly and reduce the layers of supervision and management in order to do that. We have been a little bit smarter on our special events and our casino comping and drilled into those type of expenses both on tee needs but also on our casino comps and that's why will you see our profitability and our margins actually holding up pretty well. And these experiences will drill into throughout 2008 and into 2009. So the number that we talk about is a large but growing number and it really reflects a change in how we are doing business to become more efficient. Payroll is obviously a component of it. There is not a company in our industry that has not laid off people regardless what have they say. And the issue is getting your payroll and your volumes to align with one another. And also the issue is getting to be smarter about how you manage your business without affecting customer service which we have never done and will not do and the results are obvious. No one made more money in the first quarter than Bellagio. We also had number three and number four in the first quarter. So the customers respond to our properties, we continue reinvest in them and I think what you will fine also as we spend our capital you will see us spend capital with very high emphasis on in current and long-term returns on investment and there is a lot of scrutiny as relates to that and again no one is spending more money than we are. I think Dan mentioned, we are spending about $1 billion this year. We are investing in our properties a lot here, expanding them. We opened a new theater at Luxor, for example, in September with Cirque du Soleil, Criss Angel. Several new venues up and down the strip, we are remodeling rooms at a more rapid pace than our competitors, that generates better ADR and better volumes and better revenue in general. It is a combination of some revenue initiatives and also some cost savings which we actually began last September have been more emphasizing since January and frankly we will continue to do on a going forward basis because we think that we can continue to improve our efficiencies.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: That is helpful. Thanks Jim. And then I just had a follow up. It strikes me that you guys get very little credit for this big pipeline of JV type deals where you are not using your own capital, you are contributing land or using your brand or management or construction expertise and maybe that's measured in hundreds of millions of dollars of cash flow going forward. How do you monetize that when you think about other fee businesses in lodging in the past that have traded at relatively big multiples? Is that how you're thinking about it?
Terry Lanni: Well, clearly that is a factor. When we sat down and worked with our board in determining that it seemed to us that we had great brands and the ability with the contacts that we had, our joint ventures with Mubadala frankly in Abu Dhabi and Dubai World encouraged us to do that and we do think that there's significant cash flows there and I know that Jim, when he was Chief Financial Officer, we used to always be very frustrated that the multiples with pure hotel companies enjoyed as compared to the gaming companies and at some point if that grows to a sufficient level, if that continued to be the factor we could certainly split the companies.
Jim Murren: I would add that of course we had a record first quarter in '07 and if you strip out Monte Carlo as we said earlier our cash flows were only down 10%. As Terry said internally here we are still making a considerable amount of money on an annualized basis or in the quarter. The key for us is with the balance sheet that we have and the way we want to reinvest our business how we build our build on that growth. We are capital intensive business and we think we can outthink our competitors in that area. We have in the past and our cash flows and our existing casino resorts we believe will continue to increase over a period of many years. However, I layered on top of that is the growth of MGM Mirage hospitality, which starts out with zero and growing into we think over time a very large company, which will not be capital intensive generating a significant amount of development in fee income on a going forward basis and that of course is the type of income that gets the higher multiple in the marketplace. It is complementary to what we are doing. It is not distracting to what we are doing. And we think it will overall accelerate our growth and improve and diversify our earnings. And I would agree with you, I do not think we get and maybe we should not yet but we do not get a significant amount of emphasis on that business because it is currently small.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley. 
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Good morning. What were the CityCenter JV costs in that JV line for the quarter?
Dan D'Arrigo: The expenses? 
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Yes.
Dan D'Arrigo: Our share, roughly about $3 million to $4 million. 
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Can we expect a similar level throughout the year or should that ramp as you get closer?
Dan D'Arrigo: It will ramp slightly this year and then it will be more, it will be higher level as we build out into next year closer to opening. So it will ramp off of these levels not too much this year but before next year.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then Jim, as you think about your two newer properties MGM Macau and Detroit without sort of speculating as to where the revenues go in this environment, where do you think, what kind of upside could there be on EBITDA if you were operating them at the efficiency level you could expect maybe in a couple of quarters?
Jim Murren: Well, I will make a general comment and maybe one specific on Detroit and I will bounce it over to Terry on Macau, maybe. But clearly you've been around awhile and you know that when we open up a property we open it up with over staffing our properties and spending a considerable amount of money on pre-opening as we position a property. We went into Detroit from an interim facility with limited food and beverage, no entertainment, no hotel, no convention business, and really a gaming operation; to a full scale integrated resort. And spent a lot of money making the right impression and that clearly has happened. You can see our market share has grown substantially on the gaming side but more importantly we believe the feedback in the customer reaction and response to the nongaming side at Detroit has been very high. We have been ever since we opened working to improve the efficiencies. That property will make considerably more money than it is right now as we finish that program. It will take about all year. On top of that of course the economy is very tough in the Midwest and tough in Michigan and tough in Detroit. You have to take that into account when you think about what we will make there. What we can control, which is to drive more business through the properties through our marketing efforts and to improve efficiencies you should expect Detroit to make more money sequentially throughout '08 as we do what we do whenever we open a property and improve the margins. I guess a similar story being Macau, Terry, but I will turn it over to you. 
Terry Lanni:  Great. In Macau if you take a look at the parameters there, we are roughly about 9% of the capacity represented in MGM Grand Macau property and frankly since opening we are running about just under 8% of market share. So we are below our capacity in market share. But, one, we have an absolutely fabulous facility there. It is getting rave reviews from people. Number two, if you really look at it there is three components to the business in Macau. And the first component is the area of VIP rooms. A significant part of it, lower margins obviously because of the partners that you have there. We are exceeding our expectations there and we consistently have done that. The other two components are the mass market and the area of slot machines. Frankly, we erred in this because we were very fixated in getting that building open. We were having difficulties with subcontractors because everyone else was trying to get buildings finished and we put a lot of focus on that. The assumptions erroneously from us were the determination because MGM is a known name because of our former sister company, the studios that people would flock there in the mass market and the slot area. Well, those people come from the four coastal provinces of China, 90% of the business by most estimates there and frankly those people may recognize the studio but they didn't recognize the fact that there was an MGM Grand hotel casino if will you in Macau. So we need to be much more aggressive and we developed and are beginning to develop programs to deal with that mass market where we are underperforming and the slots were underperforming and we have seen some movement there, a positive movement in that regard. You are able to advertise nongaming aspects in a judicious matter in the People's Republic of China, that's something we had failed to do and it is something we are now addressing. So I believe we have a great facility, great people there and the ability and the to bring more customers in and we need to address those two areas of mass market and slots.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Terry, how do you think about the commission pressures in that market? Do you feel like the property is at an appropriate level or do you think you need to be paying more?
Terry Lanni: Well, we have adjusted that as of May 1 and I'm not going to give all the details on it. Let our competitors find out on their own as to how that works but we have adjusted that to deal with the marketplace as I said even without that adjustment we were getting a more than our fair share of that business and we expect even to grow that business further. The real issue though is that you really want to get as much business as you can in the mass market in slots because that's where the margins are. When you have partners sharing in the other it is an important part of the business but I think sincerely we really have to grow the other two parts of the business. What we are doing in the room operations we are doing quite well and I think as I am convinced that we are doing that well and continue to improve on it but I want to see the other two parts of the business grow so that we can really get the high margin returns that we should get.
Dan D'Arrigo: I think of that Terry, on that business, of course, we have known these junket operators for a long, long time. I think we have the best in the marketplace and we did adjust the structure as Terry said on May 1. We are clearly not leaving the market. We are anywhere but the most aggressive in that area. So we are leading with the relationship that we have with these operators and more importantly the facility and its location and not on price.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for question and answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. D'Arrigo for closing remarks.
Dan D'Arrigo: Well thank you, Tina, and thanks everyone for joining us. If there is any follow up questions please feel free to call my office and we will be around all day. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Terrence Lanni - Chairman & CEO Robert Baldwin - Chief Design & Construction Officer of MGM MIRAGE, President & CEO of CityCenter James Murren - President & COO Daniel D'Arrigo - EV & CFO Gary Jacobs - EVP, General Counsel & Secretary Aldo Manzini - EVP & CAO
Analysts: Lawrence Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co. Joseph Greff - Bear Stearns Robin Farley - UBS David Katz - Oppenheimer Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank Cameron McKnight - JP Morgan  Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley Jeffrey Logsdon – BMO
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the MGM MIRAGE fourth quarter conference call. Joining the call from the company today are Terry Lanni, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Murren, President and Chief Operating Officer, Bobby Baldwin, Chief Design and Construction Officer of MGM MIRAGE and President and CEO of CityCenter, Dan D'Arrigo, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gary Jacobs, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary, and Aldo Manzini, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer. (Operator Instructions)  Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan D'Arrigo. Please go ahead sir. 
Daniel D'Arrigo: Thank you, Heather, and good morning everyone and welcome to MGM MIRAGE's fourth quarter earnings call. This morning the call will be broadcast live on the Internet at www.mgm-mirage.com and at companyboardroom.com. A replay of the call will also be made available on our website. In addition, we furnished this morning this earnings release with the SEC on a form 8-K and additionally we provided supplemental financial information on the company's website for each of you. (Technical Difficulties) Before I turn it over to Terry, I've just a few opening comments here and some safe-harbor disclosures. The information we present on this call may contain forward-looking statements as defined by the SEC. Such forward-looking statements are protected by the Safe Harbor's Amendments of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainty that could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates. Listeners should also refer to our disclosures about risks and uncertainty made in our filings with the SEC.  And now I'd like to turn it over to Terry Lanni for some commentary on our development initiatives in CityCenter. 
Terrence Lanni: Thank you, Dan, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Before I get into some detailed information on our development activities, I would like to take a few moments to make some comments regarding our results for the year 2007.  We clearly had an excellent year in 2007. We generated revenue growth of 7% with very strong top-line performance in all areas of our operations. Our industry-leading operating margins remained very strong, excluding obviously, the items discussed in the release. Our property EBITDA margin was 36% in both the years of 2007 and the previous year 2006.  As a result of continued revenue growth and stable margins, we earned record profits in each of the four quarters last year. We opened two new resorts in 2007; the very exciting MGM Grand Detroit on October 2, last year and then MGM Grand Macau with our partner, Pansy Ho on December 18, again, an amazing facility. We entered into several new joint ventures and strategic partnerships with world class organizations which will truly set the framework for near-term and long-term growth.  Our future in this year, 2008, and well beyond, is very bright. And our management team will remain focused on expanding our operations domestically and internationally and operating our existing resorts to maximize their appeal to our visitors.  MGM Grand Macau as I mentioned, has had promising initial results. We have received very positive feedback from various parties. The property is absolutely beautiful. It takes time to build the business overall in Macau, in meeting our initial expectations. The high-end business is considerably stronger than we expected, particularly the junket room operators business, which is the mainstay of business, as you know, in Macau. We see significant opportunities in the mass market table games and slot business, as these operations have been below our expectations to date but continue to ramp up in the early weeks of operation there.  We believe there is significant opportunity to grow the Macau business and gain synergies with our existing properties and international marketing operations in various parts of the world. Our joint venture recently amended the bank credit facility to provide for the additional $400 million to fund expansion and provide seed money for our second site on the Kotai Strip.  With that, let me turn to the discussion of CityCenter. By now, everyone is aware that on November 15, last year, we closed on a transaction with Dubai World to contribute CityCenter to a 50:50 joint venture. This transaction represents an historic event for our company and we are honored to be working with Dubai World. Upon closing, we received a cash distribution from the joint venture of approximately $2.47 billion. We continue to be the developer and the manager of CityCenter on behalf of the joint venture, and Bobby Baldwin will provide a lot more detail on the developments in his comments in a brief period of time.  We also completed a private placement with Dubai World during the quarter for 14.2 million shares and the company received proceeds of $1.2 billion. We look forward to a productive relationship and an expanding relationship with Dubai World as our joint venture partner, and as a major stockholder of this company.  On the development side, further in Abu Dhabi – I'm going to take a couple of minutes to talk about that. During the quarter, we and our partners, Mubadala Development Company, announced plans to develop a $3 billion plus, non-gaming mixed-use resort in Abu Dhabi. And frankly, that's just phase one. They have plans for phase two and phase three beyond that. The initial phase will include an MGM Grand hotel, and two additional MGM branded luxury hotels. The development will also feature a major entertainment facility, high-end retail shops, and world-class dining and convention facilities. We are not investing any capital into this project. We will earn fees for managing the development and ongoing operations.  In the People's Republic of China, we and our partner, the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse, are moving forward with projects in major Chinese cities, including Beijing. We continue design work on our planned MGM Grand Atlantic City, a previously announced $4.5 billion - $5 billion destination casino resort, announced several months ago. We and our partners, Kerzner International, and Nakheel Hotel - part of Dubai World – continue to work on our planned mixed-use development on the North Las Vegas Strip. Within the next few weeks, the venture should finalize selection of the lead architect on this exciting project. I'd now like to turn this over to Dan for a few detailed comments on our operating results for the fourth quarter. 
Daniel D'Arrigo: Thank you, Terry. I'd like to provide a short summary of certain financial results for the fourth quarter, which were outlined and detailed in our press release this morning. About two weeks ago, we provided an estimate of our earnings with a range of approximately $0.60 - $0.65 per share excluding the impact of the gain we were to recognize on the CityCenter transaction. This morning, we reported diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the fourth quarter of $2.85, or $0.62 excluding the CityCenter gain, compared to $0.68 in the prior year's quarter which is consistent with the previously announced guidance.  Obviously, the CityCenter gain represented $2.23 per share and is one of the most meaningful items affecting the comparability in the quarter, but I'd also point out there's other items in the quarter that affected these results, one of which is the fact that our Signature at MGM Grand had completed its development and sales process in the third quarter of this year. And last year we had significant sales in contributions to EPS as a result of selling Tower 2 in the fourth quarter of last year. And as we outlined in the release, these factors are clearly stated in the year-over-year comparisons that affected. And we also had additional pre-opening expenses of roughly $0.09 more this year, due to Macau and Detroit, than we did last year. Obviously, you can roughly do your own calculations based on the items listed in the release, but on a comparable basis from EPS excluding all of these items, EPS was up roughly 8% in the quarter year-over-year.  Although, it's difficult to compare to some of the analysts' consensus, we've laid out the table such that you can do each of the analysis yourself, as certain of you included insurance proceeds or excluded, or included pre-opening and other items. But in order for a real apples-to-apples basis, we've laid out all the details in the earnings release, but on a comparable basis year-over-year, excluding these items, we're up a pretty nice 8% in the quarter.  On an operating performance basis, our net revenues increased 4% to $1.9 billion, driven by a strong Las Vegas Strip performance and additional revenues from the new MGM Grand Detroit resort. As outlined in the release, our overall property EBITDA was essentially flat on a comparable basis and looking at property EBITDA on a strip basis, excluding the certain charges of pre-opening, restructuring and property transactions, our property EBITDA on the Las Vegas Strip actually grew about 2% year-over-year to roughly $513 million, bringing our overall property EBITDA in the quarter to roughly $594 million which is slightly lower than last year, at about $600 million, excluding those items.  When we look on the Strip, our margins held up extremely well despite additional labor costs, as a result of our new union contract with that averaging annual increase of about 4% in our wages and benefits, and our margins continue to be pretty solid, and continue to be industry leading. Now I'd like to turn it over to Jim, for some more detailed discussion on the operation. 
James Murren : Well thank you Dan. Honestly, we're proud of the fourth quarter. Revenue and profits rose in every department, and the fourth quarter punctuated a really terrific and record year for us in 2007. Specifically in the fourth quarter, hotel revenue was up $23 million or about 5% in the quarter, if you exclude Detroit, because that opens, obviously, this year. In the fourth quarter of '07, revenue was actually up 4% year-over-year, still quite strong. Las Vegas strip REVPAR was up 4% that was our 18th consecutive quarter with REVPAR increases. We had a good rate, average rate was $156 in the quarter versus $151 in the prior year fourth quarter. Occupancy continued to be strong in the fourth quarter at our strip resorts: it was 93% in the fourth quarter, and that was consistent with the 2006 fourth quarter. Over on the food & beverage side, food and beverage were up 7%, entertainment revenues were up 8%, really a continuation of our strategy to invest in non-gaming areas. These strong results are continuing our ability to maximize our competitive advantages, and we have many more projects of that nature that will open up in 2008 and beyond. We made investments here in Las Vegas and outside of the strip, particularly here in Las Vegas. Things to look forward to this year would be the brand new theater at Luxor that opens up in September, with Cirque du Soleil and Chriss Angel. Another great restaurant venue over at the Mirage, we have rooms that are being remodeled almost throughout the portfolio properties, in particular at Mirage, TI, Excalibur, and New York. New York is going through a pretty significant transformation right now, the entire casino is being remodeled, and we're opening up a hot new club there, and a bar, and a bunch of good stuff. From a standpoint on the gaming side, gaming revenues are up 2% in the fourth quarter, led by very strong baccarat volumes. Baccarat was up 17% in volume in the fourth quarter. The high-end segment was very strong as we've been indicating to you all in the fourth quarter, continued into the first part of this year. Our overall whole percentage was in the normal range in both quarters, the fourth quarter this year and last. It was a little bit higher this year, in '07 than in '06, but both within our stated range. By the way, this was the best fourth quarter internationally in the history of this company, and, you know, a very strong December that punctuated a good year in international play. Over on the slots side, we had several really solid increases on slot revenues. Mirage was up 13% in the fourth quarter on slot revenues, Bellagio was up 10%, MGM Grand up 7%, Mandalay up 4%. We were down at some other properties, but overall strip slot revenue was up 3% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. Moving to Detroit, because we're proud of our new property there; it's doing well. It's below, from a profitability standpoint where we know it will be. It's made significant gains in revenue and in market share. Before we opened up the new facility our market share in Detroit was about 35%; now it's over 40%, about 41% in December. Our margins are improving, as is the case when we open up new properties, we overstaff them, and we work down the FTEs as we smooth out operations. FTEs are actually down significantly in Detroit, and equally importantly, our overtime costs are diminished to just about nothing, and it was a significant number in the fourth quarter. So you should expect to see margins - even in that difficult market - you should expect to see margins improve, as we continue to right-size the expense ratios in Detroit. From a standpoint on what we're doing, we're obviously aware of the economy, we read the papers and we know what's going on in the world and here in the United States. We have been, really since August, working pretty aggressively to maximize the profitability of our resorts. We've been consolidating many areas that don't touch the costumer, in many departments, I think payroll and compensation would be a good example of that. We've been deploying capital not only in places where you see it, but in places we think we could lead to greater efficiencies, such as, for example a table rating system that we've been deploying. We've been coordinating as a company more than ever, to drive revenue. We have room rate committees that establish themselves and meet on a weekly basis, and monthly basis. We have significant gaming coordination and we're finding that there's a lot of opportunity to drive revenue by working stronger together. We think in general, there's very fertile territory here to drive revenue, even in a tough economic environment, and certainly we can improve and continue to focus on costs, and as I say, it's been a very productive exercise so far.  So on balance, we're pleased with the fourth quarter results. We are well aware of what's happening in the economy; we'll drill into that as we talk about the first quarter and going into 2008. We're well prepared to handle these challenges, certainly more so than any of our competitors here in Las Vegas, or in the industry, and we feel like we have some good momentum, particularly as the year progresses, as we get into the third and fourth quarter. So with that I'll turn it over to Bobby to chat about CityCenter.
Robert Baldwin: Good morning everyone. Thanks, Jim. As you're all aware, on Friday, January 25, the Monte Carlo experienced a fire, on the roof of its 32 story hotel tower. The fire forced the immediate evacuation and subsequent closure of the hotel. The evacuation and fire suppression systems worked as designed and thankfully there were no injuries. The fire damages were largely contained to the roof; however there was smoke and severe water damage to many of the guest rooms and corridors. Construction and remediation work commenced immediately the next day, and Monte Carlo successfully reopened Friday, February 15, with a total of 1,224 rooms ready for occupancy. The casino is fully operational and will have a total of 2,026 rooms open for this weekend. And that includes all the rooms except the top six floors, which are 570 rooms. These rooms were more heavily damaged, primarily by the water, and these rooms are going to be completely redesigned and opened sometime this summer. The Monte Carlo is covered by insurance for property damage and business interruption. Our preliminary estimate of the claim associated with this fire is in the range of $90 million.  Update on CityCenter: Construction continues and remains on schedule, with an anticipated opening in late 2009, and we currently have 5,600 construction workers on the site. The number of construction workers on the site is expected to peak later this summer, at a total of 7,000. The Hotel Casino Tower at CityCenter is expected to top-out in September of this year. The concrete structure currently is up to level 36, drywall stud framing is ongoing through level 27, structural steel is completed in the west podium and 65% complete in the east podium, and 60% complete in the Convention Center. Vdara is expected top-out in August. Concrete structure is complete through level 42 currently. Curtain wall installation is complete through level 31. The Mandarin Oriental Tower is expected to top-out in September. Concrete's through level 24 and curtain wall is through level 15.  Concrete structure for the Veer Towers is complete through level 6, with one tower at level 2, with the other, while concrete decks have been placed through level 4 at the Harmon Hotel. Structural steel for Crystals retail area is approximately 80% complete. CityCenter residential sales update: Despite a tightening housing and credit environment that Jim has been discussing, we continue to be satisfied with our residential sales results. In the fourth quarter 97 units were sold for a total of $141 million. To date, we have now sold 1,336 units for over $1.67 billion with an average sales price of $1,269 per square foot. We are also encouraged that we have not yet received any contract rescissions and second deposits are now being received. This demonstrates a high quality in financial stability of our customers.  New marketing initiatives for 2008 include two new residential city center galleries at the MGM Grand Hotel and at Mandalay Bay. We also will expand our interim marketing efforts with collateral and television promotions as well as increasing our marketing efforts to our existing twenty plus million names on the MGM MIRAGE database. And finally, we are very excited that we are going to begin sales efforts in Dubai in April. By the end of the second quarter we will open a sales and marketing office in Dubai. And that completes my report, and I will send it back to you, Dan.
Daniel D'Arrigo: Thank you Bobby. Just some quick updates and some additional numbers, on the financial results, a little bit of guidance, and then we will have plenty of time for questions. For the quarter, we invested approximately $515 million in capital. The breakdown is listed in our earnings release, this morning. This brought our total 2007 capital expenditures basically in line with our guidance, roughly about 2.6 billion, excluding the strip land that we had purchased in April of this year.  Our balance sheet was significantly enhanced as a result of the cash we received, as Terry mentioned, on the CityCenter transaction and the private placement of our shares to Dubai World, this quarter. We paid down approximately $3 billion in debt. We bought back, approximately 7.4 million shares in the fourth quarter for approximately $652 million. And as we stated in the release, after year-end, we initiated the joint tender offer with Dubai World, which expired last Thursday. We will collectively purchase 15 million shares, of which MGM MIRAGE will purchase 8.5 million shares for approximately $680 million. That will leave about 10 million shares available under our current December 2007 authorization plan.  In February of this year, 2008, we repaid $180 million of senior notes using our credit facilities, and have only approximately $200 million in maturities remaining this year. So that gives us a lot of financial flexibility in 2008. After giving effect to the recent tender we have approximately $2.9 billion of availability under our senior credit facilities.  A little outlook on our future operations; we had given some preliminary indication of our first quarter results, through January, on our pre-release, a couple of weeks ago. Consistent with our experience in January, our forecast for the fourth quarter is for REVPAR to be slightly down, verses last year's quarter.  We are definitely seeing the effects of a weakened economy. It's mostly prominent in markets outside of Las Vegas and to some degree on mid-market properties, here in Las Vegas. Our larger resorts are faring much better then people give them credit for, but we are seeing some impacts from slightly higher attrition rates in the convention business, and our forecast for that business is to see that continue to ramp up and pick back up in the back half of this year. On the gaming side, we recently concluded our Chinese New Year events, and as Jim mentioned earlier, we had a record fourth quarter high-end season, mostly over our western New Years period. And due to certain factors, including the closeness and timing of the two events, Western New Years and Chinese New Years, and the high volume over the Western New Years period, our volume and win this year were lower in the Chinese New Years events than we experienced last year, which was much later in February, than experienced this year. Many of our Asian customers made visits during these periods, but with the holidays being much closer together, that did affect certain travel plans here, in the Chinese New Year period.  The over all tone of our high-end business remains solid. And we firmly believe that as we continue to grow our business in Macau that will continue to give us the opportunity to maximize some cross over visitation and introduce our product to new customers, going forward.  As it relates to Monte Carlo, as Bobby mentioned, related to the fire and the incident there, we can not yet measure the financial statement impact, though as we stated in our previous release, we maintain significant insurance coverage and expect the economic impact of this incident to be minimal. Some below-the-line item modeling and guidance line items: Our total stock expectation expense expected in the first quarter is estimated to be roughly around $11 million. Our corporate expense is projected to be, in the first quarter, $35-40 million, which includes roughly about $4 million of stock compensation expense. Pre-opening expenses will be minimal in the quarter. Our net interest expense is estimated to be around $200 million for the first quarter, with depreciation around $200 million as well. Our effective income tax rate is estimated to be approximately 36%. And looking forward, for 2008, we are anticipating our capital expenditures for 2008 to be approximately $1 billion, excluding and spending as a result of the Monte Carlo fire.    The composition of this $1 billion includes up to about $100 million relating to spending on our MGM Grand Atlantic City project, the remainder of which is divided almost a third each between our maintenance programs, our room remodel programs, which are currently underway, remodeling all the rooms and suites at the Mirage. TI will also undergo a room remodel program this year and later on this year we'll begin a multi-year remodel of our standard room product at MGM Grand Las Vegas. The remaining third is for our growth initiatives within our existing resorts, as Jim mentioned, the Cirque du Soleil Theatre at Luxor, several new restaurants at many of our resorts, and new and improved guest experiences throughout the portfolio.  So, with that, I would like to turn it back over to the operator. I think we have about roughly 30 minutes to take your questions.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Larry Klatzkin with Jefferies & Company.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co.:  Hey guys. Glad to hear Vegas is still strong and living. A couple of questions. One, Dan, for clarification. If you were to back everything out, I'm coming out with about $0.43 on about $552 million of EBITDA. Do those numbers sound right, because everyone coming up with slightly different numbers?
Daniel D'Arrigo: I think your $0.43 probably includes a couple of cents, I think, depending, it may include a couple of cents for Signature. And so it depends on how you are looking at that piece and after corporate expense you're probably around 540-550ish, sounds like about the right number, after corporate.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co.: Ok, good. Macau, January, February. How does that look right now? And what was the EBITDA in December? I realize it was probably a loss, given a short period in the start-up.
Daniel D'Arrigo: 
 :
Terrence Lanni:  Larry, I'll take this, it's Terry Lanni. As far as the operation, as you know, there are four components in Macau that are significant. Rooms, food and beverage is not one of those four, or any of those four. The four components obviously tend to be the mass market, which is broken down between slots and table games, and then we have the In House VIP, and we have the Room Operating VIP. If you take each of those categories, we are well ahead of any forecast we had in the room operators. We are running somewhere between 60%-75% in volume, over what we expected. And we are holding at the proper level.  As far as the aspect of our In House operations, that will be kicking in. It's ramping up. We are probably running about 40% below in volume in that area, but it was a higher differential before, it's ramping up as we go along. The mass market is the area that we have seen has been weakest to date, not unexpectedly, because our competitors have the same situation when they first opened. That has to do with the mass market table games and the slots, and those continue to ramp up. We are running on the table game aspect down about 15% from where we had expected to be. And on slots we are more like, about, 35% down. But those, again, are ramping up in the weeks that have continued. And so far we are on budget, as far as the EBITDA is concerned. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. Good. As far as AC goes, any more enlightenment as far as what the project is going to be like and timing of when you think it might be opening?
Daniel D'Arrigo: Well, we are in the process now, as you probably are familiar with CAFRA, the Costal Area Facility Review Act, we are in that process now. I spoke with Ken Rosenberg, who is the development person for that project, just yesterday, and he thinks we will be through CAFRA sometime this year. Maybe earlier in the year then we had originally anticipated. The design phase, we are finalizing that now, we have the preliminary work, and then we have the design work to be finalized and then we have to price that all out. And I would suspect that would be accomplished, all three of those components would be accomplished, during the year and everything finished by the end of the year, in that regard which would give us the ability to go into the ground in early '09. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co.: Oh, excellent. Okay. And then, are you guys still looking - you can't buy stock for another two days, but given the low level in the stock are you guys still going to go out there and aggressively look at buying your stock on an opportunistic basis?
Terrence Lanni: As Dan told you, we have about ten million shares available under the authorization from our board of directors, who will evaluate that from time to time. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co.: All right. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with Bear Stearns.
Joe Greff - Bear Stearns: 
. :
James Murren : Are you talking about in the convention business?
Joe Greff - Bear Stearns: Yes.
James Murren : Okay, sure. Well, we had a good fourth quarter net regarded well. In the first quarter of this year, if you add up all our convention business we are going to be down for sure. We think we will be down around 10% on room nights related to conventions. That is going to improve throughout the year. We think we will be down about half of that in the second quarter, maybe 5%-6% in the second quarter, in terms of convention room nights. We are actually showing a forecast of being up 6% in convention room nights in the third quarter and up again the fourth quarter.  So, kind of consistent with what – Terri, I think you were the first to be quoted back in August, that we saw weakness in our convention business for the first quarter of this year. That is turning out to be the case. However, that trend looks like it is going to improve throughout the year, particularly as we get in to the second half. We think it will be up pretty solidly in the second half of the year. 
Joe Greff - Bear Stearns: And Dan, would you be able to break out the Beau Rivage 4Q, property level EBITDA? 
Daniel D'Arrigo: Sure Joe. As we laid out in the release, the Beau Rivage had a 39.2 million credit to their G&A in the quarter. We will grab that number for you. I think, year-over-year they were down, excluding insurance proceeds in both periods, I think they were down about seven or eight million. I think they were about 18-19 million last year verses about 11-12 million this year, on a comparable basis. 
Joe Greff - Bear Stearns: And do you have the construction in progress balance at the end of the fourth quarter? 
Daniel D'Arrigo: I don’t have that in front of me, just yet, but we will be filling our 10-K by the end of next week.
Joe Greff - Bear Stearns: Thanks guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS
Robin Farley – UBS: 
Robert Baldwin:
Robin Farley - UBS:
Terrence Lanni:
Robin Farley - UBS:
Terrence Lanni:
Robin Farley - UBS:
Operator:
David Katz - Oppenheimer:
Daniel D'Arrigo:
Robert Baldwin:
David Katz - Oppenheimer:
Robert Baldwin:
David Katz - Oppenheimer:
James Murren:
Robert Baldwin:
David Katz - Oppenheimer:
Operator:
 :
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank:
Daniel D'Arrigo:
Terrence Lanni:
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank:
Terrence Lanni:
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank:
Terrence Lanni:
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank:
Operator:
Cameron McKnight – JP Morgan:
James Murren:
Terrence Lanni:
Cameron McKnight - JP Morgan :  Okay, great. Thanks. And you mentioned you’d increased debt facilities in Macau to accommodate seed costs on the second project. Can you give us some idea of how you’re thinking in terms of the framework around a second project? 
Daniel D'Arrigo: Well, we’re still working not only with our partner, but with the government Cameron there to secure the actual land. So until that’s done, which we think will be by the end of this year, we’ll be working on different development plans for that site, which right now have not been firmed up yet with our partner, but the site is a great site in a good location. It’s not as big as say the Venetian site or some of the other sites in Kotai. But it’s about double the size of the site we have on the Peninsula, and it’ll probably be another high-end boutique type hotel. But the absolute plans and program just haven’t been finalized yet.
Terrence Lanni: And Cameron, if I may add, our job number one at Macau is to expand the existing facility, and we’ll be moving into phase two and finishing the design work on that. And we’ll shortly move then from there into the construction phase, and that's well ahead of this but I would hope that we’d actually close on the second site before the end of this year. 
Cameron McKnight - JP Morgan : Okay, great, thanks, and just finally; Have you seen the impacts close to the opening of Palazzo?
Terrence Lanni: What’s Palazzo?
James Murren : I think it’s fair to say we have not and we’ll leave it at that. 
Cameron McKnight - JP Morgan : Great. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley:  Hi guys. A couple of questions. First, it sounded like you’re suggesting that Chinese New Year in Macau was quite strong just because people were staying in the region rather that coming to Las Vegas. Did you see any impact from the weather? Did that offset any of that potential growth?  
Terrence Lanni: I learned a long time ago not to use weather as an excuse for things. I can’t focus on that. I don’t really know. I just anecdotally - because we don’t have a lot of comparative figures, and talking to our people there and looking at the numbers on a daily basis, it’s pretty clear that the very strong business in Chinese New Year's in Macau from our standpoint. That’s the point. I can’t say if it’s from weather of what.   But I do think that, as it was pointed out by us earlier and Dan specifically, the close proximity between Western New Year's and Chinese New Year's had a significant effect, and as Jim had mentioned earlier and Dan did also, we did rather well against those people in Western New Year’s, and generally when you tend to lose a fair amount of money you like to recoup, and they may have stayed home and spent a little bit more time with their businesses also so that they could come back. But we’ll see them on a continuing basis.  
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: And then, just for Jim. Can you tell us what kind of groups have been the most aggressive in cancellation - in canceling - and then, for the people who are still coming, they’re spending less their hotel room, obviously. Are they spending less on their gaming and the other non-gaming components as well? 
James Murren :  Well, it’s the kind of groups, kind of broad, this is a generalization. We’ve seen some tech companies cancel, more actually defer than cancel. We’ll see if they ultimately cancel. But they’ve pushed things off into the second half of the year, which kind of gets back to Robin’s question why we feel it will get better.  We’ve seen some, you might find this surprising, but people in the financial services industry have reduced or delayed or cancelled their conventions altogether. For the most part, we’ve said that those would be the two areas I would point to. In terms of what they’re spending while they’re here, it’s really hard to drill into that too much. We have seen an impact on some of our food and beverage venues, but we’re still doing well on food and beverage and of course it’s always an indicator, always still selling out, and our shows are doing extremely well. And so most of our non-gaming venues, which would be convention oriented, retail is doing pretty well, holding up. On the gaming side, I think it would be more specific to the broader discussion that Dan mentioned in terms of the economy and middle market properties that we operate and own, we’ve seen a reduction in gaming volumes. And we’ve seen that, actually, for several months, not just recently, whereas we’re seeing pretty robust trends in our higher end. 
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Terrence Lanni: Heather, I think we have time for one more question. That would be great.
Operator: Okay. Your final question comes from the line of Jeff Logsdon of BMO
Jeff Logsdon – BMO:  Thank you. It looks like your receivables were up 13% or 14%. Is that all gaming related, and does that have any impact on what was going on with the new opening in Macau?
James Murren: Well, Macau is treated, from a financial statement standpoint, much like (indiscernible), so it’s not a consolidated entity on the face of our balance sheet, Jeff. And most of it’s attributable to the high-end play that we’ve talked about on Macau over the Western New Year period, and some of that doesn’t get closed out obviously until early this year when people either pay those balances or close them out while they’re here. So it’s basically a little bit of a timing issue. But with the strength of the high end play over Western New Year’s we had more receivables out this year.
Jeff Logsdon – BMO: Is there a critical path to getting some closure on licensing of Pansy Ho or is that just in limbo or twilight zone? 
Terrence Lanni: Well you know, as you recall, Pansy is not going through a licensing process; this is a finding of suitability. We can’t speak to where New Jersey is at in their process, but we’ve been, we, and she, continue to cooperate with them and hopefully we’ll get to a resolution soon. 
Jeff Logsdon – BMO:  Great, thanks. 
Terrence Lanni: Heather, I think, with that we’ll wrap it up. Thank you everyone for joining us. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to call my office directly and thanks for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s MGM MIRAGE fourth quarter conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Terrence Lanni - Chairman andChief Executive Officer Jim Murren - President and ChiefOperating Officer Dan D’Arrigo - Executive VicePresident and Chief Financial Officer Gary Jacobs - Executive VicePresident, General Counsel, and Secretary Aldo Mantini - Executive VicePresident and Chief Administrative Officer
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers Lawrence Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company Robin Farley - USB Stephen Kent - Goldman Sacks Joseph Greff - Bear Stearns &Company Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan
Operator: Good morning and welcome to theMGM Mirage third quarter conference call. Joining the call from the companytoday are Terri Lanni, Chairman and CEO, Jim Murren, President and COO, DanD’Arrigo, executive VP and CFO, Gary Jacobs, Executive VP, General Counsel, andSecretary, Aldo Mantini, Executive VP and CAO. Participants are in listen onlymode. After the companies remarks there will be a question and answer session.(Operator instructions). Now I would like to call the turn over to Mr. DanD’Arrigo.
Daniel D’Arrigo: Good morning everyone and welcometo the MGM Mirage third quarter earnings call. This call will be broadcastedlive via the internet on www.mgmmirage.com and at www.companyboardroom.com. Areplay of the call will also be available on our website. This morning wefurnished this earnings release and a form of AK with the FCC and thatinformation is available either on our website or with the SEC. Additioninformation and supplemental financial details were also posted to our websitethis morning and you can find that under our investor relations section of ourcompany website. Before we get started I’d like to read our Safe Harbordisclosure real quickly. Information we present on this call may containforward looking statements as defined by the SEC, such forward lookingstatements are protected by the Safe Harbor amendments, the private securitieslitigation reformat of 1995, you can indentify such statements by the use ofthe words we expect, we anticipate, and similar phrases. These forward lookingstatements may include information about future earnings expected businessdevelopment, anticipated capital expenditures, future financial alternatives,or other statements made about future periods. Forward looking statementsinvolve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differmaterially from estimates. Listeners should also refer to our disclosures aboutrisks and uncertainties made in our filings with the SEC. Now I’d like to turn the callover to Terry Lanni for discussion of our overall results.
J. Terrence Lanni: Good morning ladies andgentlemen. Dan, if I had known you were going to read that as well as you didwe would have made you CFO a long time ago. First I do want to recognize afew individuals who have recently been promoted in addition to Jim Murren as weknow, but Bobby Baldwin ahs been names chief design and construction officerand will continue to serve as president and CEO of the CityCenter developmentproject. Bobby is travelling internationally on company business and will notbe able to join us today.  Jim Murren, who we have had agreat relationship for a long period of time and for many years into the futurehas been made COO of the company, retaining his title as president, and he’llbe providing comments for the first time on a quarterly basis geared towardsoperating results and if he strays into the financial areas Dan and I willbring him right back. He’ll talk about the trends as well as our many growthinitiatives.  Dan D’Arrigo was promoted toexecutive VP and CFO; in addition to his many new responsibilities he’ll beproving financial results on this meetings call. Bob Sulwood is here with us todayand is now executive VP and CAO of the company. Also here today we welcome CathySantoro who has recently been promoted to senior VP and treasurer of ourcompany. Let me talk a little bit aboutthe overall results here. Earnings today we reporteddiluted EPS from continued operations of $0.62 from the third quarter thatcompares to the $0.53 in the prior years quarter. Earnings benefited from $135million of income from hurricane Katrina insurance recoveries for our BeauRivage property in Biloxi, Mississippi. The $135 million total is abovethe guidance that we gave of $44 million and that’s due to receipt of cashactually sooner than we expected. Awkward sometimes with insurance companiesthat you get money before you expect to get it, and the execution of finalsettlement agreements have taken place with several carries in the thirdquarter.  107 million is recorded inproperty transactions and $28 million is an offset to general andadministrative expenses. We very recently reached finalagreements with the remaining carriers. Our final proceeds numbers will be $635million. We expect to recognize approximately $150 million of income in thefourth quarter relative to this matter with approximately $40 million recordedas a reduction in general and administrative expenses and $110 million asproperty transactions. That would be the Beau Rivage property obviously. Dan will provide furtherexplanation of other amounts impacting comparability in the quarter in hiscomments which will be coming shortly. Top line performance for thecompany was strong as net revenues increased 6% to an all time record of $1.9billion. Hotel and non gaming results led the increase in revenue this quarter.Las Vegas stripREVPAR for the company was up 6% verses 2006. That represents our 17thconsecutive quarter of REVPAR increases of the strip here in Las Vegas. Many of our Las Vegas strip properties had record thirdquarter hotel revenues which is a very strong indicator of the strength of thismarket and the continued effectiveness of our operations and the management ofthose operations. Gaming revenues increased 3% intotal but were down 3% if you take out Beau Rivage and were impacted by a lowerhold percentage in our high end Baccarat business in the quarter.  Our customer trip levels remainedquite strong and we continue to believe our high end results will improve whenwe open MGM Grand Macau later this calendar year. We opened the all new MGM GrandDetroit on October 2nd and it is truly a spectacular hotel and casino resort.We held our recent board of directors meeting in Detroit and we were all extremely impressedwith the resort and its people. Congratulations to our Detroit team led byGeorge Boyer and Tony Brolick and Ben Mammima who is responsible for developingthe property on their behalf. It was a short project, most expensive buildingever built in the city of Detroit, and truly is transforming that city and Iencourage people to see it if you have not seen it. It’s quite a property. On CityCenter, we entered into ajoint venture agreement with Dubai World for 50% of CityCenter, it should benoted that we will continue to be the developer of that project. Once again wewill operate CityCenter and we will receive a management fee for doing that.This transaction truly represents a paradigm in our growth strategy, with usjoining a strategic financial partner in Dubai World, to leverage ourmanagement ability and real estate assets in the most effective way possiblethat we would even think of.  Along with the CityCentertransaction we completed the sale of 14.2 million shares of common stock at $84per share to Dubai World on October 18th. It should be noted that was also a13% premium over the price of the stock on the closing of that date. Thatproduced proceeds of approximately $1.2 billion. We expect to work alongsideDubai World for many years to come on CityCenter and a significant amount ofother global projects, many of which are under discussion as we are here today. We’re already working with DubaiWorld in connection with the Kerzner International Joint Venture in the Las Vegas strip on 40 acres of land that we contributed,across from Sahara and north of Circus Circus. We announce plans for MGM GrandAtlantic City, which will be between a $4.5 and $5 billion casino resort. Wewill initially use 60 of the 72 acres at that site, Renaissance point. 12 acreswill be reserved for future development, based upon the importance of the timeI could certainly have residential as a component, it certainly couldpotentially have an arena. We’re evaluating that as we move forward at thisproject, We are extremely excited aboutthis project and we believe it’s iconic Kohn Pederson Fox design and unmatchedamenities will drive increase casino and non casino demand in the Atlantic City marketplaceand it will be the most impactful resort in that markets history.  It should be noted that KohnPederson Fox is a firm that we have a great relationship with because they arealso designed the Manadarin Oriental at our CityCenter project, and that isindeed an iconic building into itself. At CityCenter, the constructionbudget has increased as we noted today approximately $400 million from $7.4billion to $7.8 billion. It always our goal to build the finest and the best,and yes projects do tend to increase in cost, and they increase in cost becauseof what we want to be sure that that is an iconic structure and a series ofstructures.  The cost increase is largely dueto other factors though, the complexity of the hotel casino podium, the theaterbuildings, and the (inaudible) designed group structure over the crystalsretail area which required additional steel, concreted and fabrications alongwith additional design changes for exterior lighting and water features andsite utility costs. As I like to say you have once change to make a great firstimpression and we are not going to do anything to deny this company theopportunity to do that with out project CityCenter. Construction has made substantialprogress during the third quarter; we’ve reached the 26th floor of the hotelcasino tower. Construction of Vidara, the condominium hotel has also reachedthe 26th floor. And Mandarin Oriental is up to level fifteen. All otherelements of the project are under way as well.  On the residential front sinceour last earnings call, we’ve contracted for $170 million of residential unitsbringing the total at CityCenter to over $1.5 billion. Almost half of allavailable units are now under hard contract to be sold. The Harmon residences,the final CityCenter residential project went on sale in September of this yearto friends and family and we’ve already contracted for 25% of those units andthere’s 207 units in that particular building. Sales to the public will startin early 2008.  In Macau,the updated cost estimate for the project is $1.25 billion, up from theprecious estimate of 1.1 billion dollars and as I mentioned earlier the resortis expected to open by the end of this year. I’ll now turn it over to Dan foradditional comments on our financial results. Dan.
Dan D’Arrigo: Thank you Terri. As Terrimentioned, I’ll first discuss some of the items that impacted our comparabilityyear over year. Profits from the sale of our condominium units at the signatureat MGM grand were 12 million In the current quarter versus 26 million In theprior year’s quarter. This us mostly due to the closeout essentially of Tower Cwhich I’ll get to a little later, but this impacted EPS by about $.03 in thequarter.  Terri already talked about theinsurance recoveries from Katrina that are included in property transactionsbut offsetting the $107 million profit in that particular line item were higherother property transactions in 2007. we had roughly about 18 million ofdemolition costs and write offs In the third quarter versus less than a millionin the prior years quarter, about a $.04 per share difference and most of thatwas at the MGM grand in Mandalay, for some of the room remodel and some of theother projects that are underway at those two properties. Also we had a $.06per share impact from preopening and startup expenses compared to only $.01 pershare in 2006, the current quarter is higher due to the October 3rd opening ofMGM Grand Detroit and the ramp up of preopening activities and our hare ofthose preopening activities at MGM Grand Macau.  Property EBITDA up 705 million asup 13% versus 621 million in the prior years quarter. Excluding the impact fromthe insurance recoveries, write down, preopening expenses, and the signatureprofits, property EBITDA was flat compared to 2006. The property EBITDA marginswere also consistent in both periods excluding these items. Corporate expense increased to 63million versus 35 million in the prior year quarter, the increase in corporateexpense over our original guidance of 40 million was due to certainunanticipated costs related to our recent announced transactions, the accrualof certain compensation costs and some development expenses related to Macauand Atlantic City, as well as CityCenter transaction costs. Our net interest expense was 180million dollars, which was consistent with our guidance. That was made up ofroughly 243 million of gross interest expense and about 63 million ofcapitalized interest in the third quarter.  I’ll now turn it over to Jim formore detailed components of our operating results.
Jim Murren: Thank you, Dan. I’m going todrill into some of our operating performance and give you an outlook as well ofwhat we see happening here. First in the hotel side, our hotel revenue was up7% in the quarter to 511 million that was notable since we had 29,000 lessavailable room nights here in Las Vegas versusthe prior year and that was primarily due to the room remodel project that’snow complete over at Mandalay Bay.  Terri had mentioned that ourREVPAR was up a healthy 6%, get into that our occupancy actually was up from 96to 97% and our ADR also increased, it went from 140 to $147. In fact, REVPARwas up everywhere in the quarter, in all our properties. I think it’s worthnoting that we are somewhat dependent on air traffic here in Las Vegas. In the market air seat capacityactually increased 16% year over year, and our daily air passengers haveincreased 5% into the market. That obviously bodes very well for our 36,500rooms here in Las Vegas,as approximately 70% of our customers come by plane.  On the food and beverage side,and also in entertainment, we’re very gratified, very strong results, food andbeverage revenue is up 10%, even up 6% without including Beau Rivage. All therestaurants and nightclubs continue to show nice growth in both volume and inprofits. Our entertainment revenue is up 13%, really strong demand across ourportfolio of entertainment amenities. Our Cirque shows continue to be a hugedraw here, and are obviously clear market leaders. In fact, our longest runningshow, Mystere, draws more customers than any of our competitors’ shows. Thetrick now for us, and we’ve been doing this for the last several quarters, isto capture more of the customer spend, through improved amenities and food andbeverage, entertainment on lounges. On the gaming side, our gamingrevenues were up 3%, but if you strip our Beau Rivage, they were actually down3%. To get into that a couple minutes here, our flat revenues were a mixed bag.Several of our properties here on Las Vegas Strip were up very nicely, up inthe 8% range, both at Bellagio, MGM Grand and Mirage, also Mandalay was up strong, up 9%. Overall, onthe Strip, our slot revenues were up 2%, and that means we were down on some ofour properties, such as Luxor, Monte Carlo, Excalibur. These are propertiesthat are undergoing fairly dramatic repositioning, which obviously impactstemporarily customer counts, which I’ll get into in a minute.  We’re also down at MGM GrandDetroit, in the interim facility. Obviously we were winding down that facility,and then closing it, when we opened up the MGM Grand that exists today onOctober 2, so that had a temporary impact on slot revenues there, and now I’lltell you how we’re doing in a minute, it’s very remarkable.  Table games side, our table gamesrevenues were down, that’s mainly due to a decrease in whole percentage, ourvolumes were flat, and Bellagio, of course, was down year over year in wholepercentage, which impacts the Bellagio’s EBITDA and our overall wholepercentage.  It’s also, I think, notable totalk about Bellagio. I think we closed the Baccarat room, Mike, in July. So thebaccarat room here at Bellagio has been closed. It is in a temporary location,which is obviously not optimal for the very high-end customers. We’ve learnt,and I don’t think anyone knows more about this business than we do, we learnedthat the high-end customers gravitate towards the best rooms. The privaterooms, the baccarat areas, are the stated of our technology and design. We’vebeen hamstrung by not having that room open, it opens up in time for the veryimportant season coming up, Christmas, New Year’s, Chinese New Year’s, soyou’ll see, I think, a positive impact at Bellagio due to that very importantnew amenity.  In fact, taking kind of a stepback, I’d remind people that it’s only been a short period of time since weacquired Mandalay Resort Group. It was in the middle of 2005, if you recall,and it took us a few months to find out where the restrooms were and figure outwhat we had there and also a few months more to put together an operational anddevelopment plan. That plan is rolling out right now, and the results, you cansee, have already been very profound, as we apply capital to these properties.The properties are responding immediately. That process is not yet done.  If you go into our propertiestoday, of the older Mandalayproperties, you’d see dramatic construction underway, as we reposition theseproperties. The short-term impact is obvious; it has an impact on traffic. Thelong-term impact, I think, is also obvious, as evident by when we do this. Wedid it at the MGM Grand, the results revenue and cash flows have been profoundlypositive there as we reposition that property. That gives us great confidencethat these types of increases will happen at the Mandalay Resorts properties.They’re already beginning to happen, and it will be done in mid to late ’08.You’ll continue to see, I think, growth in these properties, and then realtaking off after we’re done with the repositioning.  Terry mentioned Detroit, really just a tremendous opening tothis property. I’d also add some thanks to John Redmond to the kudos andthanks. Jon is no longer with us at the company, but had a profoundly positiveimpact on the development and positioning of that property, and our thanks goout to him. The traffic has been tremendous, our volumes are up substantially,our room counts and our guest counts are twice what they were in the oldfacility, so our customer volumes are twice what we were experiencing.  On the table games side, ourtable game volume is up 70% year over year, and we believe that the amenitiesof the property, not only the gaming space itself, but the food and beverage,entertainment, and rooms, spa, and conference facilities will continue toattract a great customer, the premier customer in the marketplace, which spendsmore money on those kinds of amenities, and are better table game players.  We added over 1,600 more slotsthan the interim facility housed, and yet, our win per unit is about the same,which is really remarkable. So with an increase in slot machines from our,let’s say about 2,400 or 2,500 slot machines to well over 4,000 slot machinesnow, our win per unit is about the same, over $300 a day.  I’d also remind you that now thatthe permanent is opening, our tax rate rolls back from 26% to 25%. That willobviously result in a pickup of cash flow, once that process is finalized andwe’re working with the appropriate authorities to do so.  I mentioned the repositioning ofthe Las Vegasresorts. I’ll give you a couple examples of this, of what’s happening here in Las Vegas. Take, forexample, Luxor.Our new nightclub, LAX, opened on August 31, it is, I don’t go to these clubs,but I’ve been told it’s a great club and it’s a hot place to be, and in fact,probably one of the premier clubs now in the country. Many other restaurants,bars, nightclubs are opening up at Luxorover the coming months and quarters. For example, Company, which is moremanagement group, is doing an American bistro, Cathouse, a sexy kind ofrestaurant. Again, I won’t be there, but I’m sure it’s going to be great, witha great chef there. Liquidity, and it goes on and on. These amenities will openup later next year, later this year, I’m sorry, and into 2008. Another example is over at Mandalay Bay. Mandalay went through its room remodel. Weexpanded dramatically the pool area, as you know, and we’re getting greatfeedback in both of those areas. And in October, we opened up a hot new loungethere, it’s called Eye Candy, and right in the middle of the casino floor andit is, I’ve been by it many times in fact. That’s just a couple examples, I cango on and on with that.  On the corporate side, we’regoing through our ’08 budgeting process right now and we’re really excitedabout some of the key areas where we see tremendous opportunity, both in termsof driving additional revenue, in the areas of rooms, international andnational marketing, database marketing, convention sales, and on expenses,where we feel we can drive some great efficiencies through consolidatingcertain areas, say on room reservations, payroll, HR, and there are many otherfinancial areas of opportunity where we can cut some costs. We’ll be reportingto you on the progress of this as we move forward into the balance of this yearand into ’08, but I think you should expect to see a fairly substantialincrease in revenue and a resulting improvement in margins. Although we’re highalready, we have room to improve as we go into 2008.  And with that I’ll turn it backover to Dan D’Arrigo.
Dan D'Arrigo: Thanks Jim. We’ll kind of recaphere just some follow-up highlights for the quarter, get into a littleguidance, kind of help the models, and then we’ll leave plenty of time for yourquestions and answers. For the quarter we spentapproximately $767 million at our existing resorts, and on our developmentinitiatives. Roughly about $451 million was spent on CityCenter in the quarter,and another $140 million was spent on MGM Grand Detroit.  Capital expenditures alsoincluded the spending of $61 million on the room and suite remodel project,primarily at Mandalayand at Bellagio. We also had about $13 million in spending related to a newcorporate aircraft. The remaining $102 million related to our routine capitalexpenditures on various new and upgraded amenities, most of the ones Jim wastouching on, at our resort properties going forward.  Looking at our capital position,on October 18, we closed on the sale of the stock 14.2 million shares to DubaiWorld. We received roughly $1.2 billion of proceeds under the sale of thatstock sale. We used those proceeds to pay off our credit facility balance,thereby reducing our outstanding credit facility balance, and increasing ouravailability to roughly about $2 billion under our senior credit facility. Ourfixed to floating ratio is just north of about 60%, right now fixed, justinside of 40% floating.  The CityCenter joint venturetransaction is scheduled to close here in the fourth quarter as well. These twotransactions combined will have a profound impact on our balance sheet. Andjust to put a little framework, or perspective, around the CityCenter jointventure, right now we will have invested almost about $2 billion in CIP, whenwe closed on the CityCenter transaction, our land carrying book value isroughly about $1 billion, and book value when we bought the land, mostly in theacquisition of Mirage Resorts in 2000, bringing our total investment to roughly$3 billion today at MGM Mirage.  Upon closing, we’ll receive over$2 billion after paying some taxes, significantly increasing our return oninvested capital, as we will continue to own 50% of this project, as Terrymentioned earlier, and receive a management fee going forward. The financing isexpected to be non-recoursed to MGM Mirage, and we expect to be in the marketlater on this quarter.  We only have minimal maturitiesin 2008, under 400 million, so we’re in pretty strong financial position goinginto not only the remainder of this year, but well into 2008. We did notrepurchase shares of common stock during the quarter, and year-to-date, we’verepurchased 2.5 million shares for roughly $175 million, which leaves us with5.5 million shares under our current Board authorized program.  From an outlook perspective, weexpect the fourth quarter to be our18th consecutive quarter of Las Vegas StripREVPAR growth. We also believe that our operating trends, non-gaming revenues,and operating margins will remain strong. Two factors to just point out goingforward. We have reached agreement on two new labor contracts; one is afive-year deal here in Las Vegas,which roughly will increase wages and benefits, pretty consistent with the lastcontract we had of roughly about 4% per year over that five-year term. In Detroit, we’ve reached anew labor agreement as well, for wage and benefit increase in the first year ofroughly about 7%, decreasing slightly in years two to four of that contract.  Remember, as Jim pointed out,these two cost increases will be partially offset by that gaming tax reductionin Detroit, nowthat the permanent is open, once we receive certification of our permanentfacility, the tax rate will reduce from 26% to 21%, a nice pickup for MGM GrandDetroit property.  Our continued investments in our Las Vegas resorts areproviding excellent returns and we anticipate the planned additionalinvestments in our properties will lead to further increases in property cashflows. We are currently going through our capital allocation process for 2008,and have many exciting high-return projects on the table.  Now I’ll just run through somespecific income statement guidance for Q4 to help you with some of your models.As we mentioned earlier, we expect to recognize income from insurance proceedsrelated to Katrina, at Beau Rivage during Q4, of approximately $150 million,$40 million of which will be a credit to G&A expenses, and $110 millionwill be a credit to property transactions, similar to Q3 here.  Total stock compensation expensesestimated to be approximately $10 million in Q4, and corporate expense weexpect to be roughly in kind of the mid-$40 million range, around $45 million,which includes stock compensation expense of roughly $5 million.  Pre-opening expenses will beapproximately $20-$25 million, as our joint venture in Macauramps up its pre-opening activities, and in anticipation for the opening ofthat property later on this year.  Net interest expense will beapproximately $150 to $160 million in the quarter. Please note that this doesnot reflect any potential savings if we close the CityCenter joint ventureprior to year-end and we’re on pace to potentially do that right now. Just to give you a one update andkind of close the loop on the signature on MGM Grand. In October the jointventure partners decided to finalize the operation of our joint venture. MGMMirage has acquired the remaining 88 units of the signature product, at aprofit to the joint venture; we will not recognize any future profit from thesale of these 88 units, as our final profits will reduce our basis in theseunits that we have acquired. We will be using these unitspredominantly for corporate uses mostly for our consultants and other businesspartners, who are currently using our hotel rooms at our resorts.  As you think about CityCenter andother projects going forward there’s a lot of folks using up vital real estatewithin our hotel rooms that we can use for our paying customers and bring inadditional revenue into those building. Additionally the CityCenter sales thesignature sale center at MGM will be converted to CityCenter Sales Center. That will be thethird pavilion outside of the sales pavilion between NY NY and Monte Carlo andjust to kind of recap what a tremendous success the signature product has beenat MGM that joint venture sold over a billion dollars worth of real estate andan average $930 per square foot, for the sale of the 1728 total units. Not toobad for some old theme park land. We recognized over 200 million ofprofit from that venture, with our initial investment consisting only of thataccess land of roughly 9 acres behind the MGM Grand. We also received thebenefits of managing some of those units and received the foot traffic benefitat the MGM Grand for the customers who stay at the Signature. Depreciation inthe fourth quarter we estimate to be in the 180 -185 million range fromcontinuing operations, our income tax rate our effective rate should be roughlyabout 36% in the fourth quarter. and just a reminder that our share count willincrease in the fourth quarter by roughly on average about 11 million shares asa result of issuing 14.2 million shares to Dubai World during the quarter. Our guidance for CapEx remainslargely the same about 3 billion in total for the year, including all ourdevelopment projects. And excluding the land purchases of the strip land herein Las Vegas,but does not include the impact from closing the CityCenter transaction priorto year end as well.  So I think with that operatorwe’ll open up to Q&A and start taking your questions.  Question-and-Answer Session
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes fromline of Felicia Hendrix with Lehman Brothers. 
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Guys, just a few quick questionsone is I think Dan you had mentioned just talking, or Jim. You had mentionedsignificant future projects with Dubai World. I was wondering if you couldelaborate on that a little bit? Regarding CityCenter justwondering you mentioned you described why some of the cost were escalating,wondering what you were doing to contain that going forward? and I’m justwondering given the higher cost now is that $100 million bonus for completingon time and on budget now basically a moot issue? And than in Macaujust wondering if you are seeing anything that the Venitian is open are seeinganything that caused you or causing you to change your strategy at all there?And drivers behind cost increases there? Thanks.
Dan D’Arrigo: I think Terry will take the firstone on Dubai World and we’ll jump in on CityCenter and Macau
J. Terrence Lanni : Good Morning Felicia. Let’s talka little bit about it. You may have noticed in news not too long ago that DubaiWorld one of its subsidiaries won a very significant bidding competition for anon casino site in the Republic of Singapore. And we arein discussions with them about development of that site, it’s going to have twolarge towers, we’ll have two hotel components, retail components, andresidential components. And we’re talking to them about a couple of our brandsin one of those towers. In addition I mentioned earlierthat Bobby Baldwin has gone to the Middle East, I said Internationally, it’sactually the Middle East he is in Dubai as we speak and (inaudible) the timedifferential is difficult for him to be here but one of the first things we didwhen we entered into the agreement Sultan Sulian (ph) we had a discussion andit was suggested that we take and develop a sales center for CityCenter, andthe city and Dubai. And in turn to develop a marketing office to market the noncasino aspects of our various hotels, throughout the United States and the World, with specific influence and focus,if you will on the Las Vegasmarketplace. So we’ll shortly have open there sometime in the half of next yeara sales center comparable to the one that we have here on the Strip between NY NY and Monte Carlo.  And in addition we’ll have aseparate marketing office where our marketing people will market the non gamingaspects of our resorts and food and beverage, the retail, the entertainment,the spas and the like. So we’re very excited about those transactions.  In addition, Gary Jacobs and Ijust returned from the Peoples Republic of China and had very significantmeetings there. and had meetings just last week with representatives of Dubai,who have indicated a significant interest in investing and owning these noncasino hotels that we’re going to be developing with the Diaoyutai GuesthouseState and ourselves and the Peoples republic of China. In addition there aresome other areas of the Far East; the head of their investment fund in Singapore metwith us just this last Friday as a matter of fact, Thursday. And we’re lookingat opportunities in other parts of South East Asia both gaming and non gamingwhich would be in some form or another potentially be in partnership with DubaiWorld, or one of it’s affiliates.
Dan D’Arrigo: And CityCenter, Felicia I’ll jumpin on that one a little bit. CityCenter as we’ve said all along is verydetailed and very complex project. we are working with out business partnersthere, on a GMP (ph) process that process is beginning here in the fourthquarter, it probably wont be wrapped up until sometime in the middle of nextyear. But that’s when we’re really have a lot more clarity and the project willbe locked down, with our business partners through the GMP process there atCityCenter. As it relates to Macau which Ithink was your third
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Wow, back to CityCenter there wasa 100 Million bonus for completing on time and on budget so I was wondering ifthat is now in flux.
J. Terrence Lanni: Well I would say that’s its influx but it’s certainly not off the table. That bonus is based upon the netcost of the CityCenter so there are many components to it. It’s not only whatCityCenter ultimately cost, but the ability for us to sell the residentialproduct. The residential story is uniquely positive I think, unique to what ishappening in the United Statesand certainly unique to what’s happening here in Las Vegas. So our sales pace and the priceper foot we’re getting is very positive and the bonus is based upon how we endup on the net basis, when we’re done with the project which will be late 09. Sowe certainly have not written it off. 
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Ok and than Macau
Dan D’Arrigo: And than in Macauthere is kind of a the good and the bad of following others. The good news isthat we can evaluate the marketplace and react as we’re continuing to kind ofdevelop our property, I think when you look at where we started out in thisdevelopment and construction faze we’re focusing more casino space on the VIProoms and the marketplace today, than we probably would have a year or so ago.So the property has been kind of changed slightly through this design anddevelopment process, and we continue to monitor that. And so there’s kind of agood side of following others, and the bad side is that we’re a little laterthan others to the marketplace. But we’ll be there real soon, and we have a lotmore data points today, than we ever had in kind of evaluating the VIP customersegment as well as the mass market. 
J. Terrence Lanni: Not only (ph) that Dan, not onlydoes our property sit next to Steve Wynn’s beautiful property, not only does ittower over it actually, but it’s substantially larger than the Wynn property istoday. Both in terms of number of tables that we will open up with, significantlymore over 75 more in fact and in termsof slots. And we have a far easier ability to expand that property evenfurther. So we’re going to come out of the box we think on a fast run. With alarger facility tailored to what the market expects today, with the ability toexpand it. And it opens in a couple of months and I don’t think people havereally focused on the impact thatproperty will have on our company both on how it does in Macau but the cross marketingimpact it will have on our Las Vegas properties. 
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Lawrence Klatzkin with Jefferies & Company 
Lawrence Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: Couple of questions here, onedoes this housekeeping capitalize interest for the first, for the thirdquarter? 
Dan D’Arrigo: I thought we gave that I guessroughly about 63 million if I remember correctly 63 million
Lawrence Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: 63 million ok perfect. As far as,could you quantify the hold effect just maybe a more general number than it wasa lot.
J. Terrence Lanni: Larry, we tend not to do that asyou know. Because lets say it gets us into a situation where we’ll be talkingabout this every single quarter up and down. Clearly the hold is lower its noan excuse it’s just a reality of how we are in the gaming business. I don’tthink that we should loose sight of that. It’s had its most profound impact onthe property of Bellagio obviously as well. But it was within our normal rangeso therefore I would just leave it I would just leave it as saying it impactedBellagio’s results both in terms of its hold and the fact that it’s moreimportant weapon in the high end was on the side lines. The Baccarat room waseffectively out of business and that will be opened up here in the fourthquarter.
Lawrence Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: Ok so does that maybe some effecton there in part of the fourth quarter also?
J. Terrence Lanni: Sure, the Baccarat room opens up,what Mike, mid December a vast preponderance of our high end business occurs asyou know mid December right through New Years. That’s when you want it open weplanned it’s down time for this period of time for this reason. It will be openat that time, but it has an impact here in October and November.
Lawrence Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: Ok, and as far as Dubai goes is there anychance you will be doing something similar to Kerzner is doing? Some kind ofproperty in Dubaiitself? Non (inaudible)
J. Terrence Lanni: Well we are looking at aninteresting site in fact looking at it the day after two days I think, as amatter of fact. Which is significant development would be there which we woulduse one or more of our brands for a non casino hotel, not unlike what SolKerzer is doing with Atlantis, which is a non casino hotel in Dubai. And I guess he is doing one in Morocco aswell.  So yes we do think there areopportunities there. And as you know we’ve also entered into an agreement alsowith Mubadala in Abu Dhabia sister emirate. And we think there are fascinating opportunities there we’rereviewing that at about the same time for our brands for non casino hotelventures in that particular marketplace also. 
Lawrence Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: No and Abu Dhabi it’s more their money. In Dubai would it be, MGM would you investsome money I know with the Kerzner thing Kerzner is putting in half the moneyand Dubai is putting in half the money.
J. Terrence Lanni: But we don’t do have to wait togo through the whole process. I would suspect that when in that part of theworld more, most of what we’ll be doing, a significant part of that will be indevelopment branding management fees. I think the investment if any would bemore limited. 
Dan D’Arrigo: Ok I would just add Terry; Idon’t think our capital is what compels our partners to do business with us. Itis our brands, our unique approach to development, and the way we operateresorts. And the fact that most of our hotel friends are already omnipresent,they’re in almost every market. its’ not really particularly exciting to addanother X hotel in a major market globally. It is quite exciting to add somebrand new market into a new market a brand new brand, and that is really wherethese discussions are coming. So I think you will find us very much as a feedbased model for these development projects. 
Lawrence Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: All right and than AC14 acres nowthat you have decided to make your big move on the big block of land. Thesmaller block are you guys talking to people are you willing to put that into aJV or donate into something?
J. Terrence Lanni: Well a number of people as youcan imagine have contacted us on that particular site. We’re adding tremendousvalue to it with the development of 60 acres immediately across the street fromit. And if you know I think that’s also its in litigation, we won the originalcase but it’s on appeals. So it’s something that it’s probably more prudent forus to wait through the legal process before we do anything. But there issignificant interest about right purchasing, joint venture anything you couldpossibly name.
Lawrence Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: Ok great and than the last thingas far as Macau property, originally the FengShui dates where in there early part of December, is that still the case orshould we be expecting it maybe a little later in the month?
J. Terrence Lanni: Well we have practical people; wehave a series of Feng Shui specialist that we can work on various dates. If someof them find to more enticing than others we will get it up before the end ofthe year and as Jim mentioned anything we did indicate the cost of increase,and that not merely of cost just additional labor which is part of it, but ifyou take look at, and you’ll see it when it does open, the quality of therestaurants compares very favorably to what we have here. We saw very frankly what Steve Wynn did, andhe built a very quality product and it transformed that area in the peninsulaand we need to properly compete withthat and I think we’ll have a very cooperative spirit there because he’lldevelop business, we’ll develop business, and that will interact between thosetwo properties and probably (inaudible). But I don’t think we can really issue the importance and understand theimportance of us being in Macau for that very high end business that we havehere in Las Vegas. It’s extremely important to us to bethere. I’ve said this will be the thirdand hopefully the very last quarter I have to say this is that we have operatedat a distinct disadvantage to a Venetian, and Wynn. Give them credit, they were there first andthey are meeting people that we don’t know that’s all going to change by theend of this year, and we’ll be in a level playing field and ready to dobattle. 
Lawrence A. Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: All right, well I look forward tothe invitation of the opening. ThanksTerry.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Robin M. Farley with UBS
Robin M. Farley - UBS: Thanks. A couple of questions onthe Las Vegasproperty. One is can you (inaudible)what the hotel revenue just in Las Vegas, the increase in total hotel revenue, because Iknow your repertoire was up but you also had some room side of service so.
J. Terrence Lanni: Yeah, your breaking up a littleRobin, I think you asked what our hotelrevenue was up in the Las Vegasstrip?
Robin M. Farley - UBS: Yes.
J. Terrence Lanni: Overall we gave that number at511million which is up 7%. Overall in Las Vegas, strip was 5%in revenue. 
Robin M. Farley - UBS: Ok, great. And then also the table volume, you commentedwith and without Beau Rivage so I wonder if you took out Detroit,just Las Vegastable volume.
J. Terrence Lanni: The Las Vegas table volume was flat.
Robin M. Farley - UBS: Great. And then can you talk about any impact so farin, on the fourth quarter from two things. One is, I guess a couple of days you had your reservation systems weredown and just how significant of an impact that was as a property for thathappened or they were on and off for afew days. And then also any impactsouthern California is obviously an importantmarket for you and weather you are seeing any impact from the wild fires therein terms of visitation to Las Vegas.
J. Terrence Lanni: Sure, I’ll tackle the first. Yes, we did have a system, failure for abrief period of time. It started onOctober 17th wrapped up on October26th. Seven of our resorts here and alsoBeau Rivage in Mississippi,so seven total, were impacted by this. We had unscheduled down time resulting in about 19 hours of down time ofour properties hotel system. That’s theOpera system which is developed by Micros. It runs on an HP platform and it had an Oracle database associated withit. And that combined system did breakdown for that period of time. We wentinto our recovery mode when that happened and brought a lot of staff on placeand manually checked in people which when you have properties as big as oursobviously there are significant issues involved in that. The problem was in a memory leak in theoperating system and that has been, we have been working on it really 24 hoursa day. The system is fully functionalright now, but we don’t like the lack of redundancy in the system so were improvingthe redundancy of the system and getting a more robust system to handlethis. This is kind of a bruising edgebecause Micros never has developed a system that operates these scale of roomproducts both per property and system wide, and we’re working with them. We lost some revenue because of that. We had some customer issues that we know howto handle, we’re customer service oriented and they were inconvenienced for thatperiod of time, we’re sorry for that, and we are in threat recovery mode as Isaid it is working right now. So, we didhave a temporary breakdown in the system, it’s regrettable, but it wastemporary and it’s behind us.  As it relates to, I think, the California wild fires,and the impact on traffic. I’ll say something; it’s been minimal to us. I don’t know if my partners here woulddisagree. We’ve seen very good vehiculartraffic into Las Vegasat our properties. As I mentionedbefore, we’re more of a fly in destination than a drive in destination, atleast compared to the overall market here in Las Vegas. We do have the resort nature that people gravitate to from greatdistances, but our drive in business, even still, has been largelyunaffected. 
Robin M. Farley - UBS: Okay, Great. And just a last question, do you have anysense of whether Dubai World they didn’t get much on the tender they did to themarket, whether they would have an interest at coming back at a higher price orwhat your sense is on that.
Dan D’Arrigo: Robin, I think the issue thereis, you’ll have to chat with them about that. They obviously have an agreement that they can go up to 20% of our stockand now own slightly less than 5% and I know that they believe in thecompany. You’ll have to ask them at whatprice they want to move back into this market.
Robin M. Farley - UBS: Okay, Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs & Company: Hi, Good Morning. Could you just talk a little bit aboutmargins? I guess what I am trying tofigure out is, is there some offset between the casino margins and thenon-gaming margins? Is there a mixedchanged, or is there actually a decline in each one of those line items thatI’m not able to see?
J. Terrence Lanni: What do you mean decline Steve?
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs & Company: Some pressure on you there thatthe casino, I am assuming that the casino margins were under some pressure thisquarter but are they under more than just the volume or is they there somethingelse going on there some expense structure or something else going on.
J. Terrence Lanni: As you know Steve, the margins onthe casino side are most significantly impacted by whole percentage. So really, simple as that, year over year,the margin in the casino department was impacted by the lower whole of thisyear than last year, on the expense side, there’s been really virtually nochange both in terms of promotional activity and in terms of discounts, interms of overall labor and other expenses related to generating the casinorevenue that we have. As it relate tothe non-casino side, that why I was confused, ‘because our margins are flat orup in every area of our company and that continues to improve, as we continueto improve our food and beverage. Ourretail business was quite strong and entertainment was even better. Our margins going into 2008, as I indicatedearlier will likely be up, at least if we have anything to say about it,because, of some of the revenue initiatives we are employing right now and Ithink more importantly, some of the cost initiatives that have an impact,possible margins.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs & Company: Ok, thank you.
Operator: You next question comes from theline of Joseph Greff with Bear, Stearns 
Joseph R. Greff - Bear Stearns & Company: Good morning guys. Jim, I was hoping you could just give us anoperating outlook for the convention booking s for the fourth quarter and forthe half of next year please
Jim Murren: Sure. That’s a good questioncause I don’t think, we typically talk about that and we didn’t
Joseph R. Greff - Bear Stearns & Company: Right
Jim Murren: Bring that up. Sorry about that, it’s not intentional. Well the, in the fourth quarter, looks likewe are going to have another solid quarter on the convention side, and so farin 2008, looking out into 2008, we’re significantly ahead of our booking tapethis year than we were last year. Infact, up in the teens in terms of bookings for the 2008 business versus wherewe were a year ago booking into 2007. Inthe attrition rate in the third quarter was about 8.8%. Year to date, our attrition rate was 9.4 sowe had an improved attrition rate in the third quarter. By the way, the industry runs about 10% sowe’re better than the industry in both metric. And the city wides are down, but MGM Mirage in that impacteverybody. But it looks like ourconvention business looks solid into the fourth quarter and as I say; our forwardbookings into 2008 are significantly greater than they were a year ago.
Joseph R. Greff - Bear Stearns & Company: Great, excellent. And Jim, or Terry, maybe you can give us anupdate on other Macau opportunities. With Panzi obviously you had some Macau development issues expensed in the thirdquarter. If you could just give us anupdate there.
J. Terrence Lanni: Well, we have a second site thatthe chief executive has indicated that it will be available to us and wecontinue the process. There is a processthat you have to go through on that, and we’ve provided documentation to thegovernment. We’ll be there next week,and may have an opportunity to have further discussions with them, but theseprocesses take some time. But we have itidentified; it is a very exciting site. It is on Kotai. And we are doingsome preliminary planning on that right now. That doesn’t mean that we wouldn’tfind other sites. We’ve frankly hadconversations with Dubai World again, interestingly enough, because Dubai Worldhas secured property in that area, and they’re looking for other properties andhave had conversations with us about potential involvement about our jointventure to develop some part of that as a casino development. 
Jim Murren: I would just add, excellent pointTerry. Because our pre-opening expenses are higher than you probablyanticipated. Were planting many seeds and we’re seeing immediate results in theformulation of transactions, that some of which have been to the point ofdisclosure, and others are not yet there. But there are many conversationsunderway both in the Macau area Asia in general, as Terry mentioned (inaudible)many of our partners there, in the Middle East in Dubaiand Abu Dhabi, and in other parts of that regionand in South East Asia.  We also open up, we’re helping ofcourse the MGM Grand in Foxwoods we didn’t mention that but that opens up nextyear and that has been an effort of ours which we think could help on the crossmarketing perspectives and Gamal Aziz (ph) with it’s MGM Mirage hospitality,it’s really geared toward looking at non gaming locations all around the world.So pre-opening expenses which burden our current results we think will yieldvery substantial profitability on a going forward basis.  The other near term impact ofcourse was those property transactions which people really need to digest whenthey are looking at particularly the results of the MGM Grand here in Las Vegasand Mandalay Bay they both have significant transactions in the third quarterwhich impacted the results but the underline operating trends are obviouslyvery positive in both properties.
Joseph Greff - Bear Stearns & Company : Great, and than one finalquestion, I think both you and Jim both you and Dan, talked about identifyingsome capital investments that would hit 08. In terms of a dollar amount itmight be early can you give us a range? You think what capital investmentswould be in 08?
Dan D’Arrigo: I think it’s too early to tellright now Joe, we’ll be taking that to our board later on this year, early onnext year. And once we’ve shared that with our board, we’ll come back to youwith that. Probably on the fourth quarter call or early in the first quarter. 
Jim Murren: I would remember that Joe, theold CFO used to try to encourage people to do a five year plan. And look at notonly the money that just came in to the company in form of the stock sales, butalso more importantly the money that Stan mentioned soon. In the form ofselling the 50% interest in City Center, it has just aprofound impact on our balance sheet, profound from the standpoint of overalldebt, in terms of our leverage statistics, and in terms of our flexibility todo many things, in the capital allocation program. We have been very aggressiveacquires of our stock for example in the past, we have managed the balancesheet very aggressively, and I think prudently from a standpoint of risk. Andwe’ve been able to plant some significant development seeds over time. So we’regoing to go to our board, once Terry approves first of course our budgets for08. And then we’re going to our board in January, it would be a clearthreatening move to give you numbers now, before we present it to our board.But I would say that our opportunities are better than they have been before.
Joseph Greff - Bear Stearns & Company : Great, thanks guys.
Dan D’Arrigo: Operator we will take one morequestion
Operator: Your last question comes from theline of Harry Curtis with J.P. Morgan 
Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan: Hi guys, so Dan if you read alittle faster we would get more questions. 
Dan D’Arggio : Well you’re only supposed to askone it’s been three or four every question.
Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan: Well all right, well with that inmind I will keep mine to Atlantic City.But I’ve got a 17 part question. 
Dan D’Arggio : We’ll have a one part answer 
Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan: OK so with respect to Atlantic City. Can yougive us a little more detail on the timing? Also your thoughts on the increasein capacity in the area, where the, to what extent profitability is going tocome from the existing casinos in your projections? Versus expanding the marketand to what degree do you factor bait or field (ph) in your thoughts? 
J. Terrence Lanni : Well I think it’s not 17 butabout three or four different issues. I can tell you taking the last first onbait or field (ph) we welcome that as an opportunity. And we read the press andit just seems that one company have been assigned that particular site and Ithink that’s a mistake because I think a number of us who were interested inthat site. If and when the governor and thecity council and the other powers that be, determine that is an area that canbe developed into resort, casino development we’d be very interested in that.You asked about capacity and what is going to happen in that particular regard,the issue is to me if you take a look at Atlantic City there is like 36 millionvisitations a year but the average number of visits per person is like eighttimes a year, so you really have not penetrated that market and the more we sawwith our joint venture in Borgata, an ability to change that marketplace from adynamic of 8/10 of one day, as a visit, to extend it much closer to a 1.2nights and a little bit more in days, and that’s a paradigm for us. We thinkthat the Renaissance Pointe - Harrah’s has put a ton of money into RenaissancePointe. We’ve approved with our joint venture partner to expand Borgata,unfortunately a fire slowed that up, it’s going to open in the, I guess latespring or early summer of next year, and we believe that will continue tochange the marketplace.  We’re going to do a $4.5 to $5billion project that’s going to truly be transformational for Atlantic City,and we believe that will have the ability to attract people, as Bob Bognerlikes to refer to them as the New York rejecters; that’s why we’ve kept the 12acres in the back open, we think there’s a possibility, maybe a probability,that residential units would be an interesting component to add to that 60acres.  And if we have a must-see sitethat is a destination resort, which I know we will do if Kohn Pedersen and Foxand our people are involved in that. We believe that will more than offset whatis happening in Pennsylvania.Today as you know Pennsylvaniahas slot houses basically, and with the tax rate that they have there, there’sno way you could afford to build a destination resort. Any change in that taxrate or the expansion of gaming is going to take some time, in my opinion, in Pennsylvania.  Atlantic Cityhas one opportunity, and we think it’s Renaissance Pointe and the Marina, todevelop destination resorts that are second to none, they’re the premierresorts in the East Coast, and that would attract those New York rejecters, as well as people from the Philadelphia marketplace. One of theadvantages in the Marina District, Harrah’s, fromthe time I was back there in 1978.’79, and ’80, never had a busing program,doesn’t haven’t one now. Our Borgata project has no busing project; weanticipate no busing program for our MGM Grand Atlantic City resort, and that,in my opinion, from what I read, and maybe more anecdotal than specific factualstatistics, is what is happening with the business along the boardwalk, they’relosing one heck of a lot of that business comes in on buses, and that busprogram, which may not necessarily be the most profitable business in theworld, but it’s a business we don’t want to be a part of, and we don’t need tobe a part of.  So we’re very bullish in AtlanticCity, we like the fact that it has a constant rate, that 8% tax rate, plus 1.25%with the CRDA funding, gives us a predictable rate, and that’s why we said now,for about three years now, Jim, that we really wanted to focus our growth onstates with stable tax rates. The state of Nevada obviously where we put ourmoney obviously, and are putting our money, state of Mississippi and the stateof New Jersey, because those are stable tax rates. We’re not interested in someof these other areas where we happen to be as a result of mergers operating,and they’re fine places and all of that, but at the same time, the tax ratesare kind of - every Monday morning they may change. So very bullish in AtlanticCity, bullish on the Marina, more bullish on Renaissance Pointe, and we willbuild a destination resort that will keep people coming to Atlantic City andstaying for lots longer periods of time than they have in the past.  And the last part, as far ascompetition, I think competition without capacity, or just capacity alone, isjust rooming houses is all they are. You need somebody coming in, developing adynamic resort, and that could be one of our existing competitors, and I wouldwelcome them. I welcome them to wherever they would like to build in Atlantic City, becausethat will bring more people. We’re not in the gas station business, whereyou’re on one corner and somebody pulls in, the other three gas stations don’tget the business. If we’re doing what we’re doing right, and with our new COO Iknow we will be doing it right, we will attract those people to come to ourproperties also. That’s why we love being right next to Steve Wynn in Macau, it’s going to be great, and we’re going to havethe two best facilities. They’re going to be boutique compared to a certainfacility, but they’ll be quality facilities. 
Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan: Thanks guys.
Dan D’Arrigo: Thanks Harry. And I thinkoperator with that we’ll wrap it up. Thank you everyone for joining us, andfeel free to call my office with any follow-up questions. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today’s conferencecall. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-02 11:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Terry Lanni - Chairman and CEO   Jim Murren - President, CFO, Treasurer   John Redmond - President, CEO MGM Grand Resort   Aldo Manzini – CAO 
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix – Lehman Brothers   Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies   Robin Farley - UBS   Joseph Greff – Bear Stearns   Steve Kent – Goldman Sachs   Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley   Harry Curtis – JP Morgan 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the MGM Mirage second quarter conference call. Joining the call from the company today are: Terry Lanni, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, MGM Mirage; Jim Murren, President, CFO and Treasurer of the MGM Mirage; John Redmond, President and Chief Executive Officer of MGM Grand Resort; Aldo Manzini, EVP and Chief Administrative Officer of MGM Mirage.  (Operator Instructions) Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim Murren. Go ahead, sir. 
Jim Murren: Thank you, Robin and good morning everyone. As you know, we’re broadcasting this conference call on the Internet on MGMMirage.com as well as on CompanyBoardroom.com. The replay of the call will be available on our website. We furnished an 8-K press release today with the SEC and additional information was posted on our website which gives very significant detail behind the numbers included in the release.  As you know, we’re obligated to remind you that information that we present in this call may contain forward looking statements as defined by the SEC. Such forward-looking statements are protected by the Safe Harbor amendments of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify such statements by the use of words like we expect, we anticipate and similar phrases. These forward-looking statements may include information about future periods, expected business developments, anticipated capital expenditures, future financing alternatives or other statements made about future periods. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates. Listeners should also refer to our disclosures about risks and uncertainties made in our filings with the SEC.  With that, I’ll now turn it over to Terry Lanni for discussion of our results. 
Terry Lanni: Thank you very much, Jim. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to start off and let each of you know that Bobby Baldwin and Gary Jacobs will not be on the call this morning. Bobby is on a much-deserved vacation, and Gary is on company business in the People’s Republic of China.  Earlier today, as you note, we reported diluted EPS from continuing operations of $0.62 for the second quarter. This is a record for the second quarter and a 27% increase over the second quarter of last year.  Net income per share on a fully diluted basis was $1.22 compared to $0.50 in the second quarter of ‘06 which was positively impacted by the gains recognized this quarter of sales of Primm Valley Resorts which closed in April and our sale of Colorado, Vail and Edgewater which in turn closed in June of this year.  As far as operating results, net revenues increased 10% to $1.9 billion, up 4% excluding Beau Rivage, an all time revenue quarter for the company. Our fundamentals are clearly strong as evidenced by tremendous hotel results and excellent cash flow results across our portfolio of resorts.  As mentioned in the release, we had an all-time record second quarter property EBITDA of $686 million, which represents a 9% increase over the prior year. Las Vegas Strip occupancy percentage of 97.8% was our company’s highest occupancy since 2000. Combined with a strong average room rate of $162, our Las Vegas Strip RevPAR was up 7%. Demand has remained robust and increased visitor volume to our Las Vegas Strip resorts continues to drive revenues.  MGM Grand Las Vegas earned $108 billion of EBITDA which is an all-time record for any quarter in that property’s history, and a 43% increase from the prior year. TI and Excalibur also earned all-time record property EBITDA. The Mirage earned $59 million, a record second quarter which represented 41% increase over the prior year. New York, New York also had a record second quarter. Bellagio had its second-highest ever second quarter property EBITDA against a very tough comparison to the second quarter of ‘06, despite having an abnormally low hold percentage this year and a high hold percentage last year.  I’ll talk a little bit about recent highlights. Kerzner International you heard an announcement about that, we’ve announced we’ve entered a letter of intent with Kerzner International to form a 50/50 joint venture to build a multibillion dollar integrated resort. We will be contributing 40 acres of land to the joint venture and will be receiving $20 million per acre in contributed value. Kerzner International and one of its financial partners will contribute cash equity.  On CityCenter, construction is progressing nicely for those of you who have to chance to see it from time to time, it is really coming up and out of the ground with each of it’s property development portions of it. We’ve reached the 22nd floor at the CityCenter hotel and casino tower and the resorts show room, convention center and parking garage are well under way. Construction of Vedara the condo hotel has reached 11th floor and the Mandarin Oriental is up to the fifth level. We need 49 more levels to get to my unit, but we’re working on it. Foundation and structural work has commenced on all the other elements, the Harmon Hotel and residences and the crystal’s retail development. We remain on budge and on track for a late 2009 opening.  On the residential front we’ve sold a total of almost $250 million of residential products since our last earnings call for a total of almost $1.4 billion of real estate to date. The Harmon Residences, the final CityCenter residential product will go on sale late this quarter.  The permanent MGM Detroit facility is expected to open in the fourth quarter with which we believe will be Detroit’s finest hotel and casino. John Redmond will be providing more details in his report shortly. MGM Grand Macau is on track for opening as we’ve said all along later this year and we will share more details in its opening on our next quarter’s conference call.  We formed MGM Mirage Hospitality which is headed up by Gamal Aziz who remained as President of MGM Grand Las Vegas. Hospitality will oversee our Foxwoods and development company and the State Guest House partnerships among it’s other activities. We are working on some very exciting projects and look forward to sharing those with you when we’re able to for this new development and new subsidiary.  I would now like to turn it back to Jim for a few more comments on our financial results. 
Jim Murren: Thanks, Terry. I would like to discuss some items that affect the comparability to last year. Beau Rivage was closed last year and this year in the quarter it reported property EBITDA of $23 million. Regarding the Signature, MGM Grand Tower 3 opened in June and we recognized income of $63 million in the quarter from our share of the profits on the closing of the units for a total of $0.14 a share. We’re pretty good at estimating how much profit we’re going to make per tower but not exactly the timing of when we’re going to get that profit. It was a little bit better than we thought, quite a bit better in terms of time.  Prior year quarter had profits from the Signature at the MGM Grand of $28 million for a total of $0.06 of a share, so $0.14 this year versus $0.06 a year ago. This quarter’s profits were a little bit better than we had talked about as a result of the higher pace of closings. Tower 3 profits are on track to exceed profits from Tower 2 in the aggregate and we’ll touch on those expectations for the third quarter closings when we talk about outlook. We had $0.04 a share impact from preopening and property transactions compared to the impact of $0.06 of a year ago.  We closed on the sale of Primm Valley resorts. We sold those assets for $400 million and the Lawson properties which we sold for $200 million. The combined pretax gain was $264 million and that’s included in discontinued operations along with the results of these operations for both periods.  On the hotel side, hotel revenue was $555 million up 9% in the quarter, up 5% if you exclude Beau Rivage. The results of course were achieved despite the fact we had 60,000 less available rooms in the current year, related primarily to the room remodel activity I’m sure John will touch upon at Mandalay Bay which was out 46,000 rooms and the closure of Nevada Landing out which closed in March of this. Terry mentioned this but it’s worth repeating. Our occupancy for the Las Vegas Strip resorts was 97.8%, really, a very strong quarter. ADR was $162 compared to a year ago. 7% RevPAR increase was our 16th consecutive year which is about four years, I think, of consecutive year-over-year RevPAR increases.  Gaming renews were up 5%. You pull out Beau Rivage however, gaming renews were down 5%. The decrease was mainly due to decrease in baccarat volume compared to a pretty tough year a year ago. We were down 13% in baccarat volume, second quarter last year we were actually up 19%, but we were down 13% this year. The good news is that customers were here, they beat us though, which is not so good. The lower hold obviously has a dampening impact as well on lower drop.  Table game hold percentage was within our normal range as we have defined it year in and year out with you of 18% to 22% but toward the low end in the current quarter versus being in the high end of the 2006 quarter. There’s about 300 basis points difference between hold percentage between the two years. I think we noted in the release, Bellagio and Mandalay Bay were particularly affected by the low hold, and they were both below the low end of the range.  Excluding Beau Rivage, slot revenues were up slightly from the prior year. Slot volumes at our Las Vegas Strip resorts were actually up 4% which is a distinct improvement versus the first quarter in terms of volume, so occupancy slot volumes are far more vibrant in the second quarter year-over-year than the first quarter.  Food and beverage, our revenues were up 15% in the quarter, up 9% if you take out Beau Rivage and that of course was due to many new enhancements to our properties, new restaurants and lounges at several resorts including at the Mirage and Mandalay Bay and a very, very strong performance at the MGM Grand Las Vegas, which has benefited from the foot traffic also from the two Signature towers that came online throughout the year, and of course were in the second quarter.  Entertainment revenues were up 37%, and that was the big benefit there, of course, with the opening of Love at the Mirage that opened in July of last year and we had a very strong event calendar at the MGM Grand Las Vegas and that included the De La Hoya Mayweather Fight which was a really terrific event for the resort and really across our portfolio of properties.  EBITDA was $686 million, that was up 9% versus the prior year. Terry mentioned that there were several records and highlights. But I think the key takeaways were that we generated significant cash flow increases across all market segments, even while we’re making substantial improvements to resorts like Luxor and Monte Carlo and Excalibur, we saw very strong traffic and profit right from the economy segment and right up through to our highest-end properties from a volume perspective.  We believe that we can continue to generate very strong returns from these kind of investments as evidenced by our margins, which are very strong still. They are 33% in the current quarter if you exclude out Beau Rivage and the Signature. I think now that we have half the year underway, we’re off, we could say, with some confidence that 2007 looks like it’s going to be a very solid year in Las Vegas as we capitalize on its market’s increased popularity. It looks like it will be at least as good as 2006.  With that, I’ll turn it over to John. 
John Redmond: Thanks, Jim and good morning, everyone. MGM Grand Resort had an exceptional second quarter driven by strong slots, hotel food and beverage and convention business. EBITDA MGM Grand and Excalibur were the highest quarterly results ever achieved, as Jim mentioned. Mandalay Bay results were negatively impacted by a less than normal table game hold percentage and 39 ,000 less occupied room nights due to the room renovation project currently in progress. The combination of lower hold percentage and less occupied room reduced EBITDA by approximately $10 million at Mandalay Bay.  The standard rooms will be completed later this month, with suites expected to be finished in October. In Q3 2007 we expect to be down approximately 19,000 occupied room at Mandalay Bay due to the ongoing renovation. In addition, in Q2 we completed the pool area enhancement at Mandalay which includes climate-controlled pool side gaming, additional exclusive cabanas and much needed additional pool seating.  With regard to the Signature and MGM Grand, the Q2 gain related to closing condo sales was $63 million and the forecasted gain for Q3 should be approximately $13 million.  Moving to Detroit, the permanent facility under construction in Detroit will open October 2nd 2007, approximately two years from the date construction commenced. The current temporary or interim facility will close on the evening of September 30th, in order to transition over to the permanent MGM Grand Detroit. This 400-room hotel casino and entertainment complex spread over 25 acres is a fully integrated Las Vegas style resort. The current interim casino facility consistently operates at or near capacity on two gaming floors with 2,876 parking spaces, 2,840 slot machines and 72 table games.  The new facility will have 7,300 parking spaces, 4,500 slot machines and 98 table games all on a single level. The restaurant seating capacity will more than doubt the existing count anchored by 24-hour casual dining and room service managed by Wolfgang Puck and a steak and seafood venue managed by Michael Mina. These world-renowned chefs, coupled with numerous exciting bars, entertainment venues, health spas and retail outlets and 30,000 square feet of meeting space will vault the fun and excitement bar to all new levels. The 510 square foot standard room and 78 suites will impress the most discriminating customer with the highest quality and latest technology. As a reminder, when the permanent facility opens October 2nd, the current gaming tax rate of 26% will roll back 500 basis points to 21%.  Finally, I want to give you an update on the interior transformation of the Luxor. We felt the property has significant upside potential with better management, operating strategy and prudent capital investments. As we discussed some time ago, the initial quick strategy was to address the slot floor and drive occupancy, I think the success to date speaks for itself. Realizing the inside of the building did not deliver on the expectation created on the outside, we’re adding numerous exciting bar and restaurant concepts to drive more foot traffic, eliminate the dorm effect by providing guests a reason to stay and further drive ADR.  With the interior transformation and enhanced quality, creativity and know how, we have signed leases with strategic partners including the peer group who will operate multiple venues including the LAX Nightclub which will open next month around Labor Day. Throughout the year and into next, we will continue to add new and exciting venues, culminating with the Chris Angel Circ de Soleil show in the latter part of next year. The aggregate investment being made by these strategic partners will total approximately $60 million. Given advanced discussions we’re having with other potential partners, I would expect the aggregate investment by partners to approach $100 million at the Luxor.  With that I’ll turn it back over to Jim. 
Jim Murren: Thank you, John. I would like to give you some other financial data from the quarter. Our net interest expense was $184 million. That was slightly lower than our guidance, I believe we said $190 million. Composition of that was we had $236 million gross interest, $53 million of cap interest, net interest of about $183 million, $184 million. A year ago, the gross interest was $219 million, cap interest was $28 million for a net of $191 million.  Corporate expense was $44 million, and that was slightly higher than our forecast. We gave you a range of $35 million to $40 million, and that’s largely due to the fact that we incurred some additional expense of about $3 million related to the Tracinda 13D filing that occurred in May.  Other charges affecting earnings and EBITDA were the pre-opening start-up expenses of $14 million; that was primarily related to CityCenter but also MGM Macau and MGM Grand Detroit. Property transactions net, that was $2 million net, primarily related to construction of new amenities at the properties that we’ve been talking to you about. You add those two together, as I said it was about $0.04 a share.  From a CapEx perspective, we spent $1.3 billion of capital in our existing resorts and of course on our major development initiatives. Obviously the major part of that was CityCenter. We spent about $441 million on CityCenter; $81 million at MGM Grand Detroit; $23 million of trailing payments for the Beau Rivage reconstruction. Capital expenditures also included spending around $54 million on the room and suite remodel projects, primarily that was at Mandalay Bay. We spent $580 million on land that we had purchased and that land, remember, is north of Circus Circus, a large part of that land has now been flipped into the joint venture with Kerzner at a profit. We also had expenditures of $27 million on corporate aircraft. These are deposits on planes that we’ve already talked to you about. They will you be delivered later this year and into 2008. The remaining $90 million was just other routine CapEx mostly here in Las Vegas as we’re upgrading our properties.  From a debt perspective, we were quite fortunate to be in the market in the second quarter. We issued $750 million of senior notes. The coupon was 7.5%. At the same time, we redeemed $710 million of notes. The coupon on the old debt was 9.75% so that’s a good trade.  Yesterday, we paid off another $692 million of fixed rate debt. $492 million of it was couponed at 10.75% and the other $200 million was at 6.75% and they are both redeemed at maturity. We have no more bond maturities this year and we have over a billion dollars of available capacity, about a $1.2 billion on our credit facility and we have the capacity certainly therefore to do everything we’ve been talking about. Our fixed and floating rate is 59% fixed, 41% floating.  We received in the quarter another $19 million of insurance recoveries, that’s related to Hurricane Katrina. These amounts have now been recognized into income, and that is pending the final settlement of the company’s insurance claim. Through June 30th, we had collected a total of $430 million dollars in recoveries, $82 million of which has been deferred. We’ll start recognizing some of that income in the current quarter. I’ll talk about that in a minute.  We continue to believe, as I’m looking out into the future here, that we’ll see strong operating trends, particularly here on the Las Vegas Strip. RevPAR we expect to be again strong in the current quarter. Operating margins, we also believe will remain strong. With a half a year under the belt, we feel more confident to say that Las Vegas is on track to have a very solid year.  We think that our trends have improved, the second quarter was certainly better than the first in terms of some important revenue and volume metrics; slot volumes, occupancy, building of rate; all underlying demand metrics that we are very happy with.  We continue to invest in these properties and the investments yield immediate returns, and therefore we believe that you’ll see the greatest delta in our property performance at the properties that are getting the major investments. A lot of those properties are the Mandalay Bay resort group properties.  We continue to work on some pretty exciting strategic partnerships. Terry mentioned the Kerzner one. I think that’s an example of things we can do and are working on and we believe we can significantly monetize the value of our brands and substantial real estate holdings in the quarters and years ahead.  John mentioned MGM Grand Detroit. It cannot be overemphasized how strong we are and how excited we are about the opening of that property. As well, of the MGM Grand Macau property that opens up in the fourth quarter. We expect them to be the market leaders and expect them to contribute significantly to our earnings in 2008.  Specifically, in terms of guidance in the third quarter, we expect profits from Tower 3 of the Signature of around $13 million. This brings the total profit of Tower 3 to $76 million. To put that in perspective, you recall that we earned about $54 million, that’s our share, $54 million of profit in Tower 1; about $71 million of profit in Tower 2. So far we’re seeing $76 million of profit in Tower 3 and we still have a few units left to sell.  As I said, we expect to recognize income from insurance proceeds related to Katrina in the third quarter. Our guess on that is $44 million. That’s due to the settlement of a portion of the claim subsequent to the second quarter end. There are still outstanding claims for which we have not received payments and we do expect to receive additional proceeds pending further negotiations with various carriers.  Total stock compensation will be, we believe, about $10 million in the quarter. Corporate expense in the $35 million to $40 million dollar range, and that includes stock compensation expense of about $4 million. Pre-opening expenses we believe will be approximately $30 million to $35 million as we ramp up the pre-opening activities in Detroit and in Macau. Net interest expense, we’re estimating to be approximately $175 million to $180 million in the quarter, with a gross interest expense of approximately 240 to 245, cap interest around 65. Depreciation, we estimate to be in the $170 million to $175 million dollar range from continuing operations.  The income tax rate, our effective tax rate excluding one-time items will be approximately 37% in the third quarter. In addition, we record a one-time tax provision charge in the third quarter due to a change in tax law in Michigan. The new tax law will lead us to record an increase in our deferred tax liabilities, and a corresponding charge to the income tax provision. The impact of that one-time item is about $20 million.  As it relates to capital expenditures, our guidance remains the same. We expect to spend approximately $3 billion this year on everything that we’ve discussed, all the property development, new projects and the CityCenter being the most particular one. That has always excluded the land purchases that we have made.  So with that, we have about 30 minutes for your questions, so I’ll turn it back over to Robin to get to it. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Felicia Henry. 
Felicia Hendrix – Lehman Brothers : First question for you gave the hold impact at Mandalay Bay, what was it at Bellagio? 
Jim Murren: Well, I think it was the other way around, wasn’t it. John gave it specifically, I’m sorry. I wasn’t listening to you John. What was it at Bellagio?  I can give you the Bellagio side Felicia on hold. Remember we said in the last quarter, last year second quarter that the unusually high hold of Bellagio in the second quarter resulted in about a $15 million increase in EBITDA. So, this year, the abnormally low hold was negative $10 million to $15 million EBITDA. So the year-over-year swing, I guess if you look at it that way would be like $25 million to $30 million difference. That’s Bellagio.  Another way of looking at it is looking at our whole percentage in general. I guess one way of looking at it is although, and we have said, we’ve been between 18% and 22%, table hold, really, for the past six-and-a-half years. A 1% difference in table hold represents about $8 million of EBITDA, as big as we are now. So the swing in the quarter between a year ago was about a little over $24 million or $0.05 a share in earnings. 
Felicia Hendrix – Lehman Brothers : Moving on to your Kerzner JV, wondering when you expect to have a signed contract and if you have any kind of details about how they are going to finance the project or how project in general is going to be financed, rather? 
Jim Murren: Well, we’re pretty much wrapping up the definitive agreement negotiations now, Felicia. So we expect to have that definitive signed this month. And of course, when we get that signed, we will disclose that at that time. In terms of what the project will look like, that will be next year. We’re sitting down with our friends there and working on a plan. What would you guess, Terry, the of next year? 
Terry Lanni: I would think clearly by the middle of next year. 
Jim Murren: Middle of next year we’ll be able to give you a program. What I can tell you is remember how that deal works: Kerzner and its partners put in $600 million cash. We put in the 40 acres at a land value of $20 million an acre. When that occurs, we actually, MGM Mirage pulls out $200 million, we put that in our pocket. That $1.2 billion of equity, of land and cash equity we believe will be more than sufficient to raise the bank debt capital that we expect will largely fund the project. Between Kerzner and MGM Mirage as sponsors, the ability for us to raise money in the bank market is, I don’t think that is any question. We could do that today if we felt like it. So we’ll do all that sometime probably early next year. At that time, we’ll be able to give you a very detailed ideas of what the project looks like, what it will be and when it will open. 
Felicia Hendrix – Lehman Brothers : Okay, that’s great. So along those lines, as we try to forecast or think about future projects that you might do domestically, given your experience, probably given the quality of the partners that you’re going to be working with, even in light of this environment, do you see risk or maybe timing delays on any kind of future domestic JV projects you might have in the pipeline. 
Jim Murren: The folks that we’re talking to, Felicia, are not looking at the TNBS market. The folks we’re talking to are very, very large strategic partners, non-gaming strategic partners and other investors that are not dependent upon the day to day fluctuation of the credit markets. So the work that we’re doing, which is constant, has not abated whatsoever in the past month. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies. 
 Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies : A couple quick questions. One, on the management company or hospitality, can you explain how you envision we’ll see how things come out of that is going to be? Is it in Diaoyutai first and other hotels around the world? Is it expanding existing guest house before you build new ones? Can you just give us some idea of the direction we might be looking that. 
Terry Lanni: Gamal and I have met a number of times over this. He’s traveling as a matter of fact right now. If you break it down with the existing agreements we have, for example the Diaoyutai State Guest House, we are in Beijing and different cities in China right now looking for various sites to look at non-casino hotels within China. We have found some excellent sites and we’re moving towards closure on those and we’ll have announcements shortly on those. So in that regard, they would be development of new brand and would be MGM at the Diaoyutai as boutique hotels.  The thought would be these would be 300 rooms roughly all suites. They would have City Club so you would have the wealthiest people in those cities participating in that and a world class spa. So it will be boutique in that regard and it will be a new brand but brands that are very familiar already in China. The Diaoyutai is well-known throughout the higher circles of people within the People’s Republic of China. Because of our affiliation with our sister company for so many years the studios, MGM is a very well-known name in the PRC. That’s moving along quite well. In Abudabi it’s a joint venture called Mirala we are working on the development of a joint venture of hotel in the Emirates, as well as the potential property here on the strip, a non-casino property with them because that’s a non-casino development company in that regard.  As you know, also we have the MGM Grand in Foxwoods in Connecticut and it will be opening in June next year. That is coming along very nicely and we’re looking at other opportunities in that regard with them.  What we’re doing also in hospitality is the idea, we are approached all the time with different people, with new brands, existing brands that are looking for participation. In many instances, these will be non-capital investment areas. They will merely be management, development and operating agreements. Again, it’s the early stages of it but we have great hope and expectation for this company. Gamal is very excited about it and he’s putting a team together and I think the opportunities will be both domestic and international. As Jim was mentioning the other aspects of our businesses, we are partnering up with significant partners with significant resources at every level. 
 Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies : We should be looking for 18 to 20 times multiple in that like Four Seasons used to get, right? 
Terry Lanni: We’ll give ourselves five seasons. We’ll get an extra season. 
 Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies : Second question, your outlook in Japan. LBS mentioned a little bit that things are going on. Do you see any timing there? Obviously it’s a market you will be looking at. 
Jim Murren: It is a market we will be looking at. We have international operations subsidiary which is headed by Bob Moon, who is also the current President in the development company at MGM Grand Macau. We’ve watched with interest, obviously Prime Minister’s Abhay’s loss of the upper house which is the first since the end of the World War II is a significant one. What he does or doesn’t do may have an impact. The minority party is now the majority party in the upper house or at least plurality. They’ll have a lot to say about it and  I think the easy flow that was expected with the liberal democratic party is going to probably be facing some adjustments here. I think it will be a little more time than maybe all of others had anticipated before. It will be approved, I suspect it will be approved and we believe it is a market we should be a part of. 
 Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies : As far as your 14 acres in Atlantic City and also CityCenter East any feeling for CityCenter East and what you might do with the 14 acres? 
Jim Murren: As we mentioned before a couple calls ago or the last one, Ken is heading up the design and the program for the 71 acres at Renaissance point immediately adjacent to Borgata. We would expect to be in a position to move further on that and present it to our board either the end of this year or the beginning of next year with a proposal for a development on that site.  The second site you referred to, the 14 acres have been in litigation with an issue that have been determined in our favor by the court that is being appealed. As it’s being appealed, we obviously think the court should be involved in this process. We’ll evaluate our opportunities.  The land values fortunately in Atlantic City are only increase. It is a great location, 14 acres immediately next to Trump Marina and we think it has potential but we need to follow through the litigation and the appeal process which probably will take some more time. Jane is here and she’s the number two in our legal department. She does all the work anyway, and Gary’s in China so she just tells me it’s going to take a little while. 
 Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies : This is the last question. As far as timing and announcing the next Macau sites. 
Jim Murren: We’re working on that also but obviously our focus is to get open in Macau which we will during the fourth quarter of this year. We’re moving on that. But we also have located a site working with the government on that and that will be announced when the work is completed on developing the program for it. As you probably know, that is required. You need to develop the program on government-owned land, and the government to determine the lease cost of it and that’s what we’re in the process of working on right now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley - UBS. 
 Robin Farley - UBS: I have a question about your Las Vegas trends. It came in on the broader market a little bit better than we might have expected in terms of RevPAR. Maybe a little more color on the baccarat volume decline because I think we saw the same thing in Q1. 
Terry Lanni: On the baccarat I sound like a broken record but I had long conversations with the president of our international marketing and with Bob Moon who is on the ground right now if you will in Hong Kong and Macau. It’s more anecdotal than what I can provide. The anecdotal aspect is that very clearly our friends, and I use that advisedly, at Venetian and at Wynn are meeting a lot of people from the People’s Republic of China.  The issue is that we really do believe that they’re being introduced to new business that we haven’t seen and we can’t wait to open as we will in the fourth quarter of this year and put back a level playing field. But we’re holding our business very well with existing customers and historical customers. But it’s clear that there are new people we don’t know who are visiting the Wynn and the Sands properties in Macau and they are properly and I give them credit for it, taking advantage of that and welcoming them here in the States and here in Nevada. We expect a level playing field to deal with that, as we have historically. In the interim, as I said two quarters ago, this is going to be a problem for us and challenge for us until we do open. 
Jim Murren: I would add to that, Robin, a couple things to put in perspective. One is we certainly have not gotten a lot of that incremental business. The underlying business on the high end for us is still quite strong. Our table game volume at Bellagio and MGM Grand Las Vegas was significantly above our neighbor up the street that just reported yesterday.  In terms of hold, remember, our hold has an impact on drop from the standpoint of how hold is calculated. Without making excuses on it, we’ve lost business but I believe Terry, you’re saying the incremental business. The fundamental business on the high end is still firm. We had, as I said, very strong customer activity. I should have said it, good customer activity in the quarter because we had very attractive events like the De La Hoya fight and other events that brought in play but sometimes they beat us darn it and that happened in the quarter. 
Terry Lanni: Clearly, you’re right in the national business we’re doing quite well and exceeding expectations very frankly and a very robust probably economy is helping us. But that’s moving very much in that way. But I was referring specifically to baccarat and specifically to new clients from the People’s Republic of China who are going into the Sands and into Wynn in Macau and haven’t been going to our property right now because they have to bring hammers and nails. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Greff – Bear Stearns. 
 Joseph Greff – Bear Stearns : In the second quarter, I guess what we would characterize maybe as the mid-market properties – New York, New York or Excalibur – did quite well. Can you amplify what were the drivers there? 
Jim Murren: We saw it really accelerating throughout the quarter, we saw better walk-in business. We saw better occupancy through the FIT channels. We saw overall stronger activity on the floors which was evidenced by the slot volumes being up. We had some aberrant behavior in the first quarter. We had some highway closures temporarily. We had a consumer that clearly was more distracted in the first quarter than the second. So our mass market business, our economy up through the mid-market business was clearly stronger in the second quarter versus the first quarter. That translated into you saw the occupancy and also the slot volumes and table volumes excluding the baccarat.  I think also some of the amenities that we’ve added over the past several quarters are starting to kick in. I think the big impact in that segment has not yet been felt because most of the important work is as John mentioned is taking place right now at Luxor Monte Carlo, Excalibur, Mandalay. You’ll see, I hope, customer traffic increase as a result of that. But anything specific, John. 
Jim Murren: It’s really a slot hotel story. In the cases of Excalibur we only renovated 1,000 of the 4,000 rooms. The next thousand rooms are coming up and scheduled to start in November of this year. So that story continues to get better over the next several years. But clearly, the occupancy ADR improvement and slot traffic. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Kent – Goldman Sachs. 
 Steve Kent – Goldman Sachs : First, from a strategic perspective, can you just give us some color or an update on where you are seeing demand for your assets given the filings on June 20th? Are there still as many people interested in the individual assets or the company? Have those parties changed?  Just from an operations perspective, forward bookings going into Q3, Q4 especially on the convention side of the business. Maybe you can give us some color on that. 
Jim Murren: Sure. Well, on the first part I’ll tackle that and then I’ll turn it over to Terry and John on the operating trends which I think we’ve touched on but we’ll give you a little bit more detail on it.  The Kerzner joint venture occurred quite rapidly to us, in fact in the room that we’re in right now. Solomon Kerzner called Terry Lanni, you sat down and it immediately resulted in a decision to meet as a collective entity to see if we can hammer out a letter of intent which we did in record time I think for a variety of reasons, we have high degree of respect and admiration for each other. We think a lot alike as it relates to development and management. We had a common objective of putting a great resort with a Kerzner flavor on the strip because we believe that will be great for the valley and great for the neighborhood. Of course we own a lot of land in the neighborhood.  So that deal came together quite quickly, but what we recognized through the original 13D filing and the process that ensued from that was that’s an enormous amount of demand from a variety of sectors on trying to partner up with us. Whether that be passive money, insurance companies, pension money in the financial segment to other financial sponsors, whether it’s PE money or hedge funds or otherwise.  To the strategic side where we’ve been very encouraged and I’m actually quite surprised about the quality and size of companies in the non-gaming arena, but large companies nonetheless, that are interested in perhaps partnering up with a company like MGM Mirage given our position in the marketplace.  So since that filing, I believe you’re referring to, Steve, it’s been constant. Our focus has been to get the definitive agreement completed with Kerzner and as I said, that should be done this month and to continue to dialogue with some other folks. I think it’s logical to expect that you’ll hear more on this topic in a productive way as the quarters progress.  As it relates to the operating trends, can you repeat it? 
 Steve Kent – Goldman Sachs : The convention bookings going into Q3 and Q4 and just forward looking more broadly. 
John Redmond: Q3 and Q4 on all fronts, whether it’s convention, FIT, foreign travel, any market segment you want to pick looked very, very strong. Obviously we’re a month into a quarter already and there’s no reason to believe that the third and fourth quarter won’t be very strong. So we’re very encouraged by what we see, what we’ve seen and what we believe we’re going to see on a go-forward basis. It looks very strong. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley. 
 Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley : I was intrigued by the comments about how much your partners are investing into Luxor. Is that something new or is that something you’ve seen in the past and should we see more of that if it’s new?  Secondarily Jim you mentioned a lot of partners, passive partners potentially wanting to put money into the potential future developments. How much management capacity do you have, you don’t have five Kerzners out there, but how much capacity do you have to do multiple deals given everything you’re trying to do right now. 
Terry Lanni: The issue is the management side with the hospitality company for example. We’re basically taking only two people from our existing operations to join Gamal; others are being engaged from the outside through search firms with significant backgrounds and pure hospitality industries, pure hotel industry. There are a lot of people very frankly that want to invest with us. There are a lot of people that want to work with us and that is coming through very well. Individual operations, I don’t think there’s a company in the industry that has the depth of management that we have. We bring a lot of talent along through different programs and when you see a great president at Luxor, you have ten people below him who are moving right along and giving opportunities to people. I am very comfortable at the depth, breadth and quality of our management and the ability to reach out where we need to in new areas. I’m very comfortable on the management side. 
Jim Murren: Maybe I can add to that for a second, Terry. Not all transactions will require significant time from our perspective. In some cases we’re a managing partner and in some cases we’re a passive partner. In addition to the fact that the depth of the management we currently have. An example would be the Turnberry venture where our friends at Turnberry did quite a bit, of course we were very active but they did quite a bit of work. That little joint venture made over $400 million. We got over $200 million, right, John and our partners got $200 million. $400 million profit on 9 acres of land is pretty cool. I think we can do deals in the future with that kind of template. That’s a pretty good one. Some of them require almost little time relative to our partners. Some require more.  The other point I’d make is in light of what’s going on in the industry and I mean the hospitality industry with many companies going private, in many cases you have a pick of very talented people. They’re out looking for work and MGM is an employer of choice. We’re the largest employer in this state, and I think we pay people pretty well and people like working here. So the ability to attract management to supplement the deep bench Terry mentioned has never been better. 
John Redmond: Plus based on Luxor and maybe before that, we kind of demonstrated that bench that Jim and Terry referred to when we took over the Mandalay Bay properties, we placed new management as all of you know in most of those properties and I’m sure our results show, we haven’t skipped a beat here. We have a very, very deep operations. Bobby and I spend a lot of time developing talent at all of our respective properties and we’re very comfortable about the folks we have on board here.  Speaking about Luxor and the investments to be made by others, I think each property you have to look at a little bit differently in terms of how you look at outside investments. Luxor we felt there was such tremendous opportunity but it was also going to cost a lot of money to put Luxor in a position where we thought it needed to be as well as potentially a lot of time if you looked at it as a sequential process of development. We didn’t want to wait that much time. You know this company all too well. We wanted to move quickly and aggressively so it made sense for us to look for additional partners, ones who have a demonstrated track record of success and has the financial wherewithal to move quickly and aggressively as we do. So we’re very happy with the partners we brought on.  We have some other very interesting partners and compelling projects that we’re exploring on a go-forward basis. I was mentioning we’re about $60 million that other partners are putting in and upwards of another $40 million in the not too distant future by additional partners. So that’s going to get the Luxor property to where we think it needs to be. We’ve always thought that that property had so much upside that we’re just going to realize it faster when we bring in partners in a way that we’re doing. 
Jim Murren: I think, Celeste, you bring up an interesting point. Four, five years ago, we wouldn’t have been able to do that type of transaction. We would be out looking around the country looking for people that would manage something that we build and burdened by our capital, the success, the dramatic success of these venues, these night life venues which I don’t go to, but the dramatic success that has attracted an awful lot of interest. So the tables have turned a little bit where we’re getting approached by people that are more than willing to put up capital. They seem to be very successful once they do so and it allows us to upgrade these properties at a much lower cost to us. 
 Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley : I was wondering if you can give a little more detail on the $250 million in increment sales for CityCenter where those units were sold in terms of the different buildings. Was any of that from exclusive resorts or will it fall into the third quarter? 
Jim Murren: I’ll tackle the second question right away. Exclusive resort transactions fall into the current quarter here. One thing to mention on that because it’s a significant transaction and they announced that they are going to have 30 units, that is 30 units reconfigured, I think we sold 76 units to them which they are going to convert to 30 units. That will have a significant jump in the quarter. We have sold well over 600 units now at Vadara just alone. But in total, remember that Harmon is not even on the market, 209 so when we say 2,600 units, we really are only trying to market about 2,400 units right now, and we have sold 1,200 of them. Half of the units on the market right now, specific to the quarter was really across the portfolio with a significant amount occurring at [Vere], to a lesser extent at Vadara. We sold a few units that we had left over at Mandarin, which is already the runaway success. So most of the activity in the second quarter was at [Vere], and I believe, Terry, we put Harmon on the market at the end of this quarter? 
Terry Lanni: Yes, at the end of August. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Harry Curtis – JP Morgan. 
 Harry Curtis – JP Morgan : If you could talk about where your cash might come from over the next couple years outside of cash flow from operations? You’ve talked a little bit about where it could be extracted from the Kerzner partnership. Is there much that we could expect coming from those kinds of transactions? Also, do you have any appetite for selling individual or groups of assets? Could you see some cash coming in that way and what do you do with it? 
Jim Murren: Well, we like to say we planned perfectly for this day and that we knew exactly what was going to happen in the credit markets over the past three weeks, but of course we didn’t. But we did want to make sure that we had enormous amount of financial flexibility going into 2007 because we knew we were going to spend about $3 billion this year. That is why we were very active issuers of bonds in ‘06 throughout and into here in ‘07 and doing a large deal in the second quarter.  That put us in the position that we’re in today, which means we are not dependent upon nor expect to be in the bond market at all this year, and probably won’t see the bond market until sometime next year.  As I said, we have substantial amount of bank capacity and our banks love us and they should. We’re good guys and we have a substantial relationship with our banks that, you know, is very productive on a going-forward basis. So between our bank facility which is large -- the largest in our industry -- and our cash flows, we feel very comfortable about our financial needs over the coming period of time.  From the standpoint of joint ventures, these joint ventures we put in the land as equity. We’re getting cash back. If we this a couple more times which I expect we will, we’ll get more cash back. These properties are unlevered. So when we go out and do deals, we’re not the kind of joint venture partner that needs to access CNBS market or the bond market. We go out and talk to our friends at the banks and we go out and do non-recourse bank deals and they’re lining up to do that with us, even today and so joint ventures become immediately balance sheet positive. They provide us with a platform to provide bank financing and provide us with an opportunity to grow quite rapidly.  As it relates to selling assets, we do that too. We sold two major groups of assets last quarter alone. We’re constantly getting pinged by people wanting to buy some of our properties and I would bet there will be properties that we do sell, small ones, over time. As we continue to do what good portfolio managers should do, emphasize your winners and cut your smaller properties away.  In terms of existing major properties, there has been a major initiative underway where people have approached us about partnering up with existing resorts or existing development projects. Both of which we’re open-minded to, and so we look at the opportunities today as not just simply Greenfield construction opportunities of which we are working on a few others but also more broadly within our asset spectrum.  So I think we got a little bit lucky in the sense that there’s a lot of interest in gaming from a variety of investors that we had not anticipated a year ago. We made some luck by buying land at the right time and buying companies at the right time. We’re very, I think, fortunate in our timing of accessing the credit markets so as to give us an awful lot of latitude and time to see how this whole market shakes out. 
Harry Curtis – JP Morgan : So a quick follow up. How does share repurchase fit in with this? You didn’t mention any share repurchase in your prepared remarks. If you could comment about your appetite going forward. 
Jim Murren: Well, we were a little distracted in the second quarter, which was why were we not in the market. We likely would have been. We’re consistent acquirers of our shares. We have 5.5 million shares remaining in our current authorization. If history’s any guide, we’ll finish that up and ask the board for another authorization. That’s what we’ve done, you know, year in and year out.  We believe that the best opportunity to invest in gaming today is in ourselves. We don’t see any M&A activity out there that’s attractive to MGM Mirage at any multiple. I don’t see, unless you disagree, Terry, anything. Terry used to tease me all the time that I want to buy everybody and we’re looking at every company and every thing. But the reality is where we are today given the land that we own, given the opportunities that we have, the opportunity or the attractiveness of using our capital to acquire other gaming companies is not appealing to us.  So as we allocate capital, it’s going to be in ourselves through the virtue of capital expenditures and share repurchases. I would expect that in the future, you would see us take a page from the past and continue to reinvest in ourselves. 
Terry Lanni: Let me add one point, Jim. I was looking at this the other day and we have actually purchased over 139.5 million shares, history to date, at a cost of $2.156 billion and that’s $16 plus per share. So it’s been a good investment. 
Jim Murren: Thank you. On behalf of everyone here in Las Vegas, I want to thank you all for participating in the call. As always, if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to give us a jingle. Thank you.
