===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to Mr. James Brunk, Chief Financial Officer. Sir? Please go ahead.
James Brunk: Thanks, Jamie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries Quarterly Investor Conference Call. Joining me on the call are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Paul De Kock, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we'll update you on the company's first quarter performance and provide guidance for the second quarter of 2025. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include the discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-Ks and press release in the Investors section of our website. I'll now turn over the call to Jeff for his opening remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Jim. In the first quarter, our reported sales were $2.5 billion, a decrease of 5.7% as reported or about flat on a constant basis, absorbing two fewer shipping days and year-over-year foreign exchange headwind. Even with soft market conditions, our premium collections and differentiated products we launched in 2024 generated above-market results. We recorded earnings per share of $1.52, our performance primarily benefiting from productivity gains, restructuring actions, and a lower tax rate, which offset pricing pressure and higher input costs. The impact of missed sales and extraordinary costs from our new Flooring North America order system was within the expected range, and services returned to historical rates. We are enhancing the system to improve our efficiencies and provide greater functionality and capabilities. During the quarter, we purchased 225,000 shares of our stock for approximately $26 million. Last month, global tariffs were announced, which elevated uncertainty for businesses and consumers. In response to the retaliatory tariffs, the US also implemented tariffs of 45% on China, which supplies a significant part of LVT sold in the US. Mohawk is a substantial domestic operation to produce ceramic tile, carpet, laminate, sheet vinyl, LVT, and quartz countertops, which is more advantageous as tariffs increase. To offer our customers a wider variety of options, we supplement our ceramic tile and LVT manufactured in the US with imported products. Most of the ceramic tile and some of the LVT we import is produced in our own facilities in Mexico and is not subject to tariffs under the USMCA agreement. We increased our inventory levels in preparation for tariffs being implemented. At the current 10% rate, we expect Mohawk will incur annualized costs of approximately $50 million, which we expect to address through price increases and supply chain adjustments as needed. In addition to the direct impact, the tariffs are likely to influence consumer and new construction and business spending in both the US and abroad, though the extent is unpredictable at this time. Another impact of the tariffs is a weakening of the US dollar, which could benefit our domestic manufacturing and translated results this year. Across our markets, conditions in the first quarter weakened sequentially, with residential remodeling remaining the lowest sector. Even before the tariff announcements, consumer confidence had been falling as individuals have grown increasingly concerned about their future prospects. In the US, concerns over inflation have prevented the Fed from reducing rates, though most are now predicting the Fed will make multiple rate cuts during 2025. So far this year, more US homes are being offered for sale, as available housing inventory continues to rise. After multiple years of deferring purchases, some consumers are reentering the real estate market to meet their current family needs. Others are staying in their homes longer than planned and will initiate remodeling projects to maintain their properties and accommodate family changes. As the spring selling season begins, the outlook for US homebuilders remains cautious, with March results showing significant variation by region. Due to economic uncertainty and the war in Ukraine, consumer confidence in Europe has also declined, leading to postponed home sales and remodeling activities. As inflation nears their target, the European Central Bank cut central rates to 2.25% in April to stimulate the economy as well as the housing market. As defense and infrastructure spending increases, the European economy, particularly Germany, could see improvement. Now Jim will review our financial details for the quarter.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. Sales for the quarter were just over $2.5 billion, that's a 5.7% decrease as reported or 0.7% on a constant basis, including absorbing two less shipping days, unfavorable year-over-year foreign exchange, and the previously disclosed impact of the Flooring North America system conversion. These headwinds were partially offset by favorable price mix in the quarter, primarily in our Global Ceramic and Flooring North America segments. Gross margin for the quarter was 23.1% as reported and excluding charges was 24.1%, in line with the prior year. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 19.2% on an adjusted basis, again relatively in line with the prior year. Operating income as reported was $96 million or 3.8%. During the quarter, we had charges of $26 million primarily related to our previously announced restructuring actions across the enterprise, which will generate approximately $100 million of savings this year. It gave us an operating margin from an adjusted basis of 4.8%, a 130 basis point decrease versus the prior year due to higher input costs of $41 million, the impact of the Flooring North America order management system conversion of approximately $30 million, which was in line with our expectations, volume of $11 million, partially offset by improvement in productivity of $51 million. Interest expense for the quarter was $6 million, a decrease versus the prior year due to lower overall debt and the benefit of interest income reflecting the strength of our balance sheet. Based on our current outlook, we anticipate our interest expense to be in the range of $25 to $30 million for the full year. Our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 18% versus 21.8% in the prior year. We're forecasting a Q2 tax rate of approximately 21% and for the full year to be approximately 20%. It gave us an earnings per share for the quarter on a reported basis of $1.15 and adjusted earnings per share of $1.52. Turning to the segments, Global Ceramic had sales of just over $990 million, that's a 4.9% decrease as reported and an increase of 1.2% on a constant basis, driven by an improvement in our product and channel mix across the segment, partially offset by lower sales volume. Our operating income on an adjusted basis was $48 million or 4.8%, that's only 20 basis points below the prior year as higher input costs of $18 million, lower sales volume of $10 million offset gains in productivity versus the prior year of $21 million, driven by an improvement in our year-over-year results in the US, Brazil, and Europe. In Flooring North America, our sales were $862 million, that is a decrease of 4.2% as reported or 1.1% on a constant basis, as the segment had improvement in price and mix, especially in the resilient laminate and commercial soft business units, offset by the negative impact of the order management system conversion, which was approximately $50 million, most of that being on volume. It gave us an operating income on an adjusted basis of $26 million or 3%, excluding charges, a decline of 230 basis points versus the prior year, as the year-over-year improvement in productivity of $27 million was offset by higher input costs of CAD 19 million and the impact of the system conversion of approximately $30 million. In Flooring Rest of the World, we had sales of $670 million, that's an 8.8% decrease as reported and 2.9% on an adjusted basis, driven by lower sales volume and unfavorable price mix, primarily in our laminate insulation and sheet vinyl business units. Operating income on an adjusted basis was 9.1%, that's a decline of 100 basis points versus the prior year, due to unfavorable price mix of approximately $8 million and lower sales volume, only partially offset by stronger productivity, as the improvement in our LVT business was offset by the weakness in insulation and laminate. Corporate eliminations for the quarter were $12 million, in line with the prior year, and we anticipate the full year expenses to be approximately $50 million. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and cash equivalents were just over $700 million. In Q1, our free cash flow was a use of approximately $85 million, primarily due to timing with the delayed invoicing in Flooring North America and an increase in imported goods ahead of US tariff rollout. We still forecast a strong overall year in free cash flow. Inventories were just over $2.6 billion. Our inventory grew by approximately $80 million versus the prior year, primarily due to the increase of imported goods again, ahead of the recently announced US tariffs. Property, plant, and equipment were just over $4.6 billion. Our Q1 CapEx was $89 million with D&A at approximately $150 million. The company plans to invest approximately $530 million in 2025 with D&A of approximately $600 million, focusing on cost reduction and product innovation projects. And lastly, overall, the balance sheet and cash flow outlook remain very strong with current net debt of $1.7 billion and a leverage of 1.2 times. And with that, I will turn it over to Paul to review our Q1 operational performance.
Paul De Kock: Thank you, Jim. In our Global Ceramic segment, our strategy is to grow our market share in a difficult environment. We believe we outperformed the markets in most of our regions while optimizing our mix and reducing costs. With low demand, we are leveraging our extensive offering, superior service, and reliability to improve our position with existing customers while pursuing new opportunities. Pricing pressure remains a challenge due to low capacity utilization across the industry in all of our geographies, and we are taking selective pricing actions where feasible. Our restructuring projects are on schedule, and we are evaluating additional initiatives to lower our costs. In the US, we delivered solid results in both residential and commercial as we focused on ceramic tile contractors, kitchen and bath dealers, and commercial projects. Given rising input costs, we implemented targeted pricing increases on our higher-value products. Most of our US floor and wall tile portfolio is manufactured in the US and Mexico, which should advantage our business given tariffs on imported products. Our domestically produced quartz countertops should also benefit since more than half of that market is using imported alternatives. In Europe, our results benefited from our premium collections, innovative product introductions, and growing participation in the commercial channel, which is outperforming residential. Sales of our porcelain slabs are growing significantly due to our advanced visuals, capacity expansion, and improved costs. Natural gas prices in Europe have recently declined and will help offset other inflation. In Brazil, our results benefited from strength in exports throughout South America, pricing actions, and enhanced mix. The Mexican market remains challenging, and we are expanding our porcelain offering to grow our distribution and improve our mix. Our restructuring projects in Mexico are on track and will lower our costs and increase our competitive position. In our Flooring Rest of the World segment, we are responding to challenging market conditions through strategies to expand sales in parts of Europe with stronger economies, introducing new products to satisfy regional preferences, and focusing on greater export opportunities around the world. To offset higher input costs, we are taking selective pricing actions where possible, while also pursuing productivity gains and cost reductions. We are controlling inventory and managing operations to align with lower demand. In our Flooring business, our transition from flexible to rigid LVT has helped increase volumes, and we have improved our manufacturing performance. In Europe, we are experiencing increased pricing and mix pressures in our flooring categories as retailers shift their product assortments to lower price points to align with consumers trading down. To increase sales of our Quick Step premium flooring, we are expanding distribution in Southern and Eastern Europe. In the quarter, we started a new laminate press that can deliver the next generation of product features and is more efficient than the line we retired. Our panels mix benefited from the growth of our premium collections and higher-value decorative panels despite ongoing pressure on our commodity panels business. Our insulation performance improved in the UK, and sales of flat roof products for commercial projects increased. We are expanding insulation sales into Eastern Europe to support a new facility in Poland that will be operational in 2027 when we expect more favorable market conditions. In both the Panels and Insulation business, we have announced selective price increases given inflation. Our Flooring North America segment performed in line with expectations as our shipments recovered from the disruption caused by the order system conversion. Residential remodeling remains under pressure due to low housing turnover, elevated interest rates, and weakening consumer confidence. In 2025, we launched many new products to better position us for a recovery of the category. At the recent National Trade Show, our new Kazakhstan Black Label luxury carpet collection was chosen by dealers as the best product for style and design. During the quarter, we also benefited from strong sales performance in LVT, as we have expanded our portfolio across all price points. Our East and West Coast LVT production strategy is improving our service and optimizing our logistics costs. The acceptance of our premium waterproof laminate as an alternative to LVT is progressing in both residential remodeling and new construction. It provides superior aesthetics, is scratch-resistant, and has a more dependable supply. We are further increasing our domestic laminate capacity to support the increasing demand. We have expanded our relationships with homebuilders across the country in both carpet and hard surfaces, which are yielding higher sales. In commercial, order activity is good across all categories as we benefited from accelerated product launches. Restructuring actions in the segment are on track and delivering the expected savings. We are working to offset higher input costs through additional process improvements and cost reduction actions. I will now return the call to Jeff for his closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Paul. With the implementation of the tariffs last month, there is more uncertainty with the global economic outlook, and softer conditions are anticipated given higher inflation, lower consumer confidence, and reduced business investment. At this point, the tariff amount and the effect on consumer spending and housing are still evolving. We will take the appropriate actions to manage the impact of tariffs as needed. We're focusing on optimizing our sales and further lowering our operational costs with our restructuring initiatives this year, which should result in a benefit of approximately $100 million. Our Flooring North America segment service has returned to historical levels while we continue to enhance the functionality and efficiency of the system's new order system. We expect increased costs from inflation will be partially mitigated by productivity gains, cost containment, and strategic pricing actions. We anticipate pricing pressure will continue in all regions given low demand and competitive markets. Global ceramics and flooring North America are improving their mix with increased participation in the commercial channel, sales of premium collections, and performance of recent product introductions. In the rest of the world segment, European consumer demand for large discretionary items such as flooring is at a low level with product remixing, though declining interest rates could stimulate demand. Given these factors, we expect our second quarter adjusted EPS will be between $2.52 and $2.62, excluding any restructuring or other one-time charges. We remain optimistic about the long-term prospects of the flooring category given where we are in the housing cycle. To improve our results, we continue to reduce our cost structures, simplify our operations and product complexity, and invest in new product features. When the Great Recession bottomed out, our industry rebounded dramatically, growing more than 10% in subsequent years. Though we cannot predict the inflection point, we expect our results to significantly improve when the industry volumes return to historical levels. As with past economic cycles, we'll emerge from this period operationally stronger and ready to provide our customers with superior products and service. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we'll begin the question and answer session. If you are using a speakerphone, we do ask that you please pick up your handset before pressing the keys. To withdraw your question, you may press star and 2. We do ask that you please limit yourselves to one question and a single follow-up in the interest of time. At this time, we'll pause momentarily to assemble the roster. Our first question today comes from John Lovallo from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
John Lovallo: Morning, guys. Thank you for taking my questions. Maybe starting with the tariffs, you guys talked about an annualized cost impact of $50 million. I mean, how should we sort of think about the timing of that coming through in 2025? I mean, is there anything embedded in 2Q? Or is it just more kind of a second half? And then you sort of mentioned your intentions to offset the impact with pricing actions and supply chain adjustments. I mean, any additional color there between the split of those buckets? Particularly considering that the pricing environment right now is fairly challenging?
James Brunk: Well, let me start, John, on your first question. Timing. Obviously, as you know, we're on a FIFO accounting system, which means that as we start to purchase material that has tariff on it, it would take somewhere between four and five months to kind of turn through the inventory. So this would be certainly more of a late third quarter, fourth quarter impact, giving us sufficient time to get pricing and other actions aligned.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We started announcing increases. We're gonna continue assessing the timing of when we're gonna announce the rest of them. We think that we've stopped importing product from China at this point already. We're moving product between different suppliers and regions as we think is appropriate for what's going on. We'll continue adjusting as we need to.
John Lovallo: Understood. And then the second question would be, if I remember correctly, about 40% of LVT came in from China last year. And to the extent that the tariffs actually raised some of those import prices, I mean, do you guys think about using your domestic capacity to either, you know, take some share or, you know, raise prices, you know, along with the rest of the industry? How do you sort of think about the balance there?
Paul De Kock: Well, our East and West Coast production capacity is obviously improving our service and logistics cost and position in the US market. We have a very good manufacturing footprint, which should advantage us with the increase in tariffs. And so going forward, we'll use a balance of sourced and manufactured goods to optimize our results, and we'll continue focusing on filling our existing capacity.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Paul De Kock: Thank you. Thanks, John. Our next question comes from Matthew Bouley from Barclays Investment Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Matthew Bouley: Hey. Morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess, sticking on that same topic of pricing power, yeah, just wanted to press a little bit on kind of balancing that, you know, the environment that's promotional, right, when you have slower demand in the industry. And you mentioned at the top sort of potential for more pricing pressure across geographies, and then at the same time, you're announcing price increases going forward. So how do you think about that balance there? Is there a mix impact that can happen in that scenario? Or maybe are there different categories that may see better pricing power relative to others? Just any more color on that. Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen. We think that the market's gonna pass through the tariffs in our category with pricing actions. It's just starting to happen, and still evolving as we're going through at this point. We have announced price increases, and we are assessing the timing of the rest of them to pass it through. We think that the tariffs increase our competitive position given all the local products that we make. There could be some movements between product categories within it as LVT in general goes up more than the other product categories, and it could benefit our alternatives like laminate, which is an easy alternative for it. Ceramic as well as even carpet may benefit as the costs go up and people try to manage it.
Matthew Bouley: Got it. Okay. Thank you for that, Jeff. And then secondly, back on the $50 million of higher cost, I just wanted to get a little more detail. I guess that implies maybe you import sort of $500 million from other countries besides China. So just any color on what specifically you do import, which countries that may be? Because, obviously, we just want to understand what can happen given what you know, may change with each individual country's tariffs. Thank you.
Paul De Kock: Yeah. So you're correct. The $500 million is, obviously, a whole different scale of different products, majoritarily LVT, but we import many other products. And then we are optimizing our supply chain continuously to minimize the duties and maximize our buying power across the world. Across the $500 million.
Matthew Bouley: Okay. Thanks, Paul. Good luck, guys.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rafe Jadrosich from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Rafe Jadrosich: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I think last quarter, you guys spoke about sort of hoping to be able to grow EPS year over year, obviously, excluding the impact of the ERP issue in the first quarter. With the $50 million tariff hit, like how do you think about that playing out? And then, like, what are the puts and takes there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, I mean, as you know, it's gonna be dependent on the market conditions, which are really unpredictable at this point. We think that the tariffs will be covered by price increases as we've said. And we think we'll get enough to cover the present tariffs. We'll have to see what happens after that. We're taking actions that we've gone through to mitigate the inflation by cutting our costs and restructuring, taking other costs out. Our flooring results this year will really depend on the activity level of the global economies, the interest rates, consumer spending, and housing around the world.
James Brunk: And, Rafe, it's key, as Jeff said, is that our plan is to offset that $50 million through pricing and other supply chain initiatives. If you exclude the system conversion, given the current conditions, if the economy does stabilize, tariffs remain at present level, and you should get some, you know, maybe potential interest rate falls, we could still exceed last year's results. Obviously, the alternative is the economies weaken and investments in housing discretionary spending fall. Our results would then certainly be under pressure.
Rafe Jadrosich: That's helpful. And then just on the price cost outlook from here, I think it was a $40 million headwind in the first quarter. You've spoken about some price increases here, and it looks like some of the input costs have declined more recently. Just how do we think about the price cost as we go through the year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, you know, material and energy costs increased towards the end of last year. And as I said about on the tariffs, you know, that will begin to flow through really our results a little bit this quarter, but even into Q2 and Q3. We also have to absorb the increased cost of labor and benefits across the business. Now the cost of natural gas, you're correct, in the US and Europe recently has decreased, and that should benefit us as it flows through the inventory, but it'd be later in the year. We are increasing prices selectively and taking actions to really further reduce our cost. And we'll adjust as required, though competitive markets are making it more difficult and more challenging for increases.
Rafe Jadrosich: Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Morning. Morning. My first question is maybe just building on the outlook for 2025. Can you talk a bit more on how you're thinking of the sequential lift from first quarter to second quarter for both the top line and the margins? And then as we do think to the back half of the year, any thoughts on the margin expectations there? Especially as you think about Flooring North America and some of the various factors around some of the new products gaining momentum, the productivity initiatives relative to some of those headwinds that you've spoken about?
Jeff Lorberbaum: As you look for the rest of the year, the government policies are slowing the economy and reducing consumer confidence, which is lowering the housing and remodeling activity. As we said, we've begun price increases and expect to compensate for present tariff levels, and we'll have to adjust if they change. We'll benefit from the restructuring savings of more than $70 million left for the balance of the year. We are driving additional productivity to reduce our cost structure to help offset it. We anticipate some tailwinds in the fourth quarter from lower energy. Our interest cost this year will also be lower given that we've reduced our debt and the interest income is higher. And then we still see a potential that central banks are reducing rates and could stimulate growth, which could help our category. Europe, they keep the rates should be getting low enough to help if the consumer confidence will help it a little bit. And we continue to be flexible and will continue to adjust to the changing environment.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's helpful, Jeff. And then it was good to hear and see that you bought back some stock again this quarter. Can you talk a bit to your thoughts on capital allocation in this environment? And maybe with that too, Mohawk's ability to continue to generate really strong free cash flows even in a tougher macro?
James Brunk: Yes, Susan. You know, we still forecast even with the use of cash in the first quarter, strong free cash flow for the total year. I mentioned that CapEx forecast is about $530 million, but we may reduce that depending on as conditions materialize for the balance of the year. We did buy back about $26 million, and we'll continue to use that as part of our overall capital allocation strategy.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you. Good luck with everything.
James Brunk: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Collin Verron from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Collin Verron: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Flooring North America sales, they were down modestly in the quarter. But when you start to parse out sort of the system conversion impact, it looks like sales could have been up to low single digits. If first, is that the right way to think about it? And if it is, can you just talk about what's driving an improvement either by end markets or product categories? And do you think you saw any pull forward just as customers got ahead of some tariffs here?
Paul De Kock: Yes. So in Flooring North America, our performance was in line with expectations. As our shipments recovered well from the disruption that was caused by the order system conversion. Although residential remodeling is at low levels, because of low housing turnover, elevated interest rates, and weakening consumer confidence, we performed well in the market. We are capturing volume share with differentiated products and promotions. And also, our commercial business performed quite well. In North America and the Flooring North America segment and in the Dow Tile business, we have a larger exposure to commercial than in our other businesses. And so commercial is holding up well and pricing is more resilient, and we are increasing investments in that segment.
Collin Verron: Great. That's helpful color. And I guess just following up on that, how sustainable are those trends in commercial just given sort of the uncertain backdrop? Have you seen any changes in customer behavior as you look out into sort of projects that might hit in the back half of the year, or is it still pretty strong relative to the other end markets? Thank you.
Paul De Kock: Yes, you're correct that we are, of course, still benefiting from projects that were started last year. But at this time, we don't see the incoming orders on commercial projects tapering down. And so we are hopeful for the remainder of the year that this continues.
Collin Verron: Thank you for all the color.
Paul De Kock: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Hughes from Truist. Please go ahead with your question.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. I think in prepared statements, you said that price mix was up in both ceramic and flooring North America. That's the first time in a couple of years that we've seen that. Can you talk about what's going on in those sectors driving that up?
James Brunk: Well, in Flooring North America and in global ceramic, you are seeing the premium first of all, you're seeing the premium product do well. Both on the higher end versus carpet, laminate, porcelain slab, and in Europe. And then, also, you have that mix of channel that Paul just described where commercial, which is a larger piece of North America and global ceramic compared to flooring rest of the world, has done well so far this year. Which is also helping their mix. So it's really a combination of a little bit of product mix and a little bit of channel mix.
Keith Hughes: Second question. As you look in North America, specifically on LVT, the vast majority is imported. United States somewhat asked earlier. When do you think the price issue the price result of everything that's going on, how long is that gonna take to hit the industry?
Paul De Kock: Well, we and market participants have already increased prices to compensate for these tariffs. And as the tariffs change, the industry will highly likely push those through with more price increase.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The announcements are just going out on a pricing with different pieces. And the implementation will go through. We think you're gonna see it, you know, as we go through the second quarter. We're gonna see more and more of it getting into the marketplace.
Keith Hughes: Is there enough inventory out there to kinda carry through the second quarter before the impact or are we going to see it before then?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It depends on each. Us in us, he said it was probably gonna be somewhere in the third quarter before we flow through the inventory.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Wojs from Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Tim Wojs: Hey, everybody. Good morning. Maybe just to kinda hop on Keith's question. Just is there a way that you could kinda give us some color on just what those competitive price increases are in terms of percentages or dollars? And kinda what you're thinking various, you know, kinda import competitors are gonna have to raise prices? I mean, is there a way that you can just kind of frame how much imports might have to go up in terms of price relative to domestically manufactured product?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's really too early to tell. They're just getting out there. The announced increases of some of them are somewhere around 8% at the moment, but that's only for a portion of it. We'll have to see how they average out and what they're gonna end up with at the end. It's just the first announcements are just rough directions of where it's going, then they get to the individual product prices don't come out until later.
Tim Wojs: Okay. And would you raise price by less and focus on volume? I mean, is there would there be a real opportunity for you to pick up placements and pick up share? Especially retail?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're really gonna have to see how the announcements come out, when they are, what the amount are, and, again, we also have to make sure that whatever's gonna happen with inflation in the US also, so we're gonna take all those into account. And it'll solidify probably over the next thirty, forty-five days.
James Brunk: You know, Tim, the good news is, you know, we really focus back on the fact that our domestic capacity as Jeff had previously said. And if you think about, you know, our capacity in the US on, you know, from ceramic tile, carpet, laminate, sheet vinyl, LVT, and quartz countertop. It really puts us in an advantaged situation as these tariffs increase.
Tim Wojs: Okay. And then just thinking about productivity, I mean, it seems like just given the general pressure on price kind of ex tariffs that if you continue to see sluggish demand, I mean, we're going to a point where pricing keeps going down maybe, and you have to kinda do bigger chunkier productivity, you know, kind of improvements again. I mean, is there something, you know, three to six months from now where, you know, the volume environment still isn't improved and there's another kind of reassessment of, you know, the footprint? Or have you taken as many actions as you can in this environment and everything else is gonna be kinda smaller?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, listen. Start out with, I'm not sure. You know, this our category of flooring when the interest rates started falling in '22, the industry's been going down since then. I'm not so sure how much there is left to go down. As you go through. As if on the other side with our own stuff, we're continuing to take costs out. We have to the balance of a hundred million, 70 million. We're looking at additional productivity actions. Can take. And if we can find more, we're gonna take them.
James Brunk: Yeah. And that 70 million is just on the restructuring savings, so we still have ongoing initiatives just kind of on day to day looking at each of the facilities.
Tim Wojs: Okay. Appreciate the color, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Baumgarten from Zelman. Please go ahead with your question.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey. Good morning, guys. Just on the positive price mix in Flooring North America and Global Ceramic, sounds like it was mix driven. You give us some color on how pricing behaved? Was it down or maybe closer to flattish?
Paul De Kock: No. We did take some selective price increases in some of our more premium ceramic products. We also took price increases in our laminate flooring business because of higher input costs. And so we are continuing to look very strategically where we can take price to compensate some of the inflation that is in the market right now. So we're continuously working on it on all categories.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay. Got it. Thanks. And then just on the cost side, just with oil prices down, I think that's historically the benefit from cost perspective in areas like Flooring North America. Do you expect that to flow through at some point later in the year as well? I know you mentioned nat gas costs in 4Q being a positive. But maybe as it relates to oil, and the timing there.
James Brunk: Well, as we said, you know, we have seen natural gas prices come down, which we believe we should get some benefit later in the year from our energy costs. In terms of raw materials, we really haven't seen a whole lot at this point. But you're right. If, you know, any petrochemicals stayed down longer, that would help us. But, again, it would have to flow through inventory, so it'd be more of a second half later in the year benefit.
Adam Baumgarten: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Biros from Thompson Research Group. Please go ahead with your question.
Brian Biros: Hey. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Can you expand on the earlier question about balancing your market share versus price and margin? And I get between the two options, are you more inclined to take share or protect margins and keep your current market share?
Paul De Kock: Look, we're always trying to take market share in the markets. We never lead with price to take market share, but we focus on our past portfolio of differentiated products and phenomenal innovations that we have. So we focus on that. And we focus on our service capabilities, we focus on our quality capabilities. In the market and we never really use price to drive market share, and we will continue to do that.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Also, given where the markets are, the prices are pretty compressed everywhere in almost all the markets because everybody has excess capacity. The costs are the same whether you run it or you don't in many cases. So that one of the reasons our margins are as low as they are is we're three years into this downturn in volume. At some point, it's gotta turn up, and when it does, it's gonna go back to the historical trends, and we're gonna have multiple years of historically high growth rate each year.
Brian Biros: Got it. And secondly, can you talk about, I guess, your inventory levels and, I guess, really the level in the channel? Is there any work down that needs to be done there? You kinda talked about some advanced imports on your part. We'd heard there was some maybe prebuy activity in the retail channel in advance of the price increases as well. So just wondering kinda how that all fits now with the weaker market to sell into. And how that might flow back through the supply chain. Thank you.
James Brunk: Well, I'll start with our inventory and, you know, it did increase to about $80 million. And as I previously said, it's primarily due to the increase in imported goods ahead of the new tariffs. And given the possibility of tariffs increasing further, you know, we'll expect to kinda hold that at this level for really, for the time being.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We haven't seen a significant change we can identify with the customers given that we haven't announced price increases we haven't seen a large increase in the downstream volumes from us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Rehaut: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I just wanted to get a little more granularity on, you know, in Flooring North America where you've, you know, put across some incremental pricing. What type of impact, you know, from a percent revenue basis should we be thinking about for 2Q and 3Q? As it currently stands with what you've announced so far?
James Brunk: Yeah. Michael, at this point, as Paul said, it's really been more on a select basis to offset some short-term increases in raw material. I would expect as we go through the year, as Jeff indicated, with the demand being constrained that you'll continue to see pressure on pricing, which is why it's so good to see that we're getting benefit from mix both on our premium products and with the strength of the commercial channel.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. I guess just secondly, on the roughly $500 million of imports that you expect the $50 million tariff hit. Just circling back to that, if you can break down it would be appreciated which countries those come from, you know, either order of magnitude or rough breakdown of, you know, the top two, three, four countries, you know, that you're getting that $500 million from, that would be very helpful. Thanks.
Paul De Kock: Yes. So the $500 million or the tariff imports, of course, as Jeff said, we have barely any exposure to China, which is obviously a good thing. And then besides that, a big component of that $500 million is LVT. And a large component of that comes out of Vietnam. And then we have also other countries we source from, India, we have countries we source from, like Korea. That would be the main ones. And then I can also remind you that Mexico or the products we make in Mexico are non-tariff at this moment. And so these are not part of this $500 million. But we have tariffs all over the place from countertops coming in from different countries and other product categories as well. Ceramic, we're buying from different ones to supplement our total portfolio.
Operator: Next question comes from Stephen Kim from Evercore. Please go ahead with your question.
Stephen Kim: Yeah. Thanks very much, guys. Kind of two issues kinda working in opposite directions. One, on the one hand, you obviously have less tariff exposure than probably a lot of your competitors. And on the other side, you also have been leaning into the premium kind of product selection, particularly in North America. But I believe most of those products are imported, and so maybe a little more exposed to the tariff. So let me start with that part first. So on the higher-end products in Flooring North America and ceramic, how much is it is imported? Would you say the majority of it is imported? And is it your view that the tariffs and the necessary pricing to cover the tariffs would crimp demand there? Or is it your view that that customer is pretty immune, and so you're just gonna continue to target the higher-end consumer there. You continue to lean into it and just figure you'll just drive pricing to cover that. And that really will not suffer from a demand perspective due to price.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There's two parts to the question. One part is that over the last few years, we have increased the capabilities of our US manufacturing and we have continued to push up the value proposition of the US manufacturer. On the other hand, a super high premium all comes out of Italy, and we're buying it from our own facilities, and it's gonna keep coming over. And there is no alternatives for it, so either the consumer's gonna pay more for it or they'll move to some lower value option.
Stephen Kim: My understanding, though, I think you showed us the Karastan black, and I think there was also the Karastan LVT product. And those are are those imported products?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Some are. Some aren't. Some of the high-end wool products we import from our own facilities in Australia. Other cases, we import some from India. And in other cases, part of the collection is manufactured here. So all of the above.
Paul De Kock: So okay. Gotcha. It's you can't really say that all the premium is imported and the mid is made in America. I mean, we are very focused on getting the right products with the right price from the right plant within Mohawk or from the right supplier. And so we're optimizing the full product line.
Stephen Kim: Okay. Yeah. That makes sense. Okay. Then second question relates to sort of the opportunistic pricing opportunity, I guess, that maybe some others have touched on. So you talked about the fact that you have FIFO accounting and that, therefore, it's going take a certain amount of time. I think you said late 3Q before the impacts, you know, flow through. From any potential tariffs. And yet, your competitors are not all on FIFO, obviously, and so they're putting through pricing. Seems probably a little bit earlier than you might need. Is it reasonable to think, therefore, that you might actually see price cost be a near-term positive perhaps, you know, in late 2Q, 3Q into 3Q. And then, you know, you would have the offset to that, you know, on the back end, maybe sometime in the future when pricing decelerates. But in the near term, you would actually potentially see a price cost benefit. Is that a reasonable possibility?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Anything's possible. What happens is that not enough information in the market where the prices are gonna go, how they're gonna get implemented, and the structures of them. And we're waiting to adjust to the market circumstances.
James Brunk: Yeah. The price increases that have been announced are very, very specific at this point. So we'll have to see how it evolves. But as I said earlier, you we still have the higher cost material and energy that, you know, was purchased at the end of the year that will flow through. So that has nothing to do with the tariffs. And the general demand outside of tariffs is still very, very competitive.
Stephen Kim: Okay. Well, we can hope, though, anyway. Yes. Alright. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Trevor Allinson from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Trevor Allinson: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. First one, I just want to follow-up on some of the energy commentary with nat gas prices coming down here. Can you quantify what you expect the energy cost headwind to be that's assumed in your 2Q guide? And then you're talking about some benefits of lower nat gas by the fourth quarter. Are you talking about just less inflation from nat gas in the fourth quarter? Or are you actually expecting nat gas to turn into a tailwind on a year-over-year by the fourth quarter?
James Brunk: When I look at, you know, the input cost in total, in the first quarter was, you know, just over $40 million as I previously noted. I would expect that to be slightly higher in the second quarter. And, again, that's driven by all three, you know, main categories of raw materials, wages and benefits, and energy. So all three of those. So I would expect the impact of inflation from a year-over-year perspective that was considered in our guidance to be higher in Q2 versus Q1. Then the second part of your question, again, it really depends on, you know, the stability of that natural gas prices. You know, it could just be, you know, sequentially, it could be better as we get into the fourth quarter. But from a year-over-year standpoint, it really depends on where that price lands over the next, really, the next quarter.
Trevor Allinson: Okay. Gotcha. Makes sense. And a question on Europe and perhaps maybe the knock-on effects of the US tariffs on China. If US competitors who are currently importing LVT from China specifically, if they begin sourcing from other countries, do you see a risk of Chinese LVT finding its way into the European market and perhaps weighing on pricing in Europe? Thanks.
Paul De Kock: Europe is already importing vast amounts of China-produced LVT at this moment. And so the market is saturated with the product. And the demand of the market is satisfied. So we don't really expect any additional cost or price pressure in the European markets given all the changes. We do expect the China supply chain to move to other countries for the US, of course.
Trevor Allinson: Okay. Thanks for that, Paul, and thanks for all the color. Good luck moving forward.
Paul De Kock: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Ng from Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Phil Ng: Hey, guys. Curious to get your thoughts on intra-quarter trends in 1Q and how April's kinda progressed. By geography. Certainly, North America is particularly hard hit with consumer confidence coming down. With tariffs and whatnot, but curious to get your thoughts on just broadly worldwide, how you're seeing trends kinda progress into quarter and into April.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen. We're anticipating continued slow conditions. It doesn't matter what country you're in. We're seeing lower consumer confidence and business investments being pushed out. Again, home sales and remodeling have been in a downturn across the entire world. And what we don't know is the outside the US, we've seen interest rates start falling mainly in Europe and that could help demand. But up to this moment, we haven't seen it yet. The tariff impact is still evolving around the world and with the countries that we're in that are shipping products here, it's too early to tell how it's gonna affect those economies. As we go through, we do expect inflation to keep being a problem. And we're thinking it's gonna be mitigated through our strategic pricing, product cost containment, and product mix as we go into the second quarter.
Phil Ng: Jeff, I'm trying to gauge just, like, April. I mean, certainly, March and February softened, but did April get worse, or it's kinda stabilized? I'm just trying to get a gauge from that standpoint.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think it followed the same trends that we've been at so far.
Phil Ng: Okay. So some level of stability. And then, for Jim, a lot of moving pieces. The FIFO piece gives you some line of sight on raws. But based on what you know today, would you expect raws to kinda in terms of year-over-year inflation peaking in February, or that that could actually get materially worse in the back half? And certainly from a price cost standpoint, you know, a lot of moving pieces on pricing. How do you see that equation kinda evolving from a price cost standpoint as well? Is February kinda your biggest pinch point quarter or or or it actually get worse in that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: First, you have we have to see if the lower oil prices follow through with changing the commodity prices that are related to it. To remind you, we have outside of the plastic pieces, we have large businesses in ceramic that had limited use of it. Wood products that aren't impacted by it. So at this point, there's a possibility to come down or there's a possibility that the supply chain, given the low margins that are at, we're not sure what's gonna happen.
Phil Ng: Okay. Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laura Champine from Loop Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Laura Champine: Thanks for taking my question. I'm wondering if there's a material amount of product that you're going to resource into your US facilities? And if so, what the short-term cost might be of moving that production and what the longer-term sort of capacity utilization benefits might be?
Paul De Kock: I'm assuming you asked that question on LVT.
Laura Champine: Yes.
Paul De Kock: We have ceramic, I guess, it's a good question for ceramic too because I know you make some in Mexico that you import here. I'm not sure what the plan is there.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The Mexican stuff doesn't have any tariffs because of the USMCA, so there's no changes in it. So given the impact of the tariffs, we got we're, obviously, going to balance our internal resources with our external supply. Not all products can be made in our factories. Not all products can be sourced. So we have some limitations there. But as we move forward, we're going to continue to maximize capacity utilization of our internal factories and we have a little bit of capacity at this moment across the two categories we just discussed. And we will also continue to import from the appropriate locations, minimizing our cost and minimizing our import duties.
Laura Champine: Got it. And then a quick follow-up on your comments on Chinese production impacting the European business. I'm aware that you're already there, but couldn't an influx impact your pricing there? And are you already accounting for that in your plans for this year?
Paul De Kock: We don't know exactly what's gonna happen with the Chinese producers. We know the prices are already low in the European market. And I'm not sure there's a lot lower to get. So we'll have to see.
Laura Champine: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Dahl from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Mike Dahl: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I want to circle back on channel inventories. I know you mentioned, Jeff, you hadn't necessarily seen a meaningful difference in customer activity, but one of the large foreign retailers last night seemed to suggest that they had done a material amount of prebuy, specifically with some Chinese product, and our sense has been home centers have done some. So do you just not have the level of intelligence in the market to get granular into your customers and see those inventory positions, or are you just seeing something different there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I thought I answered a different question. The question was, have they increased the inventories of my products in their stores? I assume everybody in the industry is doing what we're doing and on imported products expecting high tariffs that everybody raise the inventories.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Got it. Thanks. Maybe misinterpreted your answer then. Appreciate the clarification. Second comment or question like, Jim, in response to Rafe's question about earnings, you suggested still the potential for earnings to be up year on year. You know, here's what I'm wondering. Seasonally speaking, your 3Q is usually flat to down versus 2Q and 4Q is almost always down a decent amount. Seasonally. And so, you know, with demand weak, and you know, the incremental pressures that could come in the second half, it would take an atypically seasonally strong second half to get anywhere close to flat to up for the full year even ex ERP. So you know, I'm just trying to understand that bridge. It seems like the base case should be that there's gonna be some continued year on year pressure.
James Brunk: Well, first of all, everything is excluding the impact of what has happened in Flooring North America with the system conversion. So you set that, you know, $30 million impact aside. You know, as we go through, you know, the balance of the year, one, you know, one difference is the benefit of the restructuring savings that we have, you know, flowing through still in Q3, Q4 as Jeff said, we have about $70 million that we should see for the balance of the year. We have additional productivity initiatives as well that will help in Q3 and Q4. And then if we do get some of that tailwind on energy, that would also help that situation as well. The other point, and that's why I gave the range in my prepared remarks, you know, interest costs with the strength of the balance sheet is certainly a help this year. You know, it's down year over year just in the quarter. It was down nicely for the period. Almost $9 million. So that's gonna help us as we go through the balance of the year. And then the last point is on the FX side, we are obviously exposed to the euro. It's our largest currency outside of the US. And with the weakening dollar, you've seen the euro certainly increase. And from a translation standpoint, that also helps. So, you know, a combination of productivity, the strengthening mix that we've talked about, and then if we see some of those tailwinds on raw materials or energy as we get to the back half of the year, it is still possible. Now obviously, we do need assistance from, as I've said, some stabilization from the macro economy to make really that happen.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Got it. Thanks for those pieces. Appreciate it.
James Brunk: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll be concluding today's question and answer session. I'd now like to turn the floor back over to Jeff Lorberbaum for any closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Our local manufacturing should be a greater competitive advantage. We're gonna continue to flexibly manage the environment as it changes. The postponed housing remodeling that's been pushed out over the last few years will return to historical levels. And we'll see a rebound from it when it occurs. We appreciate your interest in Mohawk. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call and presentation. We do thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries 4th Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen only mode. Should you need assistance, signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to James Brunk, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
James Brunk: Thank you, Wyatt. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Joining me on the call are Jeff Lauerbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chris Welborn, our Vice Chairman. Today, we'll update you on the company's 4th quarter and full year performance, and provide guidance for the 1st quarter of 2025. Like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non GAAP to GAAP numbers, please refer to our Form 8-Ks and press release the Investors section of our website. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff for his opening remarks.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Jim. Our fourth quarter results exceeded our expectations as sales actions, restructuring initiatives, and productivity improvements benefited our performance. Additionally, the sales impact from US hurricanes was limited to approximately $10 million. Net sales for the quarter were approximately $2.6 billion, consistent with the prior year, with two additional shipping days partially offset by the strengthening U.S. Dollar. While residential demand remains soft in our markets, our product introductions last year and our marketing initiatives contributed to our sales performance around the globe. Our adjusted EPS for the quarter was $1.95, in line with the prior year from productivity, additional shipping days, lower interest expense, offset by unfavorable pricing, product mix, and inflation. For the full year, our net sales were approximately $10.8 billion, down approximately 3% as reported and on a constant basis.
James Brunk: With an adjusted EPS of $9.70, as we progress through the year, the industry deteriorated from higher interest rates, lower housing turnover, and reduced remodeling. In response to these conditions, we took additional actions to optimize sales and launch initiatives to reduce overhead, enhance productivity, and restructure operations to maximize our performance. Last year, 55% of our sales were in the US, and 45% were in other geographies with leading flooring positions on four continents. The fourth quarter environment was an extension of the conditions our industry faced throughout last year. Consumers continue to limit large discretionary purchases, and consumer confidence remained constrained by cumulative inflation, economic uncertainty, and geopolitical tensions. During 2024, home sales across the world stayed suppressed while US homeowners remained locked in place with low mortgages, and existing US home sales fell to a 30-year low. Central banks in the U.S., Europe, and other regions lowered interest rates during the latter part of last year, though the impact on housing turnover was negligible in most regions.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Consumers who did initiate remodeling were more affluent or completing essential projects. New home construction was also constrained around the world, with higher home costs and interest rates impacting starts. Many U.S. builders increased sales by buying down mortgage rates to make monthly payments more affordable. Throughout the year, investments in the commercial sector slowed, though they remained stronger than residential remodeling. These factors reduced market demand and created heightened industry competition for volume. This also resulted in greater unabsorbed overhead and shutdown costs as we managed production and inventory. Given these conditions, we focused on stimulating sales with innovative new products, marketing actions, and promotional programs. Our product launches delivered style and performance at affordable prices, as well as unique premium products to incentivize remodeling.
James Brunk: Last year, we initiated significant restructuring actions and operational improvements that are lowering our costs and will benefit our longer-term results. During 2024, we focused capital expenditures on projects driving sales, reducing costs, and maintaining our assets. Through these actions, we delivered a full-year increase of approximately 6% in adjusted earnings per share in a soft market. For the year, we generated free cash flow of $680 million and repurchased 1.3 million shares of stock for $161 million. We ended the year with available liquidity of $1.6 billion and debt leverage of 1.1 times. We are well-positioned to manage this market cycle, pursue opportunities for long-term profitable growth, and emerge stronger when the housing markets improve. We are taking actions in areas we control to optimize our current performance and improve sales and profits when volumes rebound. Now, Jim will review our financial details.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. Sales for the quarter were just over $2.6 billion. That's a 1% increase as reported and a 1% decrease on a constant basis. Gross margin as reported was 23.6%, SG&A as a percentage of sales was 18.6%, giving us an operating income margin on a reported basis of 4.6%. With nonrecurring charges of $38 million during the quarter, primarily related to previously announced restructuring actions across all three segments, which when completed, will yield a cost savings of approximately $285 million. Operating income on an adjusted basis is $160 million or 6.1%, a decline of 60 basis points versus the prior year due to unfavorable price mix of $51 million, higher input costs of $20 million, partially offset by stronger productivity of $37 million and increased volume of $22 million, mainly due to the additional shipping days. Interest expense was $10 million for the quarter, a decrease versus the prior year, due to stronger free cash flow and lower overall debt levels. Non-GAAP tax rate was 17.8% versus 21.3% in the prior year. Looking forward, we expect Q1 and the full year 2025's tax rate to be between 20% and 22%. That gave us an earnings per share on a reported basis of $1.48 and an adjusted basis of $1.95, in line with the prior year in a very difficult environment. Turning to the segments, Global Ceramic had sales of just over $1 billion. That was a 1.5% increase as reported and 1.2% on a constant basis, as the benefit of favorable mix and the additional shipping days only partially offset by pressures on pricing and FX headwinds. Operating income on an adjusted basis was 5.3%. That's a 50 basis point increase over the prior year, with productivity gains of $17 million and increased volume of $8 million, only partially offset by unfavorable price mix of $12 million and increased shutdown costs. In Flooring North America, sales were just over $930 million. That's a 2.8% increase as reported and declined 0.5% on a constant basis, as positive volume gains in our laminate, residential soft, and LVT businesses were offset by continued pressure on price and mix. Operating income on an adjusted basis was 5.7%. That's a decline of 120 basis points versus the prior year, as the impact of that price and mix pressure of $25 million and higher input costs of $11 million were only partially offset by improved volume of $15 million and strengthening productivity of $11 million. Finally, in Flooring Rest of the World, sales were just shy of $700 million. That's a 2.1% decrease as reported and declined 4.8% on a constant basis and continued price pressure across the segment. Operating margin on an adjusted basis was 10%, declining 60 basis points versus the prior year, primarily due to the impact of unfavorable price and mix of $14 million and slightly higher input costs, only partially offset by improved productivity of $9 million. Corporate eliminations were $16 million for the quarter, as our corporate expenses were in line with our full-year expectations of approximately $50 million. Looking at the balance sheet, cash and cash equivalents were $667 million, with free cash flow of over $230 million in the quarter and $680 million for the full year. In addition, in the quarter, we repurchased approximately $74 million of shares in the period. Inventories were just over $2.5 billion and decreased approximately $40 million, primarily due to FX as days increased to 134 days versus 130 in the prior year, primarily due to increases in sourced products with the potential of port strikes and tariffs. Property, plant, and equipment were just over $4.5 billion, with CapEx of $161 million in the quarter, and the company plans to invest approximately $520 million in 2025, primarily focused on product innovation and cost reduction projects. The balance sheet overall remains very strong, with strong free cash flow, net debt of $1.6 billion, and leverage of 1.1 times. Now Chris will review our Q4 operational performance.
Christopher Wellborn: Thank you, Jim. For the quarter, our Global Ceramic segment delivered solid results despite slow demand and industry competition impacting pricing across our regions. The segment's operating income benefited from improved productivity, partially offset by pricing and shutdowns. We implemented many cost containment initiatives, which included reengineering products, improving processes, and rationalizing higher-cost operations. In a softer market, we increased distribution by expanding our customer base across sales panels, including residential builders, specifiers, and specialty retailers. In the quarter, we improved our mix with products launched in 2024, higher commercial sales, and expansion of premium collections. We are elevating our product offerings through more advanced printing, polishing, and rectifying technologies that create industry-leading visuals. In the US, we are leveraging our ceramic service centers to grow contractor sales and increasing our position with kitchen and bath dealers nationwide. We are introducing new high-end quartz countertop collections in advance of our new US production line opening later this year. In Europe, our specifier team showrooms for the A&D community, and premium products are driving commercial sales growth, and we are increasing export sales outside the region. In both Mexico and Brazil, the integration of our acquisitions has improved our product offering, sales organizations, and market strategies, and our Brazilian exports are strengthening as the currency weakened. Our Flooring Rest of World segment saw improved sales of laminate, LVT, and panels versus the prior year, though insulation faced additional headwinds. Our margins were compressed due to competitive industry pricing and rising material and labor costs that were partially offset by productivity gains and lower energy expenses. Our restructuring initiatives in this segment are progressing and improving our cost position and productivity as we rationalize less efficient assets, streamline our product portfolio, and reduce administrative overhead. We also contained costs in the quarter by enhancing manufacturing and logistics efficiencies and continuing to manage inventory levels. In December, the European Union introduced tariffs of more than 40% on Chinese wood flooring, which should benefit our sales of laminate, LVT, and wood. We grew the sales and mix of our premium laminate and LVT collections through increased advertising that attracted consumers to our retailers. In addition, we increased product placement with our customers in Central Europe that will improve our LVT sales. In our panels business, volumes held up as we took more aggressive promotional actions, and our more differentiated decorative panels performed better given stronger nonresidential projects. Our insulation business experienced weak demand and margin pressure from increased competition. In line with the market, we have announced price increases in insulation to partially offset rising material costs. In our panels and insulation businesses, we are investing to expand our geographic footprint and are developing new products to satisfy those markets.
James Brunk: In our Flooring North America segment, we maintained sales in a declining market with benefits from our successful 2024 product launches and our fashion categories. Year over year, our margins were reduced by lower pricing and product mix, and higher inflation, partially offset by higher volumes, stronger productivity, and cost reduction actions. During the quarter, we completed our LVT restructuring initiatives, which will enhance operations and provide significant savings. We focused on increasing volume across sales channels, optimizing our SG&A spend, and expanding both the home center and residential construction channels. In the quarter, our hard surface sales grew in all channels as a result of increased distribution of our 2024 product introduction. Sales of our recycled PVC-free resilient flooring expanded as a high-performance LVT alternative. Our residential carpet collections gained market share, with the sales of our PET, PREMIER, polyester collections, and fashion categories leading our performance. In the commercial channel, our carpet tile products led our sales with their appealing designs and sustainable properties. Hospitality sales remained strong as new construction and renovation projects were completed. With that, I'll return the call to Jeff for his closing remarks.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Chris. As a reminder, we announced Chris would be retiring from his position in February and has agreed to ensure a smooth transition in a consulting role. We appreciate Chris' many contributions to Mohawk's success over the past two decades. Under his leadership, Mohawk's ceramic business became the largest in the world with leading positions on three continents. We're pleased Chris will remain on our Board of Directors and will continue to benefit from his expertise. With Chris' retirement, Paul DeCock is taking over the role of Chief Operating Officer after serving as President of our Flooring North America segment for the past six years. Paul will focus on enhancing our sales and operating plans across the enterprise. Paul is presently in Europe working with our Flooring Rest of World team, and he will deliver the operational reports next quarter. Now returning to the outlook, our industry has been in a cyclical downturn for multiple years. We're confident that our markets will return to historical levels, though the inflection point remains unpredictable. We expect ongoing softness in our markets during the first quarter due to elevated interest rates and weakness in housing. Intense competition for volume will continue to pressure our pricing, though our mix should benefit from differentiated products launched last year. Increased material and labor costs will reduce our margins in the quarter as we can only partially pass through the higher costs to the market. Our businesses are finding additional ways to reduce expenses and improve processes, which will help to reduce the impact of inflation. We are restructuring our Mexican ceramic business to improve our operational performance, which will save approximately $20 million a year. Our cumulative restructuring actions will generate annualized savings of approximately $285 million when complete in 2026. Our capital expenditures this year are focused on maximizing sales, improving product mix, and reducing costs. As we indicated in our January 24th 8-K filing, the Flooring North America segment implemented a new order management system, which had more issues than anticipated. Conversion did not impact our manufacturing or financial system. The majority of the system processes have been corrected, and our shipments are currently aligned with our order rates. Our invoicing was delayed, and we're addressing shipping and invoicing errors with customers that mainly occurred in the beginning of the implementation. At this point, we estimate the impact on the first quarter operating income from missed sales will be between $25 million and $30 million. We are working closely with our customers to remediate any issues or concerns. We believe the impact of extraordinary costs will be limited to the first quarter. It is difficult to estimate the sales impact on future periods, though we do not anticipate it will have a meaningful long-term impact on our customer relationships.
James Brunk: The U.S. Dollar has strengthened significantly and will negatively impact our translated results this year. As a reminder, our first quarter is seasonally the lowest during the year, and it will have two fewer days compared to last year. Given these factors, we expect our first quarter adjusted EPS will be between $1.34 and $1.44, excluding any restructuring or other one-time charges. This includes an estimated EPS impact of $0.35 per share due to the Flooring North America system issues. Historically, cyclical downturns in our industry are followed by strong rebounds as flooring demand returns to historical levels. All of our regions need increased home construction to address growing household formations, and aging homes will require significant updating after several years of postponed home remodeling. As the economy strengthens, business investment will increase in the commercial channel. As the world's largest flooring manufacturer, we are uniquely positioned with our geographic scope, leading innovation, and comprehensive portfolio. When the industry recovers, higher volumes will leverage our manufacturing and overhead costs to enhance our results. Additionally, our product mix will improve, pricing will strengthen, and margins will expand. We are well-prepared to manage through the short term and maximize our results as the category recovers. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: We'll now begin the question and answer session. To ask a question, you may press star then one on your touch-tone phone. If you're using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys. At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster. And in consideration of other participants, we ask that you please limit your queries to one question and one follow-up. Our first question comes from Trevor Allinson with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Trevor Allinson: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions and congratulations to Chris on the retirement. It appears Q1 earnings guidance looks like it's roughly in line with normal seasonal trends that you guys saw prior to the pandemic between Q4 and Q1. You're excluding the impact of the order management system. As we think about the moving parts of this year moving forward, should we think that Q1 to Q2 then also exhibits normal seasonality moving forward? Again, excluding any of the impacts from the order management system.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The second quarter, we don't anticipate any changes in the present market conditions, and we do expect normal seasonal improvements. We'll continue to seek volume to maximize the utilization of our cost structures. We will benefit from the cost reductions, restructuring, and lower shutdowns, though pressures from pricing, mix, and higher costs will continue in the second quarter. We're investing in new products and sales activities to improve both the mix and distribution. Don't forget the dollar has strengthened, and it's also going to lower our translated foreign results. And as we said, we don't expect any additional costs from the Flooring North America system. So it's difficult to estimate if any sales impact on the future periods at this point.
Trevor Allinson: Okay. Makes sense, and that's helpful color. And then second, on natural gas prices, they've come up pretty rapidly here in recent weeks. Can you talk about what you're expecting from a price-cost standpoint in global ceramics specifically moving forward? And are you expecting to have to push enough pricing to offset those potential inflationary headwinds moving forward?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, US gas prices have increased with higher cost impact in Q1. In Europe, natural gas costs have increased, though it's still dramatically lower than the peak. We've hedged a portion of it in Europe to limit our cost volatility. We're trying to recover some of the cost of it through cost takeouts and improved mix. We think it's going to be difficult to get it all back in passing prices through in this environment.
James Brunk: And just remember, as natural gas or energy or material costs change, it takes about a quarter to kind of flow through to the P&L based on our inventory turns.
Trevor Allinson: Okay. Makes sense. Appreciate all the color. Good luck moving forward.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will come from Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mike Dahl: Morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just sticking with the Flooring North America issue, maybe it would help us if you could break out, to the extent you can, like, if you call it a $25 to $30 million hit on operating income between the extraordinary cost and the sales impact. How much of that $25 to $30 million is kind of this one-time cost versus the sales and sales leverage impact?
James Brunk: Yes, Mike. So if you look, we said about $25 to $30 million. Look at the extraordinary cost involved with correcting the system, additional man-hours to address issues, manual processes, and such. We believe that's about $15 to $20 million of the impact, and we anticipate a sales impact of about $25 million to $50 million in the quarter.
Mike Dahl: Got it. Okay. That is helpful, Jim. And then I appreciate the context and qualitative pieces around thinking beyond Q1. I think it would probably be really helpful if there's any way, like, there's always a lot of these moving pieces. When you add all this together, do you think you will be in a position to grow earnings on a year-on-year basis in Q2?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, yeah, as we look to the whole year, we start out with the industry's really been in the down cycle longer than most in history. These downturns are typically followed by strong rebounds in flooring, as demand returns and postponed projects are initiated. Just like you, we're unable to predict the inflection point. We're confident over time that we will return to the historical level. At this point, we haven't seen any signs in our markets that the rebound is starting or improving at this point. And we're taking a cautious approach about when the recovery will occur. At this point, given that this year, we're expecting mix improvements, significant productivity initiatives, and specific pricing actions where we can get them, should offset the negative pressures of rising costs and headwinds from the stronger dollar. And then absent the Flooring North America change, we should see a slight improvement in overall earnings given those assumptions.
James Brunk: Yeah. And adjusting for the impact of the system conversion, if you look Q1 to Q2, I would look more at historical growth on sales and on margins. So very, very typical from normal seasonality.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will come from Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Eric Bosshard: Good morning. Thank you. You talked a bit about competition as a limiting factor, competition in US tile as a limiting factor. And I know there's always competition in these markets, but I'm just curious, is there anything different from a competitive dynamic that is limiting either pricing or share, and then also add into this any influence of tariffs in consideration of that in the same vein?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, first, in terms of pressure, the underutilization in the category puts pressure on pricing. But if you look at our business, we benefited from strong operational performance and the restructuring actions that we've taken. Our commercial business is holding up with continued strength in our builder channel. We've leveraged our ceramic service centers to grow contractor sales and increase our position with kitchen and bath dealers. And our domestically produced quartz countertops are outperforming other work surfaces. Just to remind you, the ceramic industry, a large part of the US, comes from around the world. These excess capacities from around the world are ending up in this market too.
Eric Bosshard: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will come from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Susan Maklari: Taking a longer-term type of view, you've talked in the past about getting the business to a 10% margin and then even moving higher from there. As you just think about all the cost actions and the things that you are driving in the business from both a product and a margin perspective, do you still think that you are on track to get to that? And can you get there even if things do remain a bit more challenged just given what's going on in the business fundamentally?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: At the moment, the industry is at very difficult conditions given we're at the cyclical bottom of the cycle. Here in the U.S., the housing sales are at the lowest point since 1995, which is creating the pressure on everything. We expect that a recovery will take multiple years to get back to the historical trend lines. And that the postponed remodeling, higher home sales, improved business investment over time will significantly improve the utilization of our assets. It'll increase the average mix of what we're doing. And then to remind you again, flooring in general has a much higher correlation to home turnovers. Because when people remodel right before they sell the home, they tend to remodel. Or right after they move in, they tend to remodel. So our category is more impacted by that. On the other hand, when we come out of it, it's going to help us much more. At the same time, when a consumer purchases the product, they purchase higher quality products in the retail remodeling part of the business, which is the most impacted by the categories at the moment. Just to state the obvious, all of our regions are really experiencing the same substantial declines in volume and margin compression. I assume they're going to come out slightly different as we go forward. But we're expecting them to help us get leverage on the restructuring, which is going to be about $285 million when it's all complete. The leverage goes up, our manufacturing cost should drop, and we should get leverage on our SG&A, which will help us get back to the higher margins that we want to be at.
Susan Maklari: That's helpful. And then turning to the cash flows and the balance sheet, it was nice to see you buying back stock again this quarter. Now the business has been generating approximately $700 million of free cash in the last two years, even with all the pressure that you've been on. Can you talk a bit about how you're thinking about the uses of cash going forward? How buybacks could fit into that and how you're thinking about M&A as well perhaps?
James Brunk: Yes, Susan. As we look at the generation of free cash flow, we would expect to increase our investments in the business as the market improves. So take advantage and grow both from a product innovation, which kind of sets us apart in the marketplace, and also cost reductions. We should see more opportunities, as you just said, to acquire more businesses as the environment strengthens. Right now, the M&A activity in our sector, at least, is very quiet, as you would expect. And we'll continue to buy shares as we have in the past as part of our cash usage and our strategy as we move forward.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Yeah. If you think about just one other point, since 2020, we have purchased about 14% of our outstanding shares at a total cost above $1.6 billion. So we will continue to utilize that as part of our strategy.
Susan Maklari: That's helpful. Thank you. Good luck with everything.
Operator: Next question will come from Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Stephen Kim: Yeah. Thanks very much, guys. Appreciate all the color so far, and best of luck, Chris, with everything. I guess my first question relates to the outage you experienced before in North America. I understood what you said about your impacts in Q1. What I thought was a little interesting was that I might have expected that some of the missed sales in Q1 would actually lead to a sort of a better-than-normal trend opportunity in Q2 or maybe Q2, Q3, something like that. But it sounds like you're sort of leaving the door open for perhaps a little bit of continued sales impact. Just wanted to see if we could explore that a little bit. Why is it that you wouldn't get actually a rebound and better-than-normal sales cadence on the other side of it?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let's see. A lot of the business is for immediate jobs. And the question is, did you miss the immediate jobs that are there, or is it going to be postponed? The customers who carry significant inventories, the amount of time that we were behind was very limited. So we're back to normal. We are able to ship them whatever they want today. So the real question is, now, did we lose any relationships that are there? We think that long term we haven't. But it's only been a limited period of time to evaluate what's going to happen, so we'll know better over the next couple of months.
Stephen Kim: Alright. That's fine. And then a broader question. I know that we're all waiting for the turn in R&R, and we've talked about in the past how that typically goes hand in hand with better mix because people tend to buy higher quality products. But in the US, there's sort of an odd situation where you're seeing a lot of relatively greater strength in the move-up price points right now. I'm talking for houses. And the entry level of the market is obviously very locked up because of the mortgage rates. And at the lower price points, the homeowners literally can't move up because they just can't afford that jump in mortgage rate. So I think the lock-in effect is probably more prevalent at the lower price point. And so what I guess I'm saying is that if we were to see an improvement in existing home sales, might it be that you see more of an improvement with consumers who actually are not going to be paying up as much for products, and therefore, you might actually not see the typical product mix, the positive product mix that you would normally expect to see when a cycle recovers. I'm just curious if you've considered that, if that's something you think is a valid thing. And then lastly, is this dynamic just simply a US phenomenon? Where you have sort of this much greater relative weakness at the entry level rather than the move-up.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let's see. To take the question, we are seeing more strength at the top, which goes along with what you're saying as we see it. Also, the large home construction companies are trying to keep the prices of homes down. So that part of the market is using very low-quality products to get by with as limited spending as they can. We think that the consumer who owns the house has been postponing remodeling of it. And usually, they don't go to the lower price point that you use in either some of the new construction or some of the multifamily things that have been doing well. So when they come in, we think that it's going to come into the middle part of the market, and some of the middle will trade up more than they're doing now since they're concerned about the future. The people with money always have money. But the bottom end of that market, they tend to trade down too when they get concerned or postpone. So we believe that you are still going to see an improvement in the mix as we come out of this.
Stephen Kim: Okay. Great. That's helpful. Great. Thanks very much, guys.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Sam Reid with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sam Reid: Awesome. Thanks so much. So I wanted to talk about Flooring North American margins here a little bit. It sounds like volumes were getting positive in the segment, if I heard you guys correctly, but we did see a year-over-year margin pullback. I realize there's some input cost pressures that muddy the water here. But could you give us a sense as to where some of those incremental volumes that you're getting are coming from? It sounds like it's a function of lower margin channels or end markets, perhaps home builders and home centers. I want to understand what those dynamics actually look like and why incremental volumes aren't necessarily driving an improvement in Flooring North America margins.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Volumes have gone up, but we've been more aggressive in the marketplace with pricing. We've been able to improve the mix somewhat, but the pricing and mix are more than offsetting the volume that's hanging in where it is. In general, as yet. Also, remember that there were extra days in the period that you have to take to get it on an equalized basis.
James Brunk: The other side, Sam, to consider too is you are seeing cost increase as well, which is, you know, we have strong productivity in the segment, but that's being really used or countered by increasing costs that we've and material start to flow through the P&L. So that's also playing pressure on those incremental margins that you're speaking of.
Sam Reid: No. That helps. And maybe just switching gears, you know, talk a little bit about capacity utilization at a high level on the call already. But maybe just to put a finer point on that, could you unpack where those utilization rates are today? Especially for some of these really important categories like US carpet and US ceramics. And then kind of the knock-on question there would be, where would we need to see capacity utilization go before the category would be in a position to take price? Thanks.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: In general, the capacity utilizations tend to be ranging from 70% to 80% at this point. If you go to historically when the markets are operating like they have been recoveries, we're operating in 90% or more, so you get a lot of leverage out of the cost when that happens.
James Brunk: And you get less pressure on pricing as utilization goes up because that means you have strengthening demand. The competitors and we are taking lower margins trying to operate and reduce the unabsorbed overhead costs. So that's compressing the margins. Then you have the other part, which is lower mix. Which the categories that are doing better are under more pressure.
Sam Reid: No. That helps. Thanks so much, guys. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Okay. Cheers. The next question will come from Keith Hughes with Truist. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Just wanted to ask about the $185 million of restructuring saves. How much of that was realized in 2024? Do you have a view of how much would be saved in 2025?
James Brunk: So in terms of the restructuring plans across the business, in 2024, we realized about $80 million from a year-over-year perspective, and in 2025, our expectation is to see that grow to about $100 million from a year-over-year perspective. And just to remind you that segments, you know, we're exiting the combination of unprofitable products, closing plants, taking out inefficient assets along with streamlining our distribution and warehouses, lowering administrative costs, and reducing product complexity, which is key to helping grow that productivity.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Just to make sure, the $100 million in 2025 is incremental, so it'd be $180 million over the two years. Is that what you're saying?
James Brunk: That's what I'm saying. Yes. And then, as we said, the projects will finish up by the end of or during 2026.
Keith Hughes: Okay. And one question for you, Jeff. You'd mentioned in 2025 it was something about you thought you might have some more positive mix. I just want to make sure I heard that right. Where do you think you would see that?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The positive mix is coming from the new introductions that we're putting out, and they have higher average selling prices and margin than the old ones. So the churning of the product line helps the mix.
Keith Hughes: Yeah. Understand. Thank you very much.
Operator: And the next question will come from Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Rehaut: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I just wanted to clarify an earlier comment I think Jim, that you made about 2Q seeing normal seasonality off of the first quarter. On both sales and margins. I assume does that kind of when you talk about normal seasonality sequentially, is that off of the adjusted numbers if you were to add back that $0.35 and the various impacts of that, just trying to understand the baseline there.
James Brunk: Absolutely, Mike. The baseline is absent any impact of the Flooring North America system issue. I'm just doing an apples-to-apples. So if you set that aside and you look at the move from Q1 to Q2, what I'm saying is that I would expect that it would be in line with historical growth both on sales and from an EBIT margin perspective.
Michael Rehaut: Great. And then, you know, I also thought it'd be pretty helpful if you could break out if possible, what the impact on, you know, from currency and the natural gas costs that have kind of risen, if there's any way to kind of quantify or roughly quantify what those impacts are expected to be on the first quarter and how those might persist over the next quarter or two.
James Brunk: Yeah. So as I said before, you'll see some lag of that higher cost flowing through the P&L. So I would expect I would see a ramp-up of the cost impact in quarters two and three right now would be our projection. Inflation would be a headwind, also material cost as well. From a currency standpoint, it continues to evolve as you well know. With the strengthening dollar, but I would expect that to continue to be a drag on operating income. It could be in the mid-single digits from our total earnings that we get outside of the US.
Michael Rehaut: So just to make sure I'm understanding, you're saying I apologize, you said a mid-single digits, is that in the millions of dollars or is that an EPS number? And then also in terms of the natural gas, you said that it would be likely higher in 2Q and 3Q. Again, just trying to get any type of quantification off of that and what might it be both of these issues again, impacting earnings in the first quarter guide?
James Brunk: Yes. On the first quarter, it's difficult to absolutely quantify. Our assumption is that we'll have limited impact in the first quarter on energy. It'll be more in the second quarter as it flows through the P&L. And on the impact of FX, as I said, that would be at an operating income level. So you could be in the high single digits of operating income. So, you know, somewhere around $7 million and $10 million of an impact in the first quarter.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question will come from Tim Wojs with Baird. Please go ahead.
Tim Wojs: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for the details. I guess there's a lot of moving pieces, you know, kind of in the market and kind of underlying. But as you look at the three segments as you report it, is there a way to kind of talk about what you think those markets grew on an underlying basis in 2024 relative to what you've reported from a growth perspective?
James Brunk: Looking at each of it is difficult because you've got the influence of both the US market and outside of the US. You know, we normally look at the US that flooring grows, you know, kind of close to GDP, but it's been so under pressure with demand. What we've seen is our hard surface business, so laminate and LVT have grown at a much faster pace than soft surfaces. Ceramic, as Jeff indicated earlier, is very impacted by the imports in the US. You know, but we continue to maintain a very high level of share in the US. Outside the US and Europe, the ceramic business continues to improve from a mix perspective even though pricing and demand are very much under pressure. So our porcelain slab business is doing well and helping that mix. But the demand and pricing are certainly under pressure. And then as you go kind of south, Latin America is seeing that same price and mix pressure, you know, with their interest rates. Brazil actually increased their interest rates in the midst of this. So demand levels are very much constrained in those regions as well.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The high interest rates around the world trying to reduce inflation impacted all the markets the same. The volumes all decreased. The pressure on the utilization of all the factories decreased. The pressure on pricing was very similar from one market to the next. And to improve our position, it's mostly focused on driving either increasing the distribution on one hand or improving the mix to try to get the average price up given that it's very difficult to get pricing in all the markets. So there's not a lot of difference in them.
Tim Wojs: Okay. I mean, I guess my question was more around, like, do you feel like you're gaining share in the majority of your markets, or do you feel like you're growing more in line with the markets? And it's different by market.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think in most markets, we're either flat or gaining a little.
Tim Wojs: Okay. Good. And then just a quick one. Just in Flooring North America, just high level, could you just give us a sense for how big hard surface versus soft surface is right now?
James Brunk: Don't have those numbers in front of me. Yeah. As we just said, hard surface is still running below soft surfaces. Residential soft and commercial soft still are larger, but laminate and LVT combined are certainly catching up.
Tim Wojs: Okay. Great. Sounds good. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And the next question will come from John Lovallo with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Lovallo: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my questions as well here. Maybe just from a high level, you know, obviously, existing home turnover has been a headwind. One of the things that's been interesting is that rates have been high, but the prime rate has come in a bit. There's been a little bit more talk about potentially folks kind of leaning into home equity a little bit more than they have in the recent past. I mean, given the high ticket nature of flooring, I mean, how are you thinking about that dynamic as playing out as we move through 2025?
James Brunk: Well, you know, looking at interest rates, central banks have coverage, so we're really not seeing housing turnover improve that much. In the US, also seeing mortgage rate spreads increase, which helped which is really outstanding in some of the short-term declines. The recovery really, as Jeff has indicated, will be different by region. We're taking, obviously, many actions to improve our results, whether that be in sales or cost, but certainly as the industry recovers, we're going to see an increase in our utilization and the ability to expand our margins. At this point, with our plans, we don't have a significant recovery showing up, but we're hoping it does.
John Lovallo: Gotcha. I mean, I guess I was wondering just about the ability for folks to extract equity from their homes and use that as a catalyst for R&R, if you had any thoughts around that.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: When their confidence raises, they have significant money available to them given the price of houses, and so it should help the recovery when it occurs.
John Lovallo: Okay. Fair enough. And then maybe a second question is, the flooring industry, as you've mentioned, has been in a tough spot here for a few years. Your balance sheet is in really good shape. I mean, it seems like it could create an opportunity for you guys to take advantage of the situation. I mean, how are you thinking about the ability to be a little bit more acquisitive in 2025?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: At this point, given the compression of the earnings, most people that are doing okay are not aggressively looking to sell. So usually, as you start coming out of these downturns and the margins start going up, more opportunities show up, and we agree that we're well-positioned to take advantage of them.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Next question comes from Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Hey, guys. Jim, appreciate the color that the nat gas impact will be more impactful from a P&L standpoint in Q2 and Q3, but any way to size that up in terms of gas input or just broader inflation in general? And certainly the million-dollar question is around pricing. It's a tough environment, but you're seeing costs go higher. Have you or your competitors taken pricing in any of your markets, and from a mixed comment, you talked about new products, but should we think of mix holistically up overall? Any color would be helpful.
James Brunk: Well, in terms of the gas impact, I'll just reiterate that in the US, we've seen the higher cost, and we'll see some limited impact. Certainly, as we get into the first quarter, in Europe, the gas cost has increased, but still dramatically below the peak. We have, as we've said in the past, we do some prebuying in Europe to try to help limit the volatility of those increases. Pricing, you're right, is very difficult, and we're doing it in very strategic areas, maybe more on the higher-end products. But again, there's a lot of competition for volume because of where demand is at this point.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: As we've said, we think that the mix improvements, productivity initiatives, and specific pricing actions are going to basically help cover the rising costs and the headwinds from the stronger dollar. And we think we're going to have to have some pricing to help us get the margins back where we want. The question is, will the market allow it or not this year? We're assuming it's going to be difficult to pass through most of it.
James Brunk: Yeah, remember what Jeff said earlier on the call is that, you know, absent the impact of the system issue, we should see a slight improvement in overall earnings. And the only way we get there is the balance between productivity offsetting inflation and then some favorability on the mix side.
Phil Ng: Okay. Great. That's helpful color. And in terms of tariffs, appreciating it's a very fluid situation. I guess how do you see that impacting your business? Right? And when you look at your peers, competing with largely players ex-carpet importing product in. Is that going to be a good guy from a pricing standpoint? You know? And remind us how you're set up from a Mexico exposure. You got an LVT facility, ceramic as well. So holistically, tariffs that are proposed, is this a good guy from a price margin standpoint, and then anything that we need to be mindful of from an operation and supply chain standpoint as well.
James Brunk: Well, let's start out that we have no idea what they're going to be and how they're going to be executed. What's going to happen. Other than that, we have a clear view. Presently, so breaking it down, we import products from Mexico where we make ceramic and LVT. Both of those were reviewing alternatives to move to other factories that we own, and we're also looking at potentially outsourcing them as well as what you would be able to do with pricing if there were significant changes in it. In China, we have very limited. We buy out of China, and what we do, we're actually moving large pieces of it already to other places. And so, you know, those are the big pieces. We think that when it occurs, if it occurs like it is, when it occurred with China a few years ago, you had also a change in the exchange rates. So it's possible that part of it will be offset by exchange rates going on. And then depending upon what it is, we'll just have to react to it as it occurs, but it's impossible to know what to do at this moment.
Phil Ng: Jeff, you think it's a net positive or neutral or a modest headwind for you guys? Because your competitive landscape is largely important.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think the imports we're doing from Mexico, it'll be negative too. On the other hand, it may give us some positives in many US should help some of those and how it balances out as anybody's guess what's going to happen. Since we don't even know what it is.
Phil Ng: Okay. Appreciate the color, guys. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Laura Champine with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Laura Champine: Thanks for taking my question. It's actually a follow-up on potential tariffs on North America. What percentage of your overall sales are imported from Mexico, and then a little more far-fetched, but totally possible. I know that you export product from the US to Canada. What percentage of your sales is in that bucket?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So we import somewhere around $300 million from Mexico, and we export approximately $200 million to Canada.
Laura Champine: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jeff Lorberbaum for any closing remarks.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We appreciate everyone joining us. The recovery is going to come, and it will significantly improve our results as the market rebounds back to where it was historically. Thanks for joining us again, and have a good day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to hand the call to James Brunk. Please go ahead.
James Brunk: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning. Welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Joining me on today's call are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we'll update you on the company's third quarter performance and provide guidance for the fourth quarter of 2024. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. We delivered a solid third quarter performance and soft market conditions with earnings per share of $2.90, an increase of approximately 7%, which reflects the positive impact of our sales initiatives, productivity and restructuring actions and lower input costs, partially offset by pricing and mix pressure. Our net sales for the quarter were $2.7 billion, down approximately 2% compared to last year. Due to our increased earnings and management of working capital, we generated free cash flow of approximately $204 million in the quarter for a total of approximately $443 million year-to-date. This year, we're investing approximately $450 million in capital projects that are focused on growth, reducing cost and asset maintenance. In all of our regions, market conditions were slower than anticipated given high interest rates, lingering inflation and lower consumer confidence. Pricing remained under pressure as industry demand in the third quarter continued to decline due to slowing in both residential and commercial activity. Our sales initiatives delivered volume gains in many product categories, offset by pricing pressures and negative mix. Though the commercial channel has lost some momentum as the year progressed, it continue to outperform residential. Our markets -- in our markets, central banks are shifting from a restrictive policy to a more balanced approach to stimulate their economy, which should benefit our industry as consumer and business spending expands. We expect the recent interest rate cuts in U.S., Europe and Latin America will strengthen housing markets and increased flooring sales as we progress through next year. In the U.S., the Fed decreased rates by 0.5% in September and appears committed to further rate cuts to reduce restrictions on the economy. In all our markets, residential construction has failed to keep pace with household formations and immigration and additional units must be built to satisfy growing needs. In the U.S., higher home values have significantly increased equity in homes, which should support increased remodeling projects that were postponed over the past few years. In Europe, some governments have introduced programs to provide financial support for home remodeling to enhance the aging housing stock. All of this will support improvement next year in existing home sales remodeling and new construction. We remain focused on managing controllable aspects of our business to enhance our results. With gross margins under pressure from weaker industry demand, all of our businesses are implementing strategies to maximize volume and plant utilization. To increase sales, we're implementing new product launches, marketing initiatives and promotional activities. We are enhancing productivity and exercising disciplined cost management in all aspects of the business. Our teams are executing the $100 million of restructuring initiatives that we announced last quarter including idling capacity, rationalizing assets, streamlining distribution and reducing administrative costs. Our businesses are making additional cost reductions in SG&A, operations and logistics. These actions will continue throughout next year to achieve our planned savings. Now Jim will review our third quarter results.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. Sales for the quarter were just over $2.7 billion. It's a 1.7% decrease as reported and 2.1% on an adjusted basis as continued unfavorable price and mix offset the volume growth in a number of our product categories across the company, especially seen in our Flooring North American segment. Gross margin for the quarter was 25.5% as reported or 26.2% on an adjusted basis versus 26.6% in the prior year as the impact of the unfavorable price and mix, pressured by the underutilization of assets in our industry, offset the accretion of our productivity actions and lower input costs. SG&A as a percentage of sales was 17.7% as reported or 17.3% on an adjusted basis, versus 18% in the prior year, with benefits from our year-over-year restructuring and cost containment actions. That gives us an operating income as reported of $212 million or 7.8%. Non-recurring charges for the quarter were $28 million, primarily due to our previously disclosed restructuring actions, which on a cumulative basis should generate cost reductions of over $250 million when completed. That gives us an operating income on an adjusted basis of $240 million or 8.8%, that's a 40 basis points improvement versus the 8.4% in the prior year. As the benefit of our productivity initiatives of $44 million, lower input costs of $15 million and the combined benefit of increased unit volume and lower shutdown costs of approximately $18 million, offset the continued weakness in price and mix, which was $70 million in the quarter. Interest expense for the quarter was $11 million, a decrease over last year due to in part to the strong cash flow and resulting lower debt level. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 19.8% versus 20.7% in the prior year. We expect the Q4 rate to be between 17% and 18%, giving us a full year rate of approximately 20%. It gave us an earnings per share as reported of $2.55 or an adjusted basis of $2.90, an increase of approximately 7% -- turning to the segments. Global Ceramic had sales of just under $1.1 billion. That's a 3.1% decrease as reported and 2.2% on an adjusted basis. Market conditions in our industry remain difficult with consumer confidence under pressure and the deferral of larger remodeling projects. To strengthen our sales, we are leveraging our industry-leading design and finishing technology to create differentiated collections. Operating income on an adjusted basis was $91 million or 8.6%, that's a 60 basis point increase versus last year as our productivity actions of $22 million offset the unfavorable price/mix of $15 million and lower year-over-year net sales volume. In addition, our total year-over-year input costs were basically flat with increases in wages and benefits offsetting the deflation in material and energy. In Flooring North America, we had sales of just over $970 million. That's a 1.2% increase as reported. Due to a combination of our product innovation and sales initiatives, we saw growth in both our residential and commercial soft surface and hard surface collections, led by our resilient and laminate product offerings. We are seeing strength in both our premium and value-oriented products, even though repair and remodeling continues to lag new construction and commercial activity. Our operating income on an adjusted basis was $89 million or 9.1%. That's a 100 basis point improvement versus the prior year. The margin expansion was due to productivity gains of $14 million, deflation of $12 million and increased sales volume of $11 million, offsetting the unfavorable price/mix of $28 million as pressure in our product category continues. And finally, Flooring Rest of the World had sales of just over $680 million. That's a 3.5% decrease as reported and 6.3% on an adjusted basis. With weak consumer sentiment and remodeling projects trailing prior year, we did not experience a normal bounce post the summer holiday period in Europe. We continue to execute promotional activities and advertising actions to boost traffic in the retail channel. But year-over-year, we did see weakening volume in our flooring and insulation product categories in the period. Operating income on an adjusted basis in Flooring Rest of the World was $72 million or 10.5%. That's a 40 basis point decrease versus the prior year as the resulting price and mix weakening approximately $28 million offset the combined gains we experienced in increased productivity, lower shutdown and net input cost deflation of approximately $19 million. Corporate and eliminations was $11 million in the quarter, in line with the prior year, and the full year 2024 is expected to be approximately $48 million. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents were just over $420 million with free cash flow for the quarter over $200 million, bringing us to a year-to-date of $440 million. Inventory was just over $2.6 billion with inventory days at 131. On a year-over-year basis, inventory increased approximately $90 million due to a combination of higher production volume and impact of FX, partially offset by net lower input costs. Property, plant and equipment was just over $4.7 billion, with CapEx at $115 million and D&A at $156 million. The company plans to invest approximately $450 million in 2024 with D&A for the full year of just over $600 million. Given the current conditions, we have again tightened our annual CapEx for the balance of the year, limiting our spending to higher return projects along with required maintenance. Overall, the balance sheet again remains in a strong position with net debt of $1.8 billion and leverage at 1.2 times. And with that, I will turn it over to Chris to review our Q3 operational performance.
Christopher Wellborn: Thank you, Jim. In Global Ceramic, competition in our markets remains intense as decreased industry utilization continues to impact pricing. During the quarter, the segment's margins expanded due to increased productivity by lower material and energy costs offset labor and freight inflation. In addition to our restructuring projects, we are executing many cost containment initiatives across the segment, including product reformulations, process enhancements and improved administrative efficiencies. To grow sales and enhance our mix, we are leveraging industry-leading printing, polishing and rectifying technology to deliver floor and wall tile collections with differentiated visuals. The U.S. Department of Commerce expects the preliminary antidumping decision relative to ceramic tile from India to be rendered in November '24, with tariffs potentially retroactive to August '24. Other ceramic markets are at various stages of pursuing similar antidumping actions against Indian manufacturers. In the U.S., we increased our partnership with builders by providing a complete product offering with superior service. As the commercial sector has begun to slow, we are focusing on the education, health care and hospitality channels, which were expected to be more active in 2025. Our domestically produced quartz countertops are outperforming other work services, and we will start up our new production line next year as the market strengthens. In Europe, our volumes exceeded the prior year even as market demand remains soft. Pricing pressures remained a headwind, partially offset by product mix from Advanced Technologies and expanded participation in the commercial channel. In Latin America, the Mexican Central Bank lowered rates in September and is expected to make further cuts this year. In Brazil, the Central Bank has cut rates multiple times and is monitoring inflation determine its next steps. We have announced targeted price increases in Mexico and volume in Brazil has begun to strengthen. In both markets, we are implementing sales and operational improvements introducing updated collections and expanding our distribution to improve our results. This year, our Flooring Rest of World segment did not see its usual sales improvement in Europe after the summer holidays due to continued weakness in the economy. After six quarters of declines, European building permits have recently increased and the job market remained strong with record employment levels. Last month, the European Central Bank reduced its key interest rate by an additional 25 basis points to 3.25% as inflation further slowed. In response to current conditions, we are reducing operational and administrative costs, simplifying SKU complexity and enhancing logistics operations. To optimize volumes, we executed promotional activities, which pressured both our pricing and mix, partially offset by lower input costs. We are increasing consumer advertising for our premium laminate products to boost traffic for our retail customers. In slowing markets, our insulation and panels business faced increased competition as new industry capacity came online, impacting pricing. In Australia and New Zealand, we improved pricing and mix in our carpet collections, though volumes remain under pressure. Our operations delivered productivity gains with improved efficiencies across the business. The New Zealand Central Bank recently cut rates 50 basis points to stimulate their economy. In our Flooring North America segment, we believe we're outperforming the overall market in a difficult environment with sales and margins improving over the prior year and increased volume partially offset by lower pricing and mix. Our margins benefited from lower raw material costs, restructuring projects and productivity gains in our manufacturing, administrative and sales operations. With existing home sales at multi-decade lows, residential remodeling remains under significant pressure. We are retiring high-cost equipment and exiting underperforming product categories while investing in capital projects that have short paybacks. We continue to improve our participation in the homebuilder channel with our comprehensive product offering. We are supporting our residential product launches with marketing initiatives to connect consumers with our retail partners. While overall U.S. home sales are down, higher-income consumers are purchasing our premium products. Sales of our value-oriented carpet collections are also improving, building on the success of our leading polyester offering. Our LVT and laminate collections delivered sales growth as consumers embraced our new introductions with enhanced performance features. We continue to deliver product innovation with a new resilient plank flooring technology that is environmentally friendly and provides greater stability and performance. Our commercial sales were led by our carpet tile collections that offer industry-leading sustainability and award-winning designs inspired by nature. Our results also benefited from increased sales of flooring accessories that coordinate with our hard surface products. We continue to pursue additional opportunities in the hospitality channel, which has shown more resilience in the current environment. Now I'll return the call to Jeff for closing remarks. Now I'll return the call to Jeff for closing remarks.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Global conflicts, political uncertainty and inflation are weighing on consumer confidence and discretionary spending around the world. Short-term macroeconomic conditions remain unpredictable, and we don't anticipate an industry improvement this year. The demand trends remain weak in each of our product categories and markets face unique economic situations. Our mix is impacted by consumers trading down and by new construction outpacing the higher-value remodeling channels. We are responding with sales and restructuring actions, operational improvements and cost containment initiatives to strengthen our results. We continue to pursue volume through innovative introductions, marketing programs and promotional activity to leverage our fixed cost structure, In some products, we're seeing inflation on materials that will increase our costs in the period. As we end the year, we expect to reduce our manufacturing levels to manage our inventory, increasing our unabsorbed overhead. In the period, we anticipate the recent U.S. hurricanes will negatively impact our sales by $25 million to $40 million with offsetting benefit from rebuilding next year. Given these factors and the effect of seasonality, we anticipate our fourth quarter adjusted EPS to be between $1.77 and $1.87, excluding any restructuring or onetime charges. We remain confident in the fundamentals of our business and our strategy to improve our results. In 2025, we anticipate demand in all our markets improving as interest rates decline and consumer spending in the category accelerates across the world. Elevated home equity values will provide property owners the resources to renovate their residents. All of our regions require significant new home construction, and we have grown our participation in the channel. Commercial construction and remodeling should also expand as financing becomes more affordable and investment returns increase. As our markets recover, we will leverage the extensive improvements that we've implemented to maximize our sales and margins. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Tim Wojs of Baird. Please go ahead.
Timothy Wojs: Hey, everybody. Good morning. Maybe just first question, Jeff. I mean, I know the dynamics kind of going into the fourth quarter with shutdowns and things are still broadly weak. But you have kind of talked about 2025 recovering. And I guess just as you think about next year, do you need lower rates and kind of a normalization and housing turnover to see that recovery? Or do you think there's enough just pent-up demand and kind of home value equity that can kind of get us back to a growth situation.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think it's going to take a combination of both. We think the interest rates across the world are going to decline and they should improve the demand in our markets. The consumers need to be more positive about the future. And if they are, they can start doing remodeling immediately. So the interest rates are really more to change the confidence level of both businesses and individuals to make it. On the other hand, we expect lower interest rates to come and make housing more affordable in all our markets across the world, and we're anticipating to see that as we start through next year sometime.
Timothy Wojs: Okay. And I guess if that doesn't happen, do you feel like you just keep slugging it out as things kind of bottom? Is that kind of the other side?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I really can't see a scenario where we stay where we are. I mean, the interest rates everywhere coming down, all the banks are continuing to the central banks are saying they're going to continue lowering them. They're still in restrictive territory based on historical levels that you think about. So we'll have to see how it goes.
Timothy Wojs: Okay. And then just my second question. Do you have any figures or numbers just around how much LVT capacity is based in North America, both your own and just the overall industry?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I don't have it now.
James Brunk: Basically, Tim, what the latest data showed that LVT as a market is over 30% of the U.S. market. But there is still limited manufacturing capacity in the U.S. Most of it is certainly  its still an import story.
Timothy Wojs: Okay. Sounds good. Thank you, guys. Good luck on rest of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from John Lovallo of UBS. Please go ahead.
John Lovallo: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions, as well. Jim, I think the prior expectation from a revenue standpoint in the fourth quarter was for global ceramic and Flooring Rest of World to be up sort of low single digits year-over-year. And I think flooring North America to be sort of flattish. Curious if those have changed. It seems like there might be a little bit of downside to that. So any thoughts on that would be helpful.
James Brunk: Yeah. Certainly, as you know, John, we gave guidance from an EPS perspective. So obviously, that was an assumption people were making. As you look at Q4, as Jeff talked about, we anticipate limited industry improvement and the demand does remain weak. The events, the terrible events that happen with the back-to-back hurricanes certainly have impacted the Southeast and it hurts the U.S. ceramic business and our Flooring North America business. So that weighs into our outlook for the fourth quarter. Seasonally, of course, the volume declined in Q4, and we do have significant shutdowns as well. So at this point, those factors weigh into the sales and our guidance for the fourth quarter.
John Lovallo: Understood. And then maybe taking it one step further to the margins. I mean it appears that the lapping of the lower material and energy costs are going to turn price/mix, productivity negative here. I mean, how should we sort of think about the cadence of margins by segment as we move into the fourth quarter?
James Brunk: Well, what I would say is first on the inflation, deflation story of this year, unlike the first three quarters where we did enjoy through the P&L, the benefits of lower material and energy costs, which offset the increased wages and benefits. We now have lapped that period of time. So in the fourth quarter, we do have inflation, which basically is driven by wages and benefits. And price/mix, although it has stepped down from Q2 of  from Q2s level to Q3, it still remains as a headwind with the underutilization in the industry. Certainly, the positive news is the strength of the productivity that weve had. As I just reported, it was over $44 million in the quarter, and I would expect to see a similar, if not greater productivity in the fourth quarter. So all the businesses are taking the necessary actions in the quarter.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thank you guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Susan Maklari of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
James Brunk: Good morning, Susan.
Susan Maklari: My first question is talking a little bit more about those company-specific efforts that you did see come through in the third quarter. You mentioned productivity and the cost savings. Can you talk a bit more about how those did come together and help to offset some of the broader demand weakness? And how do you build upon those as you look to 2025 and maybe even further out from there?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, in the third quarter, we benefited from all our initiatives in sales, productivity, cost containment as well as the restructuring actions we took. Demand in the third quarter started out stronger. And as we went through the period, it slowed in most channels and geographies. We still had commercial outperforming residential. Pricing continued to remain under pressure given the slow markets and low utilization that we saw through. As we look towards '25, we think, as we discussed a minute ago, that interest rates around the world will continue to decline. We believe that demand in all our markets will increase. It's impossible to predict the exact inflection point given all the variables that make up in the different markets that we're in. We think the changes in interest rates will have a positive impact on the confidence of both consumers and businesses, and that will increase our volume and help our mix, which will end up improving our sales and margins. Next year, we also believe we'll have an improved mix, both the channel mix as well as product mix. We see volume increasing at some point, and we see the asset utilization increasing. At the same time, we're anticipating limited inflation given the environment we're in. All the activities that we've been talking about will benefit from our restructuring, we'll have lower costs, and we expect to have higher productivity. And then we continue to introduce new innovative products, which we think will help us pull through. And just to remind everybody, historically, as we exit a downturn, given the compression that the industry goes through, you have several years of above-industry average growth as these postponed projects are initiated and they all leverage all our fixed costs. And with that, we anticipate our results improving as we go through '25.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's very helpful color. And then maybe digging in a little bit more to that product mix. It sounds like you are getting some momentum as you're building into some of these faster-growing categories, exiting some of the underperforming areas and gaining share in there. Can you talk about how that is coming through and the progress and how you're thinking about that over the next several years?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We continue to invest in areas that we think we're going to have the most increase in sales. We have invested in our ceramic business in certain categories where the ceramic slabs, which are a growing category. We're investing in countertop ports, which we're going to increase further and other areas that we have limitations on as we go through it over the next -- and we expect the price and mix to turn on us because the retail consumer who buys their own products tries to buy the best thing they can afford. And so with the existing home sales down across the world, that consumer isn't spending money like they have in postponing it with inflation. So we believe we're going to have a natural increase in margins and mix as we go through. What else can I tell you?
Susan Maklari: I dont know. That was good color, Jeff. Thank you. Thats helpful. Good luck with everything.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Bouley of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Matthew Bouley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the questions. I just wanted to ask on the hurricane impact, the $25 million to $40 million. Historically or typically, what do you usually see with that kind of rebuild in the year after? Kind of can you recoup all of it? And typically, what would be the kind of timing of recouping some of that? Thank you.
James Brunk: Thank you, Matt. In terms of the impacted areas, certainly, it's going to take a while for our customers and the locations that were closed after the storms to reopen and for consumers to initiate new projects or ramp up from this current situation. The damaged properties obviously have to be repaired. And remember, flooring is the last product to really be installed. So the timing of really the rebuild from our perspective would be pushed through 2025. It really depends on the pace of the recovery.
Matthew Bouley: Okay. Thank for that, Jim. And then secondly, the plant shutdown that you're guiding to in Q4. Is this kind of just a Q4 thing given the sort of state of demand here and maybe channel inventories, or is the expectation from what you could tell today that you may still be looking to reduce inventories in early 2025 as well? Thank you.
James Brunk: Well, as we said in my prepared remarks, inventory was slightly up in the quarter. We do expect to decrease the inventory with shutdowns in Q4. Our goal right now is that total inventory should end the year relatively from a dollar basis, relatively flat from previous year-end. Now if you look at that, industry certainly is slower than expected. We've talked about the seasonality of Q4 as well. The impact of the hurricanes only reduce that further in terms of demand in the quarter. So reducing the inventory is a prudent thing to do at this point, and it's best for the business to do it during that holiday shutdown time.
Matthew Bouley: All right. Thanks, Jim. Thanks, everyone. Good luck.
James Brunk: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Phil Ng of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Philip Ng: Hey, guys. Ocean freight prices have started to move higher. You called out inflation. That said, price mix is obviously still a challenging weighing on your margins in the fourth quarter. Are you seeing any ability to kind of raise price as we look out to 2025? And have you seen price increases from some of your competitors that import goods? Separately, I think one of your larger competitors in carpet announced some capacity closure on the feedstock side and I think another player announced some today on nylon polymer. So kind of help us think through, is this a needle mover in terms of capacity tightening up in North America? And then your ability broadly to get price to offset a more inflationary environment.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: There has been some capacity taken out of the industry. There is still -- the industry is still at a huge deficit to where we were running before. So we still have excess capacity. The ocean freight is increasing the cost of landing imported products and those imported products will have to go up to pay for the increased ocean freight at some point. Our ability to raise prices is limited given everybody is trying to keep their assets running. On the other hand, if you have significant inflation, everyone has to push it through.
Philip Ng: Okay. And then Jeff, you expressed confidence that demand will be up across the board in all your segments. Timing this is not easy. But I guess my question is, when do you kind of expect -- how do you kind of expect the year to shape up first half, back half? And then some of the fourth quarter headwinds, whether it's curtailment, the hurricane, hopefully, that gets fleshed out. Do you have enough levers to kind of grow EBITDA and EPS? Because you were growing EBITDA, EPS the first three quarters of this year. So I just want to get a level set of the shape of the year for 2025 and then your ability to drive earnings EBITDA higher next year?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The drivers that we have are to reduce our cost structure, which we announced the other restructuring not long ago, it will take us through most of next year to get it. Jim, I believe earlier gave the dollar amount he expected to flow through in the period. The predicting of the inflection point, given all the moving parts in any single economy and around the world is impossible to anticipate. All the different markets are projected to have significant growth in housing and remodeling across the world in all the different markets as the capacity gets utilized, we get leverage from the fixed costs that come up we get leverage out of the mix change as higher-quality products work, and we expect to have higher margins with that now. The moment in time it occurs is anybodys guess.
Philip Ng: Okay. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Laura Shaman of Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Laura Champine: Hi, guys. Its Laura Champine. Question -- a follow-up question on hurricane. I really appreciate the quantification of disruption, like $25 million to $40 million, I think you called out. When we think about your ability to assist folks in repairing, should we be thinking about a benefit through next year of multiples of that? Or can you help us frame up based on prior storms of this size, kind of how much of a revenue lift we should get next year?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We don't have a good way of estimating it. What happens first is it depends on the damage to the house. So as you know the building, Typically, it takes a significant amount of time just to get the insurance companies to agree what to do. Then what happens is where you have limited damage of a few broken windows in the water, you can replace it as you go through. And then if you have major damage, you have to rebuild the house, dry out everything, and it could take nine to 12 months or more. And then if it's depending upon how much there is in the geography, there's not enough labor to do it. So it could drag out over a couple of years depending upon how much there is and how broad it is. The impact in hours, it's just going to get distributed over the quarters, and it's going to be hard to see in any given moment.
Laura Champine: Got it. On the European business, which seems to be kind of taking another leg down in terms of demand. Should we expect that to recover on a lagging basis relative to your other geographies? Or would that be reading too much into this Q4 softness?
James Brunk: Well, you really started with just kind of looking at conditions outside the U.S. When you look at higher interest rates that have really similarly impacted our category. We expect differences in the recovery, the pace of the recovery and the timing, but it's hard to predict with any precision at this point. In addition, you have the political uncertainties in Europe that may impact the timing of the recovery. Now the good news is that the central banks in Europe at least are on their third interest rate cut and lowering those rates is an effort to hopefully stimulate more activity, which would benefit our category as well.
Laura Champine: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Hughes of Truist. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. And the way you talk about the $100 million cost reduction plan has been around a while. It looks like you might be talking a little bit more than that. So I guess my question is, what kind of magnitude are we looking at? And how much have you already realized through the third quarter?
James Brunk: So in the plan that we announced in the second quarter, we originally announced it was about $100 million savings. As each of the segments have firmed up those plans, we should get a little bit more than that. Again, we'll see about $20 million to $25 million this year with the majority, probably two-thirds of it in $25 million a little bit on the longer projects will carry over into '26. But so far, the projects are being initiated by each of the segments, and we're on schedule.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Rehaut of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrew Azzi: Hi, everyone. This is Andrew Azzi on for Mike. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask maybe in Flooring Rest of World given some of those reduction of cost and simplifying SKU, how large of a net impact are you expecting there or is it relatively small?
Christopher Wellborn: Well, in Flooring Rest of World, our sales volumes didn't pick up as we expected after the holidays. The market conditions remain challenging, and we executed additional promotional activities. Pricing and mix headwinds continue, given the weak demand, but declining inflation led to ECB to lower interest rates with additional cuts are expected.
Andrew Azzi: Got it. Thanks. And maybe in LVT and laminate it seems things are going well. If I want to see if you could expand on kind of the growth you expect to see next year and how that is going to play out going forward? Thanks.
Christopher Wellborn: Well, I can address LVT. Our sales are under pressure and pricing has declined, but we believe we outperformed the market. Our margins have benefited from productivity and lower material costs. We're launching a new wood plank with recycled content and better performance. Our West Coast operation is increasing production, and our Georgia restructuring is being executed to further improve results. And in Europe, we've changed our residential LVT from flexible to rigid. We're expanding our volumes, which will leverage our fixed cost and we're executing productivity and restructuring initiatives to improve the results.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: On the laminate side in the U.S., our volume increased over last year. It's been more accepted by the different channels, including the new construction home business, which didn't use it in the past. We're taking share as the waterproof alternative with superior performance to LVT. In the period, we had some cost benefit that were offset by price and mix, and we continue to start up new production to satisfy increasing demand.
Andrew Azzi: Got it. Appreciate that color. Thank you, gentlemen. Good luck.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Baumgarten of Zelman. Please go ahead.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey, good morning, guys. Just curious if you saw any benefit to shipments in September for maybe some customer inventory stocking ahead of the port strike, which obviously in hindsight, was resolved. But in September, did you see any bump in shipments?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It's hard to measure what's going where. We believe that customers took in some more in anticipation of potential problems at the strike, but it's hard to quantify anything.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay. Got it. And then just on commercial, you talked about demand slowing. Any specific verticals you'd call out as being weaker than they had been maybe earlier in the year?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, from a channel perspective, as we said on the flip side, hospitality, government and education are actually the ones outperforming and it's where we're really focusing our attention on. The good news on commercial as well is that its pricing is more resilient given the more differentiation, which helps from a margin perspective. But commercial does take longer to respond to economic changes. So it has a longer tail as you go down. And then the flip side, as you recover, it normally takes longer to start back up.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay. Thanks. Best of luck.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Bosshard of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Eric Bosshard: Thanks. A follow-up and then a question, if I could. On the commercial conversation, Jim, your comment that I think it's still growing, but entering a period where it's probably going to contract. Is this a pressure point for mix for the business and in '25. I know there's some optimism about better price mix. Is slowing commercial and offset to that and to what magnitude? How should we think about that?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Commercial is generally a higher-margin product the residential pieces. So -- and we are anticipating that it slows. If you look at the architectural index, it's been negative for a significant amount of time. And the question is, is it going to come back in time, so we don't have a significant dip in the commercial channel. But in our plans, we are expecting it to slowdown.
James Brunk: And the good news, Eric, is taking that into account is that commercial across our whole business is roughly 25%. Obviously, the majority and the key spot is the remodeling. That's almost probably half of our business. So as Jeff said earlier, when you get that inflection on remodeling, you get an uptick in mix and volume. So we get the benefit from the contribution of volume, the contribution on higher mix and also the more steady production levels and asset utilization. So as you look at '25, that is really what we're focused on. And normally in these cycles is the first thing that comes back out is the remodeling as consumer confidence is really heightened.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: There should be significant pent-up demand. I mean, we're at the cyclical bottom, Existing home sales are at the lowest point since 1995 to remind everybody, flooring tends to have a higher correlation to home sales because people tend to remodel more either right before they sell it to get more right after they move into it as they go through. So we think there's a huge recovery coming that the question is when.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. That's helpful. And then secondly, I just wanted to clarify as well, Jeff, you commented earlier about expecting demand to improve in '25. And I think most companies, including Mohawk, expected demand to improve in the second half of '24, and that obviously hasn't taken place. And so like is your comment like demand improves in '25? Is there something you're seeing in the business that gives you conviction on that or is this a -- like eventually demand is going to improve. I just want to understand the point you're trying to make.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Listen, I've been through a lot of these cycles in my career. And I haven't seen one when interest rates fell dramatically that the housing industry didn't pick up from the pent-up demand that would test people could afford to buy them. And I would be surprised if it didn't occur this time as well.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephen Kim of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Stephen Kim: Yeah. Thanks very much, guys. I wanted to -- maybe just start off with a couple of housekeeping items. First, did you repurchase any shares in the quarter? And Jim, can you hear with us what the benefit of volume was to sales in 3Q by segment?
James Brunk: No, we did not repurchase shares in the quarter. We'll continue to be opportunistic in terms of the buyback of stock. Certainly on the positive side is we have -- continue to have strong free cash flow and liquidity provides us options, including internal investments acquisitions and stock repurchase. And then what was your second question, Steve?
Stephen Kim: The benefit of volume to sales across the segments?
James Brunk: In terms of volume, really across segments on sales, you had anywhere between $15 million to $20 million in ceramic and Flooring Rest of the world and probably double that in Flooring North America, if you're speaking of volume.
Stephen Kim: Yes. That's -- yes, okay, great. That's helpful. So I wanted to touch on this benefit the volume, the pickup in volume in Flooring North America a little bit more because I think that's probably one of the most interesting areas that investors are focusing on because this is -- I mean, obviously, the European environment is a headwind, but it looks like you've sort of -- you're really kind of bottoming, I guess, I would say, in Flooring North America. You talked about LVT. You feel like you're gaining share, laminate, you're gaining share. Obviously, I know the laminate has been driven by a lot of innovation. LVT, I guess it's off a kind of a lower base as well. But can you talk a little bit more about your confidence that you're gaining share in Flooring North America? Is it limited to those two categories? Are you seeing signs of something broader in Flooring North America? I'm specifically talking about you relative to the industry? And is there anything you're doing that is particularly worth calling out either on the distribution side or the merchandising that's different from what you have been doing over the last, call it, year or two?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We're seeing improvement in most of the different product categories, not just in those two. It's come from more aggressive approach to try to pick up volume to keep the plants running. On the other side, we're giving up some price and margin to do it. So they're offsetting each other a little bit, but we think we're gaining share in market.
James Brunk: Really, when you look at it, we're very proud of the product features that we continue to bring to the market with LVT, for example, introducing a recycled polymer core, which is PVC-free, laminate, next-generation aesthetics in those products. And along with that, in ceramic, looking at increasing textures, using 3D surfaces, the enhanced printing technologies are amazing. When you look at the new projects that are coming out, both in ceramic and on the countertop side as well. And in carpet, looking at more super premium collection in terms of same resistant softness and the ability really to help the consumer.
Stephen Kim: Jim, you just mentioned there something that caught my ear, which was you said in ceramic, you talked about the visualization technology, which you feel is a competitive advantage. I recall that this was definitely something that more than several years back was a real moat around your ceramic business, your visualization technology. It feels like we went through a period where that became a little bit more commoditized. Is what you're describing here with the 3D visualization technology something like the advantage that you had back then?
Christopher Wellborn: Absolutely. I think the technology that were using across the ceramic business, led by our business in Italy is making really great strides and thats also being helping out the porcelain slabs business, the innovation thats going into that porcelain slabs is industry-leading. So I feel pretty good about it. And also the ability to take that technology and push it through all of our divisions across the globe is an advantage for us. .
Stephen Kim: Thank you. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Trevor Allinson of Wolf Research. Please go ahead.
Trevor Allinson: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. First, the presidential election is less than two weeks away and clearly, elevated tariff rates have been a big topic depending on the outcome of that election. Should we see significantly higher rates on imported LVT, do you have a sense for how large of a tailwind that could be for you, not only from your domestic LVT production, but also your premium laminate? And then you guys have also brought on some laminate capacity recently. Can you remind us the size of that capacity add and what the current utilization of it is?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Higher tariffs would increase the prices of all. If it's broad-based, would increase the price of imported products. The amount of it would have a dramatic impact depending on if it's large or small, to change the different marketplaces, we'll have to see what happens in the future. We have change the technology inside of our plant in Georgia, and we are most of the way through starting up the plant in Mexico next to the California border, and both are running, and we're continuing to improve the productivity and production in both.
Trevor Allinson: Okay. Got you. That's helpful. And then can you talk about the M&A environment and the M&A process, given lower utilization rates right now? Are there opportunities to acquire weaker players and consolidate the market? And then maybe how does -- do those opportunities compare inside and outside of the U.S.?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: When the industry is at a low point, earnings are low, people typically don't want to sell their businesses and want to wait until the business turns around. So at the moment, there are limited transactions given [indiscernible]. We expect over the next 12, 18 months to see a significant change as the industry improves.
Trevor Allinson: That make sense. Thanks a lot. Good luck moving forward.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sam Reid of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Samuel Reid: Thanks so much. I wanted to circle back on the hurricane impact. It's kind of a two part question. So first, could you just walk us through the math you used to get to the $25 million to $40 million estimate? It's very precise, so I just want to understand that. And then looking back in time, I don't think you've called out hurricane impacts in past quarters, even after some of the activity we might have seen in 2022, which was arguably more damaging. So I just want to understand what's different about this hurricane cycle versus prior cycles.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: First of all, the number is anything but precise. We took the regions that were impacted. We've been following the sales since they occurred. And as you would suspect, when it first occurred, everything went to zero is it. And then we've been tracking how they've been coming back. And based on that, we made an estimate they could come back faster or slower than the estimate as we go through. So what was the other part of the question?
Samuel Reid: Just in terms of...
James Brunk: Comparing to the other hurricanes. So I mean, the devastation, and you really need to step back and ensure we recognize and share our sympathies with the families and the businesses that have been impacted this. It's kind of unprecedented to have back-to-back hurricanes in the span of three weeks. Plus it's a little bit unprecedented for it to go the direction it went where it really went into not only Georgia and South Carolina, but into North Carolina. So I think the difference, Florida, obviously was hit twice as well. So that whole Southeast region was more impacted, certainly this time around than in past cycles, and it represents a meaningful piece of both our Flooring North America and our U.S. ceramic business.
Samuel Reid: No, that's really helpful. Thanks. Thanks, folks. And then I wanted to follow up on M&A question. I don't want to read too much into you not repurchasing shares in the third quarter. But would one interpretation of that be that you're potentially saving up firepower for M&A as the category potentially recovers? Just thinking about the M&A from that angle.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I can just answer the question that we talked about M&A before, there are limited options at this point. We assume that theres going to be more coming, but you cant make bets on things that arent here.
Samuel Reid: No, makes total sense. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Jeff Lorberbaum for any closing remarks.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We appreciate you taking time and joining us. We're well positioned for the recovery that we believe is going to start soon, and the industry should see the impact of it next year. We appreciate you taking the time with us and have a nice weekend.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to James Brunk. Please go ahead.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor call. Joining me on today's call are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we'll update you on the company's second-quarter performance and provide guidance for the third quarter of 2024. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thanks, Jim. Our second-quarter performance reflected our focus on the controllable factors of our business, including sales initiatives, cost containment, and restructuring actions. Our net sales for the quarter were $2.8 billion, down 5.1% compared to last year. Our adjusted earnings per share were $3, up 9% year over year as a result of productivity initiatives and restructuring, as well as lower energy and material costs, partially offset by market pressures on pricing and mix and foreign exchange headwinds. We generated free cash flow of approximately $142 million during the quarter for a total of $239 million year to date. In the quarter, we purchased 755,000 shares or 1.2% of our stock for approximately $90 million. We remain optimistic about the future of our business and confident that in time, our worldwide markets will recover. Our second-quarter results exceeded our expectations despite soft market conditions around the globe. The commercial channel continues to outperform residential, although some softness in the category is occurring. While the long-term demand for our products is strong, residential purchases across our geographies remained weak. During the quarter, the actions we've taken to improve volumes in many product categories helped us though the gains were offset by consumers trading down and competitive pricing. Residential remodeling is under the greatest pressure as consumers defer large discretionary purchases due to inflation and uncertainties about the future. In addition, flooring remodeling is significantly influenced by housing turnover rates which remains suppressed due to elevated mortgage rates, high home prices, and the locked-in effect on homeowners. To reduce costs and align our business with current conditions, we're initiating additional restructuring actions across all our segments that would generate annualized savings of approximately $100 million, of which $20 million to $25 million will be recognized this year. The cash cost of these actions is about $40 million with a total cost of approximately $130 million. The execution time line will vary by project, with some extending throughout 2025 and into '26. In our global ceramics segment, we will optimize manufacturing by idling some less productive operations and aligning production to increase efficiency. We'll consolidate regional warehouses, further reduce product complexity, and leverage technology to lower administrative costs. We'll rationalize some of our Flooring North America manufacturing to enhance plant utilization, retire less efficient equipment, and simplify our offering. And Flooring Rest of World will lower our administrative and operating costs, streamline our product portfolio and distribution, and decommission inefficient assets. These actions will complement our previous restructuring initiatives that will reduce costs by approximately $60 million in 2024. Along with these, our teams are implementing many measures to manage current conditions, including enhancing sales opportunities, increasing productivity, and managing our overhead and working capital. Economists had anticipated that the Federal Reserve would lower rates this year to stimulate the US housing sector. While central banks in some of our markets have already begun to reduce rates, the Fed has indicated it intends to wait until inflation and economic activity sufficiently slow before taking actions. After the US Consumer Price Index dropped in June, many are predicting a September rate cut. If the Fed begins to lower rates at that time, we anticipate our industry should benefit next year as pent-up consumer demand increases flooring purchases. In April, US Today once again named Mohawk one of America's climate leaders, given our reduction in greenhouse gas emissions over the past four years. On July 16, we pushed our 15th annual sustainability report, which can be found online at mohawksustainability.com. Now, Jim will review our financial performance for the second quarter.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. Sales for the quarter were just over $2.8 billion. That's a 5.1% decline as reported or 4.5% on an adjusted basis, with global ceramic having the strongest quarter versus the prior year. All segments continue to see price and mix pressures, with residential remodeling trailing the new construction and commercial channels in the quarter. Gross margin for the quarter was 25.8% as reported and 27.1% on an adjusted basis versus 25.9% in the prior year, with lower input costs and increased productivity offsetting the weakness in price and mix. SG&A expense was 18.2% as reported and 17.9% on an adjusted basis. This is in line with the prior year. Operating income as reported was $214 million or 7.6%. Non-recurring charges for the quarter were $43 million, primarily due to restructuring expenses in the period. That gives us an operating income on an adjusted basis of $257 million or 9.2%. That's a 90 basis points improvement versus the prior year as our lower input cost of $83 million and productivity gains of $49 million offset the unfavorable price mix of $111 million and FX of $11 million. Interest expense for the quarter was $13 million. That's down $10 million from the prior year due to strong overall cash flow and the payoff of the term loans earlier in the year. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 20.9% versus 19.6% in the prior year. We expect Q3's rate to be between 19% and 20% and the full year rate to be between 20% and 21%. That gives us an earnings per share on a reported basis of $2.46 or on an adjusted basis of $3. That's an increase of approximately 9% versus the prior year. Turning to the segments. Global ceramic had sales of just over $1.1 billion. That's a 3.4% decrease as reported and 2.9% on an adjusted basis. Our industry volume remains constrained and pricing aggressive, while we are investing in new products to try to improve our mix. Across our various geographies, residential new construction is outperforming remodeling; and commercial, though slowing, is stronger than residential. Operating income on an adjusted basis was $95 million or 8.5%, which was in line with the prior year as lower input costs of $17.5 million, an increase in productivity of $14 million, offset the unfavorable pricing mix of $25 million, FX of $10 million, and the lower overall volume. In Flooring North America, sales were $959 million or a 4.3% decrease as reported, even though our laminate product continues to take share as a waterproof wood alternative and with our LVT product is expanding in the retail and builder channels. In commercial, the hospitality, government, and education channels are driving the outperformance versus the residential sector. Operating income on an adjusted basis was $82 million or 8.6%. That's an increase of 260 basis points versus the prior year as lower input costs of $36 million and the strength of our productivity of $19 million offset the weakness in price and mix of $36 million. And in Flooring Rest of the World, net sales were $727 million. That is an 8.3% decrease as reported and 7% decrease on an adjusted basis as markets conditions remained slow with weak consumer discretionary spending on larger ticket home projects. Pricing mix has also continued under pressure, though sales actions taken by our team through the introduction of new products and expansion of our customer base did lead to an increase in unit volume in laminate, LVT, and panels. Operating income on an adjusted basis was $91 million. That's a 12.6% operating margin. That's 40 basis points increase versus prior year led by a reduction in input costs of $30 million, positive impact of increased productivity of $15 million, offset by unfavorable price and mix of $50 million. Corporate and eliminations were $12 million during the quarter, in line with the prior year, with 2024 expected to be approximately $45 million. Now turning to the balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents were just shy of $500 million with free cash flow during the period of $142 million, bringing our year-to-date total of almost $240 million. Inventories were just shy of $2.6 billion. That's a year-over-year decrease of approximately $40 million due to reductions in costs and impact of FX as volumes slightly increase. Inventory days increased to 128 versus 120 in the prior year. The current plan, though, is to keep inventory relatively flat versus the prior year by year-end. Property, plant, and equipment stands at just under $4.8 billion, with CapEx of $91 million in the quarter, compared to D&A of $172 million. The company plans to invest approximately $480 million in the year with D&A at approximately $630 million. And the balance sheet overall and cash flow remained very strong with net debt of $1.9 billion, leverage at 1.3 times, and liquidity at approximately $1.3 billion, with the company purchasing approximately $90 million of shares in the quarter. With that, I will turn it over to Chris to review our Q2 operational performance.
Chris Wellborn: Thank you, Jim. In global ceramic, our markets remain highly competitive as reduced industry utilization continues to impact pricing and margins. Our mix is weaker given soft residential remodeling activity and consumers trading down to lower price points. In the quarter, the impact of labor and freight inflation was offset by decreases in material and energy costs. In addition to our restructuring initiatives, we are implementing numerous cost reduction projects across the segment, including product reengineering, process improvements, and streamlining administrative functions. To improve our mix, we are investing in product differentiation with leading-edge printing, polishing, and rectifying technologies. These assets allow us to create floor and wall tile collections with superior visuals and higher-value sizes, styles, and formats. On May 10, the US Department of Commerce announced the commencement of anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations of ceramic tile imported from India. The US tile trade organization believes this could lead to tariffs between 400% and 800%. Given India's widespread dumping, Mexico has increased import duties and other markets are currently investigating similar options. In the US, our high-end design capabilities, domestic manufacturing, and extensive distribution infrastructure are enhancing our participation in the builder and commercial sectors. In Europe, our unit sales exceeded last year as we leveraged our manufacturing and styling advantages to create higher value products. Our porcelain slab expansion has enhanced our offering as demand continues to increase across the flooring, furniture, and countertop markets. European energy prices declined from last year, which should help increase consumer discretionary spending. Markets in Latin America remain difficult despite central banks initiating interest rate cuts. In Mexico, we have announced price increases to offset inflationary pressures and import duties. In Mexico and Brazil, we are initiating additional sales and operational improvements to maximize the performance of our acquisitions. In both countries, we have restructured the organization and implemented new product and distribution strategies. In our Flooring Rest of World segment, market conditions remained slow with constrained consumer discretionary spending. Declining inflation led the European Central Bank to lower key rates on June 6 and additional cuts may follow. In this challenging environment, we focused on actions to drive sales, such as enhancing our product offering, executing promotions, and implementing strategic marketing campaigns. As a result of these sales initiatives, our volumes in laminate, LVT, and panels improved from prior year low levels. Pricing and mix remained under pressure, partially offset by lower input costs. In addition to our restructuring actions, we are launching many projects to improve productivity, enhance yields, and lower labor costs. We are consolidating regional flooring distribution centers and reducing logistics costs to align with present conditions. We are completing the conversion of our residential LVT program from flexible to rigid products, and we're improving our mix in our sheet vinyl category. Our laminate volumes grew as we expanded our customer base and enhanced sales with existing customers. The margins of our insulation and panels businesses have declined as fewer projects are being initiated and industry competition escalates. In Australia and New Zealand, our results were stronger given our actions to improve price and mix through new products and retail promotions. Increased manufacturing volume and associated productivity gains contributed to margin improvement in our business. In Flooring North America segment, despite challenging market conditions, volumes improved year over year in some markets and channels, though partially offset by price and mix dynamics. Our margins benefited from productivity gains driven by operational improvements, lower input costs, logistics efficiencies and restructuring. This year, we have expanded our relationships with larger US homebuilders who are increasing the share of the market. Residential remains weak with home sales turnover at the lowest level since 2008 and consumers continuing to delay remodeling projects. Both of our luxury carpet collections and our value-oriented polyester products are accelerating. Sales of our LVT and laminate collections were stronger in the retailer and builder channels. Our recent laminate expansion is ramping up to satisfy higher demand for our waterproof flooring. The commercial sector continues to outperform residential, with hospitality, government, and education channels leading though fewer projects are being initiated. Jeff, I'll return the call to you for closing remarks.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We anticipate present conditions continuing in the third quarter with elevated interest rates, inflation, and weak housing sales impacting our markets. In the current environment, we're executing plans to optimize our revenues and costs. We're managing the controllable aspects of our business, including innovative product introductions, reducing overhead, and rationalizing less efficient assets. We're streamlining operations by reducing complexity in our processes and product portfolios. Our restructuring initiatives will deliver significant savings and enhance our performance when our markets recover. We continue to benefit from lower energy and raw material costs, partially offset by labor and freight inflation. In the third quarter, we anticipate pricing pressures will continue given low industry volumes, constrained consumer spending on large purchases, and consumers trading down. As usual, European summer holidays will seasonally impact our sales and performance. Given these factors, we anticipate our third-quarter adjusted EPS to be between $2.80 and $2.90, excluding restructuring or other one-time charges. While we manage the short-term environment, we're preparing to capitalize on the demand that occurs when the industry rebounds. Residential remodeling is our industry's largest category and should lead the recovery as interest rates decline and consumer confidence improves. Across our regions, new home construction is needed to satisfy demand; and aging homes will require remodeling to meet homeowners' needs. In addition, new commercial projects will be initiated as the economy strengthens, and our product investments will enhance our participation. As the world's largest flooring manufacturer with the products, capabilities and financial strength to optimize our results as the market recovers. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard: Good morning. Thanks The restructuring or cost-out program, whichever you call it, I'm just curious. You've gone through a couple of these in the last few years. The projects that you've identified here, why were they not included in the last one? Or asked a different way, like why take cost and capacity out now?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, when we're looking at the market where it is now, we think there'll still be some time before we see a significant recovery into next year. And so we're trying to work through how we're going to optimize the profits both in the short term and the long term. And we believe that taking more costs out will position us better in the second half, and it will also increase our profitability as the market recovers.
Eric Bosshard: Within this, I guess, the second component of this, as you think about solving for the growth scenarios in '25, how much capacity do you have to support growth next year? Or embedded in that, what is the growth assumption you're considering as you rightsize capacity or optimize capacity?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: As we think about next year, we think that we're going to start seeing the cycle move from what the low point is at. Demand for housing today remains strong, and we think there's pent-up demand in the remodeling markets. Though we can't predict the timing of it, the decline of inflation, the change in interest rates will positively impact consumer confidence, housing sales, home remodeling, commercial activity, which all should have a significant impact on our category. As it improves, we think we'll get the leverage in these cost structures and our product mix. On an individual business, we have the -- we put investments in the areas where we thought we would have the most growth rate in the pieces. And those -- the businesses that we're putting this stuff in is the laminate business, the countertop business with quartz, the slab business in Europe, and the insulation businesses. We believe those have the most opportunities for higher growth, and we have invested in those. So we're ready to take advantage of the next few years as they improve.
Operator: Our next question today comes from David MacGregor from Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess just thinking while we're on the topic of restructuring and the cost reductions, can you just talk about how the anticipated savings, which I think you shared some aggregate numbers on that, how that would fall across the three reporting segments?
James Brunk: As you look at the restructuring savings, first of all, the initial actions that we took last year, we've realized about -- of the $150 million that we announced, about $110 million through the second quarter, you should see approximately about $130 million by year end. That program was fairly evenly spread across all three of the segments, maybe with Flooring North America a little bit more. With the announcement today of the additional $100 million, as we said, $20 million to $25 million would be recognized this year, a much larger piece into the following year. And then all businesses are continuing to look at reductions in SG&A, operations, and logistics. And as you look at that, Flooring North America will have more benefits than the other segments in the recently announced actions.
David MacGregor: Thank you for that color. And just as a follow-up, I wanted to get you to talk a little more about the commercial business where you're seeing a little more strength than you are in residential. And you noted some softness, though, is now starting to creep into this business through fewer projects being initiated. Just talk about what you're seeing there? And is there a difference between the Main Street commercial versus institutional business? And what level of growth should we anticipate through the second half of the commercial?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: You're correct. Commercial is holding up better than residential. We are seeing some slowing in new projects and postponement of it. If you look by channels, the ones that are outperforming for us are hospitality, retail, government, and education. We're also taking actions to increase our penetration with large strategic accounts, and we're increasing our participation with them. The good news is that in these categories, pricing is more resilient, given more differentiation in the marketplace. And then just keep in mind, as we come out of this thing, commercial improvement takes longer because even though the macro things change, the planning and construction times take longer to do so that there's a lag between them.
David MacGregor: And can you talk about what the growth is for the second half, what you think you might see there?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We're projecting it's going to be down somewhat. And it's different by market, by channel, all over the place. But I mean it is slowing somewhat.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs.
Susan Maklari: Jeff, my first question is a bit about how you're driving the business through the products. One of the things that you've mentioned is the product differentiation that you're focused on as well as the cost side of things. Can you talk a bit about what some of those benefits or those features are that you're stressing in those products? And as those gain traction over the coming quarters, how should we think about what they can contribute in either the back half of this year or even into next year in terms of perhaps mix shift and what that could mean for the business on top line as well as a profitability perspective?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Sure. In the new products, one is we've continued to invest in putting them out in the marketplace and bringing new products, and every category is participating. In ceramic, we put in new assets that can make tiles with different color intensity, textures, three-dimensional surfaces, different shapes, and sizes. In LVT, we've taken actions that we can actually enhance the coloration and textures. And we've also introduced a different core, we call it a renewable polymer core, as another category. In laminate, we've introduced features that will impact both the durability and the sound acoustics with it as we go through. And even in the different countertop businesses -- in our quartz countertop, we're introducing higher-value veining technologies in the mid-price points. And every product category has features like this that we're doing as we come out. What's happened is the biggest part of the market that's been affected. The bottom end is doing better and the high end -- the middle part, which goes through retail, is the most affected. And these features and benefits will have a lot of positive impact when the retail business picks up as consumers come back in the marketplace and get more confident.
Susan Maklari: Okay, that's helpful. And then it was encouraging to see that you did $90 million of share buybacks in the quarter. Can you talk a bit about what drove your decision to do that? And should we take it as a sign perhaps of you having some greater confidence in visibility and the forward trajectory of the business. Is it a sign that maybe we've turned the corner and you're feeling better about things from here?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think you've probably answered my question for me. We're more confident that we are reaching the end of the cycle. We have taken additional actions to manage the short-term pressures by taking additional costs out. We're confident that the markets are going to recover. We can't predict the moment, but we know they're going to recover. So it's a good time to buy shares.
Susan Maklari: And does that mean maybe that you'll do more of them in the future?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, our balance sheet, as you know, is strong. In past cycles, we've had multiple opportunities coming out of these things as the industry recovers with acquisitions, and we'll continue to evaluate share repurchases as part of our capital allocation strategy.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Mike Dahl from RBC Capital Markets.
Mike Dahl: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I think the prior question around second-half growth, it sounded like that was specific to commercial. Maybe could we zoom out and just -- you've been organically down mid-single digits from a top-line standpoint in the first half. Can you talk about what's embedded from a top-line standpoint for 3Q and how you're thinking about that into 4Q as well?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Sure. At this point, we don't anticipate anything changing the present conditions in the third quarter. And we've built in just a continuation of weak demand and pressure on pricing and all -- and continued low industry utilization. We don't see the mix changing with the consumer in the period much from where it is. And so we see the trading down continuing. We see new construction may be softening a little bit, but not a lot. And then we still have remodeling that's compressed and -- just to remind everybody, the remodeling business is our highest margin business because they tend to buy better quality products than the other residential channels. In addition, to remind everybody, the third quarter is always seasonally slower. And don't forget European holidays. They take off and it pulls down our third quarter. And then in general, we're anticipating, compared to last year, we're going to see some improvements from all the different actions we've been taking. If you go into the fourth quarter, we think that the central banks will probably start reducing rates. But we expect that the impact on us, we probably won't feel until we go into next year. And then again, the seasonality of it declines with the holidays where people spend on other things than home and commercial projects. And with this, given where we are, built into hours is continued low volume of our industry, which means we're going to have shutdowns and overheads as we maintain the discipline in our inventory levels as we go through. Other than that, I guess, as we get out in that area -- for there and further out, we could start seeing cost increases in different pieces. And as those things happen, we'll have to consider, do we need to make any changes and raise prices in the future as the markets change? What else is there? In the fourth quarter, one other comment. We actually have two additional days in the period due to just the way the calendar falls.
Mike Dahl: Got it. Okay, that's really comprehensive. Thank you for that. As a follow-up question -- so top line in the near term sounds like status quo. I guess your guide then implies that I think the operating margin sequentially is still flattish, which, to your point, you have some normal seasonality. But there's obviously puts and takes around seasonality, but then some of the actions that you're taking. So can you speak to I guess the ability to continue to improve margins from here in the back half of the year despite these top line pressures?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I mean, we gave you the expectations for the third quarter is that most of the improvement is coming from the internal actions we're taking rather than the marketplace However, we are seeing some improvements in volume, as we said, and -- I don't know, it couldn't be as -- almost maybe half the product categories or different places. But at the same time, there's still huge pressure on pricing and mix. So anything that we're picking up in the volume piece is being offset by the pricing and mix in the marketplace in the second half.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Keith Hughes from Truist.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. In the release, in Flooring North America, and in the prepared comments, you called out LVT and laminate. I guess the question, were those businesses up year over year?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: LVT and laminate, the volumes have improved. We've improved some of the margins in those businesses as we go through. You have to remember, last year, there was all kinds of also negative pressures in the comparisons. So laminate is gaining share, and we're doing our self-help actions. And LVT is helping those.
James Brunk: Yeah. Those were two of the categories, Keith, that Jeff was mentioning that, from a unit volume, was up.
Keith Hughes: Units were up in both? Okay, great. And your earlier comment to the last question that -- I think you said half of your product categories are up in volume. It's a remarkable statement if I heard it correctly. That feels like share gain, I don't think your markets are that strong. Is that fair to say?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Remember, I'm talking about a worldwide market with a lot of different parts of that with different comparisons in Europe. I mean the market is really depressed. And in Europe, a year ago, we were struggling with some cost structures with high gas prices and pieces. It was more difficult to compete against the imports. I mean, we've taken actions in different marketplaces to help us. I think that we're increasing our distribution in some. And I mean, it's a tough market, but I think we're executing well.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Question. I'd love to try and get a sense from your perspective of what drove the upside to the second quarter, if there were specific areas within perhaps, for example, North America that maybe came in a little better than expected, either -- and just more broadly on either the sales or the margin side. And if you see any of these trends perhaps continuing into the third quarter that might cause a similar result if those trends remain in place, that that might ostensibly also drive some upside to the 3Q guide?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The 3Q guide, as I just said, has got the assumption that the present conditions in the second quarter continue into the third quarter. It had, don't forget, Europe. I mean, you have to know that when they go on vacation, people quit spending money. And whatever is happening, it takes a huge dip in a different -- the holidays are different in every country. So it pulls down our period. The pressures on pricing and mix, I can't emphasize enough. I mean, the markets -- when you have industries with huge capital investments running at low throughputs, everybody is trying to optimize the marketplaces. And our aggressiveness in trying to bring new markets, satisfy people different, expand our distribution are helping this, but it's difficult.
James Brunk: Then on your question, Mike, on specifically like Flooring North America. I mean, generally, across all three segments, in Jeff's prepared remarks, talking about managing the controllable costs. And the business is really benefiting from those cost reduction and restructuring activities while we're still investing in new products which should improve our mix and profitability as some of this pent-up demand gets released later in the recovery.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. No, I appreciate that. Secondly, just wanted to get your sense in terms of how to think about the top line in the back half of the year. Currently, we're looking for a slight decline on a consolidated sales basis for both 3Q and 4Q. I was wondering if that is similar to how you're thinking about the business, particularly in the fourth quarter, where there is an easier comp? And then just technically, if I could just throw in an additional technical question. The share count really didn't move that much. The average share count didn't really move that much in 2Q. You had the share buyback though. Should we expect to see that fully reflected in the share count in 3Q or is there any offset share issuance that might still keep the share count around $64 million?
James Brunk: For the last question, it is a weighted average. And so it depends on when, obviously, each of the shares was purchased. So you'll start to see more of the impact as you go into Q3 and then for the full year. So there will be some change as you go out the balance of the year. In terms of the top line for the back half, as we've said, we are seeing some unit expansion in some of our product categories. But remember, as Jeff just emphasized, you also have price and mix. So even if you're up a little bit on units, it's being basically either offset or partially offset at the very least by price and mix.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Phil Ng from Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Hey, guys. Congrats on a really strong quarter in a tough environment. So Jeff, if I heard you correctly, you were hinting at maybe you're seeing higher costs. You could consider raising prices. Certainly, ocean freight, shipping containers, depending where it's coming from -- I think, like Asia might be up like 3x to 4x, at least that's what we're hearing. So it's putting a lot of pressure for some of your competitors that import products in the US like LVT, lam, and all of that sort. At least we're hearing maybe there's rumblings of price increases in the back half. I'm curious what you're hearing on that front? And what does that mean for Mohawk? Is that a cost headwind? Does that provide a pricing umbrella? And how does that potentially impact your portfolio?
Chris Wellborn: Well, I'll just comment that the increased ocean freight and potential tariffs should improve or should benefit our manufacturing, domestic manufacturing.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: And on the other side, the imported products, where we'd have them, will have to pass through the ocean freight changes, as everyone else will as it changes. I guess on the material side of it, we think that the prices have bottomed, and we are seeing some increases now. In this marketplace, it's really hard to determine where they're going to be six months from now. So given the low demand, we see it coming. We'll just have to find out if it's going to happen sooner or later. Usually, when you have low demand like we have, there's not much pricing, upward movement materials, but we'll have to react to whatever happened and manage through it as we go through.
Phil Ng: But Jeff, are you not hearing any rumblings? Importers are looking to raise prices at this point.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I don't hear anything, but they're going to have to. It's not if. I mean, these freight rates are up significantly.
Phil Ng: And then maybe this is a tough question to ask because you mentioned a few times that it's hard to predict timing. But let's say, if we do get rate cuts this fall, whether it's the US, in Europe, how does that kind of ripple through? Could you see the uplift as soon as spring next year? Like, I want to get a sense of what the lag works and how different parts of your end markets just kind of shake out. Do we need to actually see existing home sales turn or rate cuts coming down provides that confidence and maybe it unlocks you up? Just kind of help us unpack what it means from a rate cut standpoint and how the lag and how it impacts different parts of group portfolio.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: If it works the same as historical, which it may or may not, when rates start coming down, the market -- the people's confidence goes up. And what happens is is you have this multiple years of pushed out remodeling that happened. So usually, the consumer that's sitting there, when they start feeling better about the economy and different pieces, the remodeling industry picks up and there's very limited lag times when it starts. That's typically followed by the new housing and existing houses. People start moving more and more confidence in doing it. And then you typically have anywhere from a 9- to 12-month lag from that point before the commercial sector, which takes longer to plan, get budgets approved, before you start seeing those type of things help tends to be the typical recovery. And when you start with the timing of it, I mean, your guess is as good as mine. Sooner is better for me.
Phil Ng: But you would expect your R&R side to come back first. Is that fair, particularly in North America?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It always does it.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Matthew Bouley from Barclays.
Matthew Bouley: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Back on the new restructuring. I'm curious if it was more kind of a change to your near or medium-term outlook for that recovery? Or was part of this something more structural around the longer-term need for capacity in certain product categories? I think you mentioned it might be a little more weighted to the Flooring North America. So yeah, any color on that kind of decision process. Thank you.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We have to manage the circumstances we're in. We know that market is going to turn in the future. We don't know the timing it's going to turn. We know that -- our view was that the second half of the year will continue to be difficult, so we encouraged all of our businesses to find ways to improve their margins to get through the near term without hurting our long-term potential in the future. And all of them put together projects to improve their productivity, to utilize the assets. In some cases, we've idled some assets that we can start back up. And in other cases, we've shut down some higher cost ones. We've taken costs out with people. We are managing the product portfolios aggressively to have them in the best shape we can have in. And we think we're doing all the right things to take advantage of when this thing turns and -- don't forget, when it turns, it's going to take several years -- typically, the industry runs at slightly over GDP. And when this thing turns, you typically have multiple years of above-industry growth to get us back to the trend lines.
James Brunk: But given the restructuring we take, it's important to reiterate that we feel good about the capacity that we still have installed to react to, as Jeff said, that recovery period.
Matthew Bouley: Got. it, okay. That's helpful. And then secondly, zooming into the near term. I think the difference between price and cost got a little wider in Q2 than in Q1. And I think as we look forward, clearly, the year-over-year comparisons are very different on price and cost as we get into Q3. I mean, is the expectation that you would still stay a little bit negative on price cost? Or any additional color on how that would play out over these next few months. Thank you.
James Brunk: You are correct that in the quarter, if you just look at material and energy, it's about $90 million of benefit from a year-over-year perspective compared to the weaker price mix of . That's just material on energy. And then the productivity, which was close to $50 million was really there to offset the increases in wages and benefits. Now as you fast forward to the second half of the year, we would expect each of the segments to see that continued price and mix pressure. But from a year-over-year benefit also, there will be less benefit from input costs as you lap over the lower cost from last year. Now that is one reason also, as Jeff pointed out, we're implementing additional cost reductions or restructuring actions to manage the situation.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Adam Baumgarten from Zelman & Associates.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey, guys. You talked about the price or the cost piece on a year-over-year basis maybe being less of a tailwind in the back half. Are you actually seeing input -- sequential input cost inflation as we've gone through the year so far?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Prices have been fairly stable. I mean, we buy a lot of pieces. So there are some that are going up. We'll have to see how they evolve and where they're going to go. But again, as you come out of these cycles, they're all going to go up. And so we have to manage our way out of it when it occurs.
James Brunk: The key point, Adam, was that we've been very consistent as you see the lower cost flowing through compared to last year. The high point was going to be in the first quarter saw a little bit less in the second quarter. I would expect that to continue as you go into the third and fourth quarter as well.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay, got it. And then maybe switching gears to laminate that's been a good part of the story. I guess, what are you seeing from an end market perspective, the most adoption there or penetration? Is it in single-family new construction or home improvement or both, I guess? Just some more color there would be helpful.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It's really broad-based. What's happened is that laminate is becoming accepted as an alternative to wood floors and/or LDP. In all the markets, builders are using it more than they have. In retail, the retailers are also picking it up and utilizing it. And then -- what am I missing? The commercial business doesn't use it at all. It is a very limited? Is it -- our laminate, we have unique technologies that makes our laminate look better and in different visuals than other people can make. And so if -- in the world markets as well as the US, we have a huge share of the mid- to upper-end part of the laminate business, and we have none of the commodity at the bottom. Our equipment is different, our products look different, and the value propositions are different.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions today. Based on some of our work and talking to the channel and feedback from the field, in the case that you've gained some market share this year. I wanted to see if you could clarify what gains you're seeing either by channel or by product categories and how sustainable you think these gains may be? Thank you.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We've been aggressive in the marketplace, like everybody else is being in the market. We have good relationships with people. We are bringing products and value propositions are different. We've been investing through the downturn in our sales and marketing activities. We continue to provide merchandising and promotions to help them maximize their business, and I think we're being rewarded in some places for that and increasing our distribution. We have things like -- with the freight and all the parts, our ceramic business, we have been able to satisfy the high-end market of ceramic, for instance, in the commercial channels where there's been disruptions and timing. We've improved our styling and offerings. So we've become alternatives for higher-end Italian tile, for instance. So we're taking the right actions in each product category. While, at the same time, we're managing our costs and cutting our costs. And the management is really doing an excellent job.
James Brunk: Another good example, Kathryn is in Europe. In ceramic, with energy costs coming down, we are able to level the playing field to being more competitive in that marketplace. And we saw that in the quarter where we proved over Q1 and from a unit perspective and a cost perspective.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Just some more in Europe. In Europe, when gas prices were , the material prices were high. I mean our ability to compete was really hurt. We didn't hedge any of our gas prices, so we were paying premium prices for everything. So I mean there's a huge change in our capacity to compete in the marketplace today in Europe, for instance, than there was a year ago.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay, great. I have just a clarification from your press release yesterday afternoon. And one of the items you said in terms of the cost-cutting measures was leveraging technology to lower administrative costs. How much of this -- could you clarify more? Is this a euphemism for AI and incorporating that? Just help us understand a little bit more about that phrase. Thanks so much.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: AI, we're all looking at trying to find ways to use it. We're in initial stages of understanding it. We're going through training programs with different parts of our organization to try to utilize it. We think it's going to help to much more in-depth analysis and see trends that we haven't seen before. So we're investing in it, but we're really at the front end and the opportunities are significant. The general business is we continue to improve our internal information systems. And we keep using them to reduce our administrative structures and respond rapidly.
Kathryn Thompson: So you're not -- just to clarify, you're not necessarily -- you're not to the point of having AI be part of cost improvement plans quite yet. Is that a fair statement?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: There's ideas, but I can't say that they have made a major change in the cost structures up to this point.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Rafe Jadrosich from Bank of America.
Rafe Jadrosich: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to follow up on some of the productivity gains that you've spoken about, how that carries into the remainder of this year and into next year. If we see volume continue to decline and let's say it's flattish next year, do you think your productivity gains are still enough to drive margin expansion? And then within that, can you just talk about versus that $50 million you talked about in the second quarter, how do we think about the gains in 3Q and into 2024?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Just from a general point of view, then I'll let Jim try to give you some more view. When the volume is going down, you have to make all these cost changes to try to keep the -- you don't get any benefits and upticks. What you're happening to do is trying to cut the cost out to manage the lower throughput and pull them down to keep them in line. Now as we come out of it, what will happen is as the volume goes up, we're going to try to limit the expansion of these costs and leverage the margins and get them back to double digits and higher from where we are today.
James Brunk: Certainly, volume is a story, Rafe. As you look for volume to pick up, you also are able to run the facilities at a more steady state. Therefore, you have less interruption and less shutdown costs, which certainly helps from an unabsorbed overhead perspective. From a productivity view, going through this year into next, we expect all the businesses are continuing to bring ideas forward on cost reductions. As I talked about CapEx, for example, about 45% of the capital spending is around cost reductions and product innovation. So those will continue to evolve as we go into next year. And as I pointed out, on the restructuring savings, of the $100 million we just announced, only $20 million to $25 million will be really recognized this year. And we'll still have a little bit of a carryover from the $150 million that we originally announced last year.
Rafe Jadrosich: Okay, that's helpful. And then just on the pricing side, as you look across each of the three segments -- I know on a year over year basis, it's down. But sequentially, are you seeing any type of stabilization? And then just to clarify on an earlier question, you not have not seen any impact yet from the higher shipping costs in terms of competitors reacting to price.
James Brunk: I would -- not yet. The competitors know -- on your sequential question. So the biggest move was from Q4 to Q1. Q1 to Q2, though, there are some declines mostly in the price area. But it's certainly moderating as you go sequentially through the year, but you're still seeing some declines.
Rafe Jadrosich: So from 2Q into 3Q, you would expect sequentially down -- just still down, but less than it was down 1Q into 2Q?
James Brunk: Yes.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Laura Champine from Loop Capital.
Laura Champine: Thanks for taking my question. It's just a follow-on to the last one, which in mix, is mix getting -- and I know it's negative year on year. But sequentially, is it getting worse or better in your three major segments?
James Brunk: Mix is a tough one because you have not only product mix, but you also have channel mix. So as we've said, as commercial slows, that will have a negative impact on mix, as Jeff talked about, the commercial market earlier in the call. But on the flip side, on the products, we -- because of our investments that we have made, we are really trying to leverage that to see stronger mix. So you have the combination of the two. So as we look forward, price and mix, it's more on the pricing side.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Just as we said, we think we're going to see -- the condition is we don't see a significant change as we go from second quarter into third quarter and even in the fourth quarter this year.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen we'll conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference call back over to Jeff Lorberbaum for any closing comments.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We're confident in the long-term fundamentals of our industry. We are well positioned to take advantage of the recovery of the housing market. And we expect there to be some different timing of how they come out, but they're all going to come out and go back to more normal things in the next few years. Thank you for taking your time and spending it with us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's conference call and presentation. We do thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please also note this event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to James Brunk. Please go ahead. 
James Brunk: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor conference call. Joining me on today's call are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we'll update you on the company's first quarter performance and provide guidance for the second quarter of 2024. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
 This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Though economic headwinds are impacting our industry, our results reflect positive effects of the actions we're taking to enhance our performance. Our net sales for the first quarter were $2.7 billion, down 4.5% compared to last year. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.86, up 6% versus 2023 as a result of restructuring productivity initiatives and benefits from lower cost of materials and energy, partially offset by weaker pricing and mix.  
 Currency exchange rates continue to affect our operating income with a negative impact in the quarter of approximately $12 million or $0.15 on EPS. Across our regions, market conditions remained similar to the prior quarter with significant pricing and mix pressure through the industry competition for volume. Though slowing the commercial channel continues to outperform residential. Residential remodeling remained soft due to low housing sales and the impact of inflation on discretionary spending.  
 Retailers have reported that consumers are reluctant to initiate higher ticket projects with flooring facing greater pressure since most replacements can be readily deferred. Our teams remain focused on managing through the near-term environment. Realizing sales opportunities, reducing controllable costs and completing restructuring initiatives. We continue to manage our production levels to align inventories with market demand.  
 To stimulate sales, we're investing in new product introductions with enhanced features that convey the value of our collections. Given inflationary pressures and labor benefits and other items, we continue to take additional actions to reduce our cost structure and improve productivity. Globally, there is optimism about consumer confidence, improving interest rates declining and a rebound in the housing market.  
 The timing of this inflection in each market depends on inflation levels and actions by their central banks. Latin America aggressively raised interest rates to combat inflation, and now the region is among the first to implement rate reductions. Brazil Central Bank initiated several rate cuts and Mexico recently lowered rates for the first time since 2021. In the U.S. and Europe, Central banks are maintaining interest rates as they focus on achieving their targeted inflation levels.  
 The present forecast for U.S. new home starts and existing home sales is for a slight increase in 2024 with greater improvement in the second half of the year. In some countries, governments are subsidizing housing investments by reducing mortgage rates. In the U.S., builders are stimulating purchases of their properties by buying down interest rates for consumers. The U.S. Realtors Association recently noted that life events eventually require buyers and sellers to make moves regardless of interest rates.  
 The desire for homeownership remains strong and people will find a way to realize that goal. Since our last call, Newsweek named Mohawk, one of America's greatest workplaces for women and Green Builder selected our PureTech PVC-free resilient flooring as one of their top products of the year. We're pleased to be recognized for both our commitment to our people and our product innovation.  
 Now, Jim will provide a review of our financial performance for the quarter. 
James Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. Again, sales were just under $2.7 billion. That's a 4.5% decrease as reported and 5.5% on a constant basis due to year-over-year price and mix pressures continuing due to a combination of tight demand, the pass-through of lower input costs and the consumer trading down. Our Flooring Rest of the World segment was impacted the most by the price and mix issue in the quarter.  
 Gross margin was 24.2% as reported or 24.4% on an adjusted basis versus 24.1% in the prior year, primarily due to lower cost material and energy of $147 million substantially offsetting the negative impact of price and mix of $152 million, in addition to the benefit of our productivity and restructuring actions of $35 million. SG&A expense was 18.8% as reported an 18.4% on an adjusted basis, basically in line with the prior year.  
 That gave us an operating margin of 5.5% as reported. Nonrecurring charges were $17 million in the quarter, giving us an adjusted operating margin of 6.1%. That's a slight improvement over prior year, driven by the lower input cost of approximately $136 million and increased productivity of $47 million, offsetting the negative impact of weaker price and mix of $153 million and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency of $12 million and temporary manufacturing shutdowns of $10 million.  
 Interest expense for the quarter was $15 million at slightly favorable versus prior year. Our non-GAAP tax rate is 21.8% versus 22.6% in the prior year. We expect Q2's tax rate to be between 20% and 21%, and the full year rate to be between 19% and 21%. That gave us an earnings per share as reported of $1.64 and on an adjusted basis of $1.86 an increase of 6% versus the prior year.  
 Turning to the segments. Global Ceramic had sales of just over $1 billion. That's a 1.4% decrease as reported and 5% on a legacy and constant basis due to the unfavorable impact of price and product mix and lower volume as the industry demand remains compressed. Operating margin on an adjusted basis was 5%. That's a decrease of approximately 130 basis points due to the unfavorable impact of price and product mix of approximately $40 million reflecting the continued difficult market conditions and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency of approximately $11 million, partially offset by lower input costs of $32 million and productivity gains of $14 million. In Flooring North America, we had sales of $900 million. That's a 5.6% decrease as reported due to lower remodeling activity impacting volume as well as pressuring price and mix across our product lines. The business improved through the quarter, and we are introducing new residential collections with unique features to enhance our carpet, laminate and resilient sales.  
 Operating margin on an adjusted basis was 5.3%. That's a significant improvement versus prior year with favorable impact of lower input costs of $57 million and productivity gains of $23 million, as we benefit from our cost optimization and restructuring initiatives. This was partially offset by unfavorable impact of price and product mix of $20 million. And finally, Flooring Rest of the World had sales of just over $730 million. That's a 7.4% decrease as reported or 5.9% on a constant basis due to the unfavorable impact of price and product mix, partially offset by an increase in our unit volume, even in a generally weak environment across Europe.  
 Operating margin on an adjusted basis was 10.1%. That's a decrease of 250 basis points driven by the unfavorable impact of price and product mix of approximately $92 million primarily in our panels business, which has declined substantially compared to the high prior year comps when the industry was running near capacity. These were partially offset by lower input costs of $48 million stronger unit volume of $11 million and productivity gains of $10 million.  
 Corporate and eliminations was $11 million for the quarter, in line with prior year and our full year forecast is for $45 million. Looking at the balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents were just over $650 million with free cash flow in the quarter of $97 million. Inventories were just over $2.5 billion, with the year-over-year inventory decrease of about $200 million, primarily due to a reduction in costs.  
 Our inventory days were reduced to 125 days versus the year-end level of 130. Property, plant and equipment were just shy of $4.9 billion. Our CapEx for the quarter was $87 million, with depreciation and amortization of $154 million. The company plans to invest approximately $480 million to $500 million in 2024 with D&A for the full year forecasted to be approximately $600 million.  
 Overall, the balance sheet and cash flow remained very strong with gross debt of just over $2.6 billion and leverage at 1.4x. At this point, I will turn it over to Chris to review our Q1 operational performance. 
William Christopher Wellborn: Thanks, Jim. During the quarter, sales in our Global Ceramic segment remains soft across our regions. The industry is operating below historical levels and market competition to capture volume is affecting both our pricing and margins. Product mix is also declining as higher-value residential remodeling channel is softest and those customers undertaking new projects are selecting lower-cost options.  
 Reduced energy prices are enhancing our results, though wages, benefits and other costs have increased. We continue to execute cost reduction initiatives, including utilization of lower-cost materials, product reformulations and reductions in SG&A spending. We're driving productivity through increased efficiencies higher yields and consolidating our distribution network.  
 Our investments in new printing, polishing and rectifying technologies are delivering higher value sales and formats to improve our mix. We are introducing decorative innovations with new glazes, 3-dimensional surfaces and updated artisanal mosaics. We are launching larger formats in floor and wall tile and porcelain slabs along with smaller offerings that replicate handcrafted visuals.  
 Our broad product offering, quality and service advantages are helping us expand business with both new and existing customers. In the U.S., cold weather caused the suspension of operations at a number of our manufacturing facilities and service centers in January impacting our cost and revenue. Our Tennessee quartz countertop expansion should be completed later this year, and we're developing new products and enhanced marketing tools to support our additional capacity. The U.S. ceramic tile industry has filed a petition against India in response to widespread dumping of ceramic tile in the U.S. market and expects tariffs between 400% and 800% plus additional duties for subsidies.  
 Other countries where we operate are considering similar actions. In Europe, we're seeing robust growth in porcelain panel sales after our recent expansion and sales have also benefited from our new smaller and larger sized premium products. European energy prices have moved to lower levels than forecasted, which should benefit consumers. In Mexico and Brazil, we're optimizing our sales and improving our operations. We're implementing new distribution and product strategies in each country, so our brands complement each other in the marketplace.  
 In our Flooring Rest of World segment, markets remained soft despite declining inflation. In the quarter, our volumes increased from the prior year's low levels, which may be an indication of improving trends in our categories. So our results were impacted by pricing pressures as we pass through lower input costs in highly competitive markets. Our Quick-Step brand sales improved during the quarter as we realign price points, reflecting lower cost and increased marketing efforts to stimulate demand. We've completed the restructuring of our residential LVT program and are beginning to see the savings we anticipated.  
 The change is delivering substantial growth in our residential rigid LVT, which is replacing our discontinued flexible products. In Insulation, we've recently experienced material increases and are raising our prices accordingly. In our panels business, margins have declined from our cyclical high comparisons due to the underutilization of industry capacity partially offset by mix improvement in our decorative collections.  
 We've announced selective price increases and panels to reflect rising material cost. We continue to implement productivity initiatives and containment and cost containment projects across the business, including labor efficiencies, higher yields and alternative materials. We're enhancing our bolt-on acquisition in MDF Boards sheet vinyl and mezzanine flooring and will complete our premium laminate expansion this year.  
 In Australia, New Zealand, reduced input costs and increased productivity offset lower pricing and volumes in a slow environment. In our Flooring North America segment, our results versus the prior year benefited from declining raw material and energy costs, partially offset by lower price and mix. While residential remodeling was generally weaker overall, market conditions vary depending on channel and product category.  
 Sales improved through the quarter, though many retailers in some of our facilities were temporarily closed in January due to weather. Lower market demand and consumers trading down are creating a competitive marketplace, pressuring average selling prices and product mix. Based on builder optimism, new single-family home sales should improve through the year, positively impacting our Flooring business. Commercial sales continue to outperform residential led by the specified hospitality, retail and government channels.  
 Retailers are embracing our new residential product launches, including PETPremier carpet and PureTech resilient planks. We're optimizing sales of our consolidated coordinated accessories and growing our recently acquired rubber trim business. We're increasing the sales of our nonwoven acquisition with new customers and product expansions. Our West Coast LVT facility is increasing production, and our Georgia restructuring initiatives are being implemented. During the quarter, we delivered productivity gains across the segment with operational improvements, better yields and enhanced logistics. I'll return the call to Jeff for closing remarks. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Chris. The Flooring industry appears to be at the bottom of this cycle, and we are managing controllable aspects of our business to improve our results. We continue to reduce our fixed and variable costs through ongoing restructuring and additional productivity initiatives. We're aligning production with market demand to control working capital, which increases our unabsorbed overhead to enhance sales and margins, we're upgrading our product offering with unique features and investing in new merchandising.  
 This year, we're completing our LVT quartz countertop and premium laminate expansion projects to support our products with the greatest growth potential when the market recovers. Our other capital investments are focused on reducing costs, delivering product innovation or maintaining the business. Due to European vacation schedules, our second quarter sales are seasonally higher than the third quarter. Given these factors, we anticipate our second quarter adjusted EPS to be between $2.68 and $2.78, excluding any restructuring or onetime charges.  
 Residential flooring sales should lead to recovery as consumer confidence improves, the housing market strengthens and postponed remodeling projects are initiated. Existing home sales will normalize and our meaningful catalyst for flooring since homeowners replace it more often before listing a property or soon after completing a purchase. Across our geographies, housing has not kept pace with household formations and substantial home construction will be required for many years to satisfy those needs.  
 Additionally, as homes age, increased remodeling investments are required to maintain property values. As the world's largest flooring manufacturer, we expect to significantly benefit from our brand leadership, investments in new capabilities and recent acquisitions as the flooring market recovers. We have the products to inspire consumers the infrastructure to deliver superior service and the balance sheet to invest in opportunities for the business. We'll now be glad to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Matthew Bouley from Barclays. 
Matthew Bouley: So obviously, the trajectory of interest rates is a little different than what the market thought earlier this year. I guess 2 parts. Are you have any different thoughts around how you're thinking about earnings growth for Mohawk? I think previously, you had expected in the second half of the year that you could see growth year-over-year. Clearly, it was positive year-over-year in the first quarter. But any kind of thoughts around the cadence of the business into the second half? And then just are you managing the business any differently assuming this different rate environment, capital allocation managing capacity, any restructuring actions being considered. Any thoughts around how that has evolved here? 
Jeff Lorberbaum: The recent comments by the Fed that interest rates will stay higher could somewhat impact housing sales and the flooring industry improvement as we go through the year. The industry has been running at extremely low levels and eventually buyers and sellers have to do transactions. People who are not moving should increase remodeling over time and housing sales are expected to increase from their very low levels. At the same time, we anticipated commercial would slow significantly. It's possible it could be better than we expected given the stronger economies at this time. We still anticipate improvement in the second half and exceed the results this year. 
Matthew Bouley: Got it. perfectly. And then I guess maybe sticking with the capital allocation side. You're completing some of your capacity investments this year. What does that mean for capital expenditures beyond 2024? And just kind of any additional thoughts around the share repurchase within that capital allocation set of priorities. 
James Brunk: Well, first of all, just to remind you, our forecast this year is somewhere between $480 million and $500 million. That's below D&A of about $600 million about 45% of that is really focused on cost reductions and product innovation. 15% is relatively to complete those growth investments that you just mentioned. And the remaining 40% or so is on the maintenance of the business. Going forward into next year, given the completion of the capacity projects.  
 The focus will be on cost reductions, product innovation and the maintenance of the business, unless of course, we come up with new ideas from a capacity standpoint. In terms of other cash priorities, again, we'll focus on broadening our product offering and innovations around products identifying acquisitions, whether they be bolt-on or acquisitions that would help us get into new markets. And then share buybacks are still being considered as part of that allocation. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Wojs from Baird. 
Timothy Wojs: Maybe just to start, just in the first quarter, I mean, price mix, I think kind of more than offset some of the raw material improvement or raw material cost improvement that you kind of saw on a year-over-year basis. So as you kind of think about the next few quarters, how should we kind of model or kind of think about that price mix cadence and maybe just price cost in general as we kind of go through 2024. 
James Brunk: Let me start with some of the assumptions around Q2, that give us a baseline. As we enter Q2, we are seeing some signs of increasing volume, but are seeing continued price and mix pressure we expect seasonality to be more aligned with historical levels. We continue to invest in innovative products, process improvements and cost reduction to try to control our costs still anticipate that FX will continue to be a headwind as well. In terms of material costs in Q2 we would anticipate the benefits from lower costs from a year-over-year perspective to be offset by that price and mix pressure with the Flooring Rest of the world continuing to be under the most pressure. 
Timothy Wojs: Okay. Okay. That's really helpful. And then just, I guess, on the panel kind of price mix kind of commentary, when do the comps there just get easier? 
William Christopher Wellborn: I think the panels business is going to be under pressure all during this year. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: But the cost was -- cost will get less -- will get easier in the second half. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. 
Susan Maklari: Jeff, it seems like you are starting to realize more of the benefits of the productivity and the restructuring efforts even with the business continuing to be under pressure. Can you talk a bit about how that can contribute to the margin profile over time? And maybe where do you think that this can go even if the macro remains less supportive? 
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's start out with the general view by different channels. In the residential flooring sales always rebound from the low level that they're at Consumer confidence improves, housing improves. You have to postpone remodeling that hasn't been done in the last couple of years as they were pressured by inflation.  
 So that comes back, we expect, as you said, the mix and average selling prices as the market improves, it actually changes because there's more higher-value retail replacement business, and it helps the margins. We'll benefit from all the different activities on a continuous basis that the cost reduction, the product investments, the growth initiatives, the different acquisitions that we've made over the past 1.5 years, we expect them to benefit our results significantly as the thing improves.  
 This will increase the margins with higher volumes, and we'll get leverage in the SG&A and the other overhead costs as well as the increased productivity. So coming out of the cycle, we're at a low level, which happened in the last big downturn. The first expectation is that we get back to 10% operating income and then continue to expand it further. 
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's helpful color. And then I guess, you mentioned that you still expect to expand in the second half of this year. Just any thoughts on more specifics around how that may come together? What some of the key factors could be, especially as you think about the Flooring North America segment? 
Jeff Lorberbaum: When we start out with the -- we think we're going to have the normal seasonality, which means typically in the U.S., the peak of the year tends to be the end of the second quarter into the third quarter, and we think it's going to be more normalized. At the moment, which we've said the demand still is weak with continued pressure on pricing. So until the volume gets back, we think there'll still be the pressure there, along with the mix. 
 What else is different. Again, we're just assuming that the replacement business, which has been really low, at some point, they have to start if they're going to stay in their houses, they're going to have to start improving them. And then some of the people are going to have to move just because of their lifestyles so it can't stay at the bottom forever. So we're assuming that even if interest rates don't change a lot, that we'll start seeing some of this improvement there. And as you look in the other countries around the world, they look like they're going to start lowering interest rates sooner and faster. 
 And the same thing should occur in those countries with consumer confidence and moving forward and doing more remodeling, which is the first thing that picks up. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Lovallo from UBS. 
John Lovallo: The first one, maybe just focusing on the second quarter. It seemed I think that previously, you had expected sort of on a year-over-year basis, energy cost reductions this offset negative price mix and that productivity would offset wage and benefit inflation. I guess the question is, is that the expectation still for the second quarter? And did that happen in the first quarter only in North America? 
James Brunk: Well, first of all, in the first quarter, as I said, if I just look at materials and energy, it's about $147 million favorable in terms of lower cost compared to the $153 million unfavorable price and mix. The most pressure was seen, as we said, in the Flooring Rest of the World category and that is the one place where materials and Energy did not offset the negative price mix. 
 I would think in the second quarter, I would anticipate that trend continuing where the pressure is the highest in Flooring Rest of the world. 
John Lovallo: Okay. Okay. Got it. And then just trying to wrap my head around the second half of the year. I mean, should we expect a negative impact from pricing to sort of lap to maybe less of a price mix headwind year-over-year, but also probably less favorable impact from lower input costs. And then sort of from there, you need volume to drive productivity to offset any additional inflation. Is that the right way to think about it? 
James Brunk: Yes, John, it is the right way to think about it. What I would anticipate, as you start to lap the prior year price/mix will become less of a headwind. Again, we're speaking about year-over-year. But you're also right, I'm going to start to also lap the lower cost. And so that will become less impactful as well. Really what it's going to turn into is, as we anticipate volume getting a little bit stronger, you'll get a pickup in volume, but you also get a benefit and less shutdown costs as well. And so that will be the focus as we go into the second half of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Ng from Jefferies. 
Collin Verron: This is actually Collin on for Phil. I just wanted to start on the commercial piece. You know that the commercial continued to outpace residential that's slowing. Are volumes higher year-over-year in that commercial business? And then how are you thinking about your commercial flooring volumes as we move through the end of 2024. And then maybe just remind everyone of the size of that commercial business for each of your segments? 
Jeff Lorberbaum: What we said was that the commercial business is holding up better than we had anticipated. We thought that it would fall off faster than it has, and it is we're performing better than we thought. We still think it's going to continue slowing through the year as new projects haven't been initiated in the last year. So we're still anticipating it slowing. And commercially, you also have pricings more resilient since the products are more unique, so you don't have as much price pressure. 
 And presently, the hospitality retail government channels are outperforming. And just as a comment on the back side, when we start getting better, it's going to take longer for the commercial to improve because it takes a longer time to get the planning approvals and construction to begin in the business. Anything else you want to give a... 
James Brunk: And overall, the commercial makes up roughly about 20%, 25% of the overall Mohawk business with it being the highest in the ceramic segment. 
Collin Verron: Okay. That's helpful color. And then I guess I just wanted to touch on the India ceramic tile tariffs. Can you just talk about the price point of those Indian imports, how you're positioned versus that price point? And what percentage of your portfolio would really benefit from the tariff on the Indian tile? 
William Christopher Wellborn: Well, the prices of imports have been declining with excess capacity, energy and freight costs. And of course, India has been growing. The Tile Council of North America expects those tariffs to be between 400% and 800%. And that should help our volume and increase market pricing since it's been pushed down so low. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: They tend to be more focused in the low to mid-end of the marketplace to answer that part of the question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Hughes from Truist. 
Keith Hughes: Your comments around business improving earlier in the call, I know that was highlighted in the release. Have you also seen some volume improvements in Flooring North America. 
James Brunk: At this point, no, in the first quarter, volumes were still lower in both the Florida North America and Global Ceramic segments, we did see, as we noted, some volume improvement in the rest of the world segment. 
Keith Hughes: Okay. So no sequential movement in those 2 is what you're saying. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: Remember, the first quarter is always lower than the fourth quarter. 
James Brunk: I was speaking from a year-over-year perspective as well. 
Keith Hughes: Okay. Second question in ceramic. I guess if you could talk about the end-user markets in North America, I know commercial has been strong. What areas of commercial have been moving the numbers up? 
William Christopher Wellborn: Well, generally, the commercial business in ceramic, I would say, it's been flat. It hasn't decreased as much as we thought it would. But as Jeff said, we expect that to soften as we go through the year. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think the comment was the -- our business is about flat. I don't think the market is. 
Keith Hughes: And within commercial, I assume office is weaker, but what areas are offsetting is that right? 
Jeff Lorberbaum: That would be the same one we talked about before. 
William Christopher Wellborn: Yes, like hospitality, the medical schools, those things have still been strong. 
James Brunk: And I would add to that government as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. 
Michael Rehaut: First, I would love to get your thoughts around price mix trends for Flooring North America and Global Ceramic. And as we look into the second quarter and even the second half of the year, given the current demand backdrop, would you expect pricing and mix to remain negative as we get into the back half? And what kind of trends would be driving that or would be driving any type of change into the positive? 
James Brunk: Given right now, the low housing sales industry volumes are still down significantly, we think price/mix remains under pressure especially given the high fixed cost of operations. The industry will start to rebound as you start to see consumer confidence and housing activity certainly increase. But we do believe we should start to get towards the bottom of the cycle, but I would anticipate price/mix being that headwind for the balance of the year. 
William Christopher Wellborn: I mean one thing that should help us in the future as remodeling comes back, the margins in that, at least on ceramic, tend to be higher. 
Michael Rehaut: Right. Okay. I guess the margins on commercial, though, are also a little bit higher. So that would be depending on how much commercial slows a little bit of an offset as well? Or is that the right way to think about that? 
James Brunk: That is the right way to think about it, it's more specified in nature and tends to be a richer blend of product and margin. 
Michael Rehaut: Right. Second question, would love to get your thoughts. You do a continuous amount of productivity, restructuring adjustments to your footprint. I know there's a lot of moving pieces there, but I would love to try and get a sense for what benefits of cost-saving benefits your restructuring actions contributed to the second quarter in aggregate. And if that type of contribution or benefit that you're seeing right now on a quarterly pace would increase into the back half of the year or just kind of stay consistent with what you're seeing this past quarter? 
James Brunk: Let me frame a little bit better for you, Mike, in terms of the restructuring actions. We continue to execute the actions that we have previously identified we've realized about $90 million of the savings of about $150 million goal through the first quarter. So that's last year through the first quarter of this year. So we have another $60 million of benefit that is going to flow through the P&L. Most of the -- much of the restructuring has been executed, including the closure of high-cost assets, the restructuring of LVT operations, discontinuing low-margin products and reducing administrative structure. And all the businesses are continuing cost reductions and SG&A operations and logistics. In the first quarter, that certainly was a part of the benefit of the $47 million that I noted in our productivity and that will help as we go through the balance of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Dahl from RBC. 
Michael Dahl: First one is, obviously, on a year-on-year basis, there's a lot of noise looking at kind of the price mix comparisons. On a sequential basis, and maybe specifically for North America and Global Ceramic. Can you talk to kind of the sequential trends that you've seen year-to-date or versus 4Q and price mix? What's embedded in the 2Q guide? 
 And then the flip side, obviously, on cost, you addressed some of the year-on-year dynamics we've seen, obviously, a pickup in oil. So can you also speak to whether or not in foreign North America, in particular, or you're starting to see some upward pressure sequentially on your cost basket? 
James Brunk: So from -- let me start with your comment on the sequential on price/mix. From Flooring North America and Global Ceramic. From Q4 to Q1, it was relatively flat. But from Q1 to Q2, I would anticipate that you'll see more pressure in Flooring North America. Again, that's sequentially Q1 to Q2. Some of that is around seasonality. Some of that is in the price mix pressures in that segment. 
 But from an overall company standpoint, I still would say that Flooring Rest of the World remains under probably the most pressure because of what we've talked about in the panels area. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: There's still going to be additional productivity and cost reductions to help offset that. And as you look forward with it, we think we're coming the raw materials and input costs coming into the year were the low. We have seen some movements in the first quarter, and we expect limited increases given the present environment that we're in. We think that as business improves in the future, at some point, we would expect the suppliers to raise prices and we'll have to follow with increases to pass them through. 
 And then it's also possible, given all the economic events and/or regional conflicts that they could change our view on it overnight. 
Michael Dahl: Right. Yes. Okay. Fair enough. And then second question. Specifically with respect to the second half in 3Q, you did make a comment highlighting European seasonality, 2Q versus 3Q. I feel like normally, that might be a comment that we see more next quarter. As a reminder, the people as you're thinking about your 3Q guide. Can you just talk to the intent behind that. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: We were trying to remind everybody that the European business is on a different cycle as well as we have some South American businesses here in the middle of their winter is that -- so everybody doesn't always consider the non-U.S. businesses. And we just -- as you're putting through the models, we just wanted to remind you. 
Michael Dahl: So in the context of the year-on-year improvement is the idea that sequentially, 3Q earnings could be down sequentially? 
James Brunk: So if you're looking -- it's a little early to tell that while it depends on the rebound. And if we start to see that volume increase, like we talked about earlier. But the real point was that Europe tends to peak in the second quarter from a historic standpoint. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group. 
Kathryn Thompson: So you talked about the move for tariffs on services in the U.S. But we do acknowledge that, and we've gotten some feedback about the Chinese tariffs have rolled off last year and are hearing just more of dumping activities, particularly for LVT since the end of last year. What are your thoughts or updates on potential reinstatement of tariffs or better yet, what are you seeing in terms of trends in Europe for your products? 
William Christopher Wellborn: Well, you asked about LVT in general. So LVT sales have slowed as in other foreign categories. Pricing has declined with lower raw materials, import cost and transportation in the U.S., our West Coast facility is increasing our production and our Georgia restructuring is being completed. And in Europe, we completed the restructuring of our LVT operations. We've implemented the change in our residential LVT to rigid and where sales are expanding, and we're improving our product mix and reducing cost to increase our profitability as we go through the year. That's specific to LVT. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: There hasn't been any announced actions against dumping on LVT at this point. That's the answer to the other question. 
Kathryn Thompson: Are you seeing competitive pressures just from lower-priced LVT hitting the market in Europe? Like additional? 
William Christopher Wellborn: I mean it's a very competitive environment, but the products that we are putting in the market tend to be at the higher end and are actually doing pretty well. 
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. That's helpful. And then I know that not to beat the commercial end market worse to death. But maybe pulling the string a little bit more and with the preponderance of mega projects. And one of the things the market focused on a lackluster ABI number that came out this week. But on the other hand, our industry contacts that we talked to point out that often large kind of mega projects aren't necessarily captured in that ABI number. 
 So channel checks are showing a better commercial end market versus what the ABI would suggest. Against the backdrop of these larger-scale projects. What does Mohawk do to get in early in the conversation. I know it's always a process. You've always said that done in the past, but this is truly a different period of time. How do you position yourself with these larger-type projects? And how do you -- kind of how do you win in this environment? 
William Christopher Wellborn: Well, I can just answer one thing on that, that in our carpet commercial and our ceramic commercial, we've got a lot of people that are calling on these commercial projects together and are sharing resources, and it works out really well and gives us an advantage. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're calling on the designers, the architects, the building owners and the contractors all at the same time. We are participating in the planning of the different projects and we've been able to position ourselves well in the marketplace. And our comment, I guess, are agreeing with you that it's holding up a little stronger than we anticipated but we still think it's going to continue to slow, and we're being aggressive in our calling on and offerings to the marketplace. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Laura Champine from Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: My question is on excess capacity. I think that you've quantified sort of ballpark running at 75% utilization in the not too recent past, where is that now? And where can -- how high can you -- how high would you like to get it with your current restructuring initiatives assuming volumes stay where they are today? 
Jeff Lorberbaum: The restructuring initiatives we've done, we're still in a 75%, 80% range. it should -- it also depends which period and quarter you're in. So as you go through the year, though, I think it's going to -- it should move up. And the question really is, when does the market get back and really change the dynamics. We tend to try to flatten our production out over the year to even it out to level it out as best we can. We haven't done anything that's going to dramatically change it the capacity utilization without the marketplace improvement. 
James Brunk: As we said on CapEx, really, our focus is more on the cost reduction and product innovation as we just complete the growth investments that we had talked about before. 
Laura Champine: I know that flexes back and forth, but do you find yourself becoming more or less vertically integrated, meaning are you extruding your own yarn? Are you doing less so with this cost inflation that you're seeing? 
Jeff Lorberbaum: It hasn't changed. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Kim from Evercore. 
Stephen Kim: Earlier in the call, I think you talked about the fact that your obviously targeting to get to a 10% operating margin and then look to take it further. But that 10% number just kind of was -- I just wanted to explore that a little bit. I was curious what kind of volume growth do you think is needed to reach that target on an annualized basis relative to kind of like where we are from where we are here? 
 Is it -- we're talking about getting like maybe 10% kind of volume growth from here. Just to kind of get some order of magnitude in your estimation? 
Jeff Lorberbaum: I'm not sure I have the number to give you. We have our models out for the next 3 years and we see ourselves reaching that with the different models we've done, and I don't recall the volume changes that are built into it. The timing, like you know, it's impossible to define the moment in time it changes, we think we're going to see some of it this fall, and we should see significantly more next year as we come out of this. 
William Christopher Wellborn: And Stephen, given how underutilized we are, as that volume moves up, we get a substantial benefit as it moves. 
Stephen Kim: Yes. I mean, clearly, I mean, that's the one thing, obviously, that's outside of your control. I mean, it sounds like you're doing everything you can certainly on the cost side and even on the product side. But at the end of the day, that's the part that the market is going to determine for you. And so -- but it sounds like you're looking for something fairly material. 
 I mean it's not like I mean, I threw a 10% type growth number out there that I didn't think that, that was unreasonable. Is that kind of in the ballpark of the kind of expansion off the bottom that you would see at a minimum? 
James Brunk: Yes. Stephen, the numbers that you're talking about are not unusual as you come out of a downturn, even if you go back to the last one, that first year, you get in kind of accelerated top in the sales as remodeling starts to come back, new home construction is stronger. So it's not unusual to get a multiyear benefit from the rebound before you get more back into a normal growth, which in flooring could be GDP plus type numbers. 
Stephen Kim: Yes, exactly. Okay. Well, that will be fun to watch. Second question relates to Flooring Rest of World specifically, I'm looking at the margins there. And in each of the past 3 years, your margins have declined from the first quarter, which was the highest actually to the second to the third to the fourth, it was actually kind of a steady decline. And then even further back, typically, the margins are stronger and certainly in the front half than they are in the back half. 
 Just wondering, are there any structural factors that you can call out maybe the vacations as part of that. And is there any reason to think that 2024 would track differently from that recent trend where we've seen just sequential declines in margins? 
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, in Europe, you're correct. When you come out of the you tend to ship a little more going into the third quarter because of the vacations, both us and our customers, the vacations last 2, 3 weeks, which, in many cases, we shut down the entire factories then you hit the fourth quarter, which you have the Christmas vacations in addition to which. So both of those things caused the second quarter to be a peak. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Reid from Wells Fargo. 
Richard Reid: I wanted to dig a bit deeper on pricing, particularly in the U.S., but perhaps ask it from a slightly different vantage point. So can you walk through some of the differences that you might be seeing by channel. So for instance, are there any deviations in price dynamics that you've been seeing more recently, say, between the independent retailers versus the home centers? 
Jeff Lorberbaum: In general, the retail business is under a lot of pressure. You have the home centers that, in general, have a lower income level buying on average from our specialty retailers. So they've been impacted more than the other channel at this point. 
William Christopher Wellborn: And I would say, overall, like particularly in ceramic, the one that's been off the most has been the remodeling, which not only affects the home centers like Jeff said, but it -- it's also one of our higher-margin businesses that's been under pressure. 
Richard Reid: No, that makes sense. And then maybe switching gears, just quickly talking tile here. Your Tile Delta business had a pretty impressive display at the Kitchen and Bath show this year, at least I was impressed by it and that was in Vegas, obviously. I wanted to see, though, any wins that you've gotten from that event or kind of any feedback? Just sort of curious kind of what the outcome was there. 
William Christopher Wellborn: I think we had a really good show. And if you just talk about U.S. ceramic, the new construction and commercial improved as we expanded our distribution. Our price and mix have been negatively impacted, but we've done a lot on new innovative and higher-margin products that are gaining traction and partially offsetting these price declines. 
 So there's been a lot of work in our ceramic business in the U.S., particularly to improve our product mix, and I think it's paid off. And we've taken some market share from the high-end European with a cost higher and we've also been able to expand in some of the builder channels as our service levels were better than the imported products coming in. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research. 
Eric Bosshard: Yes, 2 things, if I could. First of all, what was better than expected in the quarter? I think the earnings were a little bit better and even the 2Q guy is a little bit better than consensus. I know that's not your number. But what's better than expected? 
Jeff Lorberbaum: So the first quarter results were better because we had greater benefits from restructuring and productivity. We had declines in input costs that he went through a minute ago, offset the lower pricing and mix. The weaker sales did result in more unabsorbed overhead, which we had expected. Floor North America improved the most, but it had the most easier comps from the group. And then the rest of the world piece we keep reviewing that the panel business really did the margin step change from last year and as the industry volume declined. And anything else you want to add, Jim? 
James Brunk: No. The commercial channel, again, keeps outperforming residential at this point. But as Jeff said, probably the biggest gains for the quarter were around the productivity that the segments through us. 
Eric Bosshard: And then secondly, the optimism going into the second half, what are you seeing in the business now? You talked about North America price mix I guess, eroding a bit incrementally into 2Q. What are you seeing within your business now, the results March or even April that is improving and kind of informs that second half optimism? 
Jeff Lorberbaum: And we're seeing the normal seasonality improvements through the first quarter and going into the second that we would expect. And we don't have any definitive information that you don't have. 
James Brunk: Yes. And we'll continue to watch certain signs. We look at indicators like consumer confidence. Obviously, we've talked about interest rates, but also discretionary spending and continued monitoring the housing starts as well as new build has been stronger through this cycle along with commercial. Most people are anticipating the remodeling business coming off the bottom. 
 It's been so low with people postponing it, and we're assuming we're going to see some benefits from that also. So we anticipate volumes really across the business to start to pick up at least in the low single-digit area. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: One other thing. Last year we reduced inventory substantially. We don't have to do that again. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll be concluding today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Jeff Lorberbaum for any closing remarks. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: Long term, the category will rebound from the downturn as it always has. We're well positioned on our products and markets to enhance our results. We appreciate you for taking the time and joining us. Have a good day. Thank you. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. We do thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-09 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to James Brunk. Please go ahead, sir.
James Brunk: Thank you, Rocco. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor call. Joining me on the call are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we will update you on the Company's fourth quarter and full year performance and provide guidance for the first quarter of 2024. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. I'll now turn over the call to Jeff for his opening remarks. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Jim. Our fourth quarter results were ahead of our expectations, with net sales for the quarter of approximately $2.6 billion, down 1.4% as reported or 4.1% on a constant and legacy basis. Lower demand in residential remodeling and new construction continued to impact our results. Our adjusted EPS for the quarter was $1.96, with benefits from cost containment, productivity and lower input costs. Pricing and product mix declined offset by lower raw material and energy costs during the quarter. Foreign exchange had an impact of approximately $22 million on operating income, or $0.27 on EPS. Turning to our full year results. Mohawk's net sales were approximately $11.1 billion, down approximately 5% as reported or 7.7% on a constant basis with adjusted EPS of $9.19. Last year, interest rates increased creating challenges for our industry, which is highly sensitive to rate fluctuation. Even though we have a diversified geographic footprint, all of our markets were impacted by similar conditions. During '23, existing home sales declined substantially, remodeling projects were postponed and consumers traded down. New home construction was also constrained as rising interest rates and a weak housing market reduced home starts. Throughout the year, the commercial sector remained stronger than residential though investments began to slow as interest rates increased in lending types. These factors reduced industry demand across our business, creating unabsorbed overhead and shutdown costs. As a result, our industry reduced selling prices and we pass through declining cost in energy and materials. Under these conditions, we focused on optimizing our revenues and lowering our costs through restructuring actions and manufacturing enhancement. We aggressively managed inventory levels, which reduced our working capital by over $300 million, excluding acquisitions. We also invested in sales resources, merchandising in new products with innovative features to inspire consumers to purchase flooring. As we integrate our recent acquisitions around the world, we are investing to improve their operations and product offering. In 2023, we completed two acquisitions in Latin America that extended our position as the world's largest ceramic tile producer and solidified our leadership in the region. In the year, we focused our capital expenditures on product innovation and cost reduction, as well as product categories that should have the highest growth as the economy improves. In Europe, our porcelain slab and installation expansions are now fully operational, while in North America our premium laminate LVT projects are progressing. During the second half of this year, we anticipate completing expansion of laminate in Europe and quartz countertops in the United States. We closed the year with debt leverage of 1.5 times, free cash flow of $716 million, and available liquidity of $1.9 billion. We are retiring a term loan of approximately $900 million in quarter one, which has a higher interest rate. We are well-positioned to manage current conditions and emerge stronger from this economic cycle when the rebound occurs. Finally, in January, Newsweek recognized Mohawk as one of America's greatest workplaces for diversity. Our talented people are our most valuable asset and we are proud that our teams mirror the communities in which we operate. And now, Jim will provide an overview of our fourth quarter financials.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. Sales for the quarter were just over $2.6 billion. That's a 1.4% decrease as reported and 4.1% on a constant basis as price and mix pressures and unfavorable FX offset limited year-over-year volume improvement. Gross margin on an adjusted basis was 24.7% versus 22.4% in the prior year. The improvement is due to lower inflation, offsetting unfavorable price and mix along with increased productivity, partially offset by the impact of FX. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 18% on an adjusted basis, which was in line with the prior year. That gives us an operating income as reported of 6.4%. On an adjusted basis, 6.7% versus 4.5% in the prior year as lower inflation of $156 million offset unfavorable price and mix of $127 million as well as productivity gains of $57 million only were partially offset by unfavorable FX of $22 million. Interest expense for the quarter was $17 million. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 21.3% in the current year. We expect Q1 2024's tax rate to be approximately 21% to 22%, and the full year 2024 to be between 18.5% and 20.5%. That gives us an earnings per share on an adjusted basis for the quarter of $1.96. Turning to the segments. Global Ceramic had sales of just under $1 billion. That's a 0.6% increase as reported, or 4.7% decrease on a constant legacy basis, with all geographies seeing increased pressure in price and mix, driven by lower demand and decreases in energy costs. Operating margin on adjusted basis was 4.8% versus 7% in the prior year, due to unfavorable price/mix of $41 million, only partially offset by lower energy and material costs of $29 million. Unfavorable FX of $13 million and a reduced sales volume of $10 million accounted for the balance of the decrease in the year-over-year margins and were only partially offset by productivity gains of $17 million. Flooring North America had sales of just over $900 million. That's a 3.6% decrease as reported, as demand levels and tight budgets continue to pressure pricing and mix. Our commercial category outperformed residential led by the hospitality channel. In this environment, we are focused on new innovative products which are being well received and position us to take advantage of the pent up demand. Operating margin on adjusted basis was 6.9% and significantly ahead of the breakeven margin in the prior year, due to lower inflation of $73 million, especially in material costs, offsetting the weakness in price and mix of $37 million. Also benefiting our results were gains in productivity of $29 million. In Flooring Rest of the World, sales were just over $700 million for the quarter. That's a 1.5% decrease as reported and 4% on a legacy constant basis. Stronger volume in insulation, resilient and laminate were offset by continued price and mix pressures in all product categories. Consumer sentiment in Europe continues to be impacted by geopolitical events combined with higher interest rates, which is limiting remodeling activity and increasing the competitive environment. Operating margins on adjusted basis were 10.6% versus 7.7% in the prior year due to lower inflation of $59 million, offsetting unfavorable price/mix of $49 million. Productivity gains of $12 million and higher sales volume of $10 million also contributed to the year-over-year improvement in operating performance, only partially offset by unfavorable FX of $9 million. Corporate eliminations for the quarter were $11 million. And in 2024, we expect them to be approximately $43 million to $48 million. Finally, turning to the balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents were $643 million for the quarter with free cash flow of $56 million in Q4 and $716 million for the full year. Inventories were just shy of $2.6 billion, with total inventory reduction of approximately $300 million, excluding acquisitions with a reduction of eight days versus the prior year to 130 days. Property, plant and equipment were just shy of $5 billion with Q4 CapEx of $240 million and the full year at $613 million and D&A of $630 million. The company plans to reduce CapEx by approximately 20% to $480 million in 2024 with D&A of approximately $610 million. The balance sheet and cash flow of Mohawk remained very strong with gross debt of $2.7 billion and leverage of 1.5 times, positioning the company well for the market rebound. Now, Chris will review our Q4 operational performance.
Chris Wellborn: Thank you, Jim. In our Global Ceramic segment, industry volume remains low, which is compressing prices and margins. All of our geographies are experiencing similar competitive conditions and the industry passed through declining energy costs. We're managing our production to align with demand and have significantly reduced inventory throughout the year. To enhance our mix, we are introducing stylized products in large and small sizes, tailored to each market. To contain costs, we have increased productivity, reduced overhead and implemented alternative formulation. In the US, we are expanding our distribution through our local service centers and offering new collections with premium Italian styling to improve our product mix. We're expanding our quartz countertop business with innovative new introductions and increasing our participation in the retail kitchen, bath and DIY channel. We've integrated Vitromex in Mexico and Elizabeth in Brazil and are enhancing our sales, marketing and operational strategy. In both countries, demand significantly declined last year due to rising interest rates and slowing economic conditions which reduced our results. Combined with our legacy businesses, these acquisitions give us leading positions in Brazil and Mexico. In Europe, gas prices have continued to decline and are improving our competitive position. We are optimizing our recent expansion of premium porcelain slabs in Italy to meet growing demand in both the residential and commercial channels. In our Flooring Rest of the World business, our improved results in the quarter were driven by lower input cost and productivity gains, offsetting pricing pressure and foreign exchange. The European building product category remains under stress, with consumers remaining cautious and retailers reducing their inventory levels. We are investing in new products for 2024, while implementing tight cost control. We are reenergizing our flagship Quick-Step brand with interactive displays. We are completing the transition to rigid LVT and we have decommissioned our residential flexible line. As material and energy costs decline, we've reduced prices across our product categories in response to the competitive market. In insulation, we have recently experienced material increases and are raising our prices accordingly. Our wood panels performance has declined during the year from typically high pricing to a more competitive environment with excess capacity. We continue to implement restructuring actions and enhance our smaller bolt-on acquisitions in insulation, MDF boards, sheet vinyl, and mezzanine flooring. In Flooring North America, fourth quarter profitability improved significantly over last year with benefits from decreased input costs, restructuring, and productivity gain. Reduced market volumes led to low industry utilization rate and aggressive competition in the marketplace. We are continuing to invest in sales and marketing initiatives to expand our distribution and improve our long-term growth. To enhance our business, we are making capital investments to increase our differentiated features and lower our manufacturing costs. In each product category, we are introducing innovative new collections, which are being well-accepted. We have already begun installing our new displays with retailers around the country to accelerate the sales of these product launches. We have created the next generation of LVT with our SolidTech premier collection featuring new technology that enhances visuals with higher definition color and texture. We've also introduced a new flooring category called PureTech which is PVC-free. It is an alternative to LVT made from renewable polymer core that is waterproof and made with 70% recycled content. The commercial channel outperformed our expectation led by the hospitality sector. We are leveraging our customer relationships to expand our needle punch flooring and trim acquisitions. With that, I'll return the call to Jeff for his closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Chris. As we enter 2024, the industry is at a cyclical low and we expect quarter one seasonality to be more aligned with long-term historical levels. Our businesses are minimizing their expenses, reducing the overhead and restructuring to adapt to the present conditions. We are continuing to invest in innovative products to increase our sales and mix. We are reacting to competitive pressures to optimize our volumes as we pass through the declines in our input costs. We continue to manage our inventory and anticipate temporary shutdowns to align with demand. Our businesses are implementing initiatives to enhance our processes to reduce the impact of inflation. Given these factors, we anticipate our first quarter EPS to be between $1.60 and $1.70, excluding any restructuring charges. Over the past 18 months, we've initiated many actions across the company to improve our cost structure, manage our lower volumes, and integrate our recent acquisitions. We've closed four manufacturing facilities and a number of higher-cost production line, consolidated administrative functions and reduced overall headcount. When complete, these actions will collectively decrease our operating costs by approximately $150 million with about half of this already realized. Combined with our actions, improving industry conditions as we emerge from the bottom of the cycle should improve our results in the second half of the year. We anticipate central banks will lower interest rate, expanding home sales, residential remodeling, and commercial projects. The pace of improvement of the flooring category will be dependent on inflation rates, consumer confidence and the strength of home sales. We believe the US and Latin American markets should improve sooner than Europe given the current geopolitical pressures. Historically, remodeling activity has led the flooring industry out of downturns, followed by new home construction with commercial projects taking longer, given the time to plan and complete. After past housing recessions, our industry has expanded with increased sales and margins for multiple years. Housing remains in short supply across all our geographies and increased remodeling investments will be required to update that aging housing stock. Our restructuring actions, investments in new technology, targeted expansions and recent acquisitions will enable us to further expand our business. As the world's largest flooring company, we believe we are uniquely positioned to improve our results as the market recovers. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And today's first question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for taking the questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Susan Maklari: Jeff, maybe we could start out with, how you think about the cadence and the sequential lift for the business as we move 2024? How should we think about coming into this year at this cyclical low that you talked about? And where we can go to over the next several quarters? Do you still think that there's the potential for that second half lift that you talked about on the last quarter call?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's start with last year. The interest rates increased throughout the year and our business declined with lower investments in housing and commercial projects. This year, we anticipate the reverse to occur. We are starting with the industry starting out slower and improving with consumer confidence and interest rates throughout the year. The US mortgage rates have declined from their peak and Brazil has already started to lower their rates. We anticipate Europe to lag given geopolitical risks, energy prices, and slower economies in the rest of our markets. We believe the business will strengthen in second half from these improved results from last year. We should also see an improvement in product mix as remodeling grows, we expect an extended period of higher demand as the economy recovers and our investments in new products, cost reductions, and expansion project should benefit our future result.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then maybe digging into that a little bit more. When you think about the different economies globally and what's going on there relative to the segments of Mohawk segment, how do you think about what that could imply for, say, Flooring North America versus Global Ceramics or Rest of World, anything that you can give us just in terms of the different segments and how you're thinking about the opportunities there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Sure. The segments we see -- that we think we're going to see more improvement in Flooring North America and the Ceramic businesses with remodeling in each category leading the way, we think Europe will take longer to improve where they're going to be pricing pressures, continuing in more in the flooring and panels business in the other categories that we have.
Chris Wellborn: And we've kind of seeing in Europe, consumers have traded down given tighter lower budgets and the geopolitical crisis is further stressed in consumer confidence. But as the region recovers, we know we'll see improvement across our business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Just to remind everybody in Europe, they still have the higher energy costs, and the regulations make it a less dynamic marketplace, may get through. And then at the same time, their wages have increased more than the rest of the world impacting inflation.
Susan Maklari: Okay, that's great color. Thank you both, and good luck.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Phil Ng with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Phil Ng: Hey guys. Certainly, your business has been hard hit with rates being elevated on the R&R side. When it comes down, is the bigger driver we should be looking at is tied to housing turnover or rates coming down just kind of improving consumer confidence that it's going to drive demand. So just trying to gauge, what are the things that we should look at? And when we do see, and how quickly that could kind of unleash that pent-up demand?
Jeff Lorberbaum: In past cycles, it all starts with consumer sentiment. As it starts improving they start spending money on discretionary spending. And that then impacts the remodeling business, which the consumer as soon as they feel more comfortable about it can walk in the stores and start immediately. So that always starts it. The Central Bank's lowering interest rates then starts increasing the home resales, which is also a large part of that shows up in remodeling business, but it happens concurrently as you start. Then what happens is, with the lower rates, you have the builders start building more new homes and they start increasing. But just to remind you, they take longer because our products are putting almost right before they sell the home at the end. And then finally the piece that works is the -- you start planning commercial projects, but they take a longer time to complete and it works through one after the other.
James Brunk: And so Phil, you also have two key points. One is that in most of our geographies, new homes are really underbuilt so the inventory is low. And then, it's also an aging inventory so it's kind of in prime position as we start to come out for remodeling to increase which puts us in a very strong position.
Phil Ng: Okay. And then a follow-up, Jim. You guys have obviously done a lot on the cost front and pivot the portfolio into -- with some new products. When we think about the recovery in the back half going to 2025, is there a good way to think about the operating leverage of that business, whether it's volumes or just top line more broadly from a drop-down standpoint?
James Brunk: Well, a couple of things are important there. So, you're right that utilization rates, which right now are anywhere between 70% and 80%, differing, of course, based on geography and business, is driving some shutdowns, which certainly impacted us in 2023. As we look at 2024, lower inventory reductions and improving volumes through the year should reduce that impact. And as you look further in terms of demand increasing, incremental margins could be anywhere from 25% to 35% depending on segment and the product category, and also whether you're in the premium or more in the commodity product line.
Phil Ng: Okay. I appreciate the color, guys.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Eric Bouchard with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Eric Bouchard: Thanks. Two things, if I could. First of all, on the commercial side, Jeff, you outlined a path to improvement in the back half of the year. I assume that's more residential focused, especially because commercial has been better. What is the path you're expecting or we should expect for commercial to travel from here? And is there an incremental pressure that that applies to the business in 2024, perhaps into 2025 relative to 2023?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yeah. As we went through 2023 and the rates started going up, the commercial business slowed down. We expect it to continue to be slower. We think there is going to be a lag time between projects getting started, giving how tight the markets are for borrowing money, and the costs of borrowing money. And then what I described earlier was when the interest rates start falling, the projects will come in, but then the time it takes to start them before we actually feel it could be a year to a year and a half or more.
Eric Bouchard: Okay. And so, within this, the path for revenue growth for Mohawk, if 25% of the business is Europe and 25% of the business is commercial, I'm just trying to get a sense of the improvement in rates in US residential, at the same time, those are lags or incremental lags. Can the revenues of the business grow in that type of an environment, or do you need to wait for the commercial to recover before the total company can generate revenue growth?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're expecting the growth in the residential business to offset the decline in commercial, and so to have a growth in it even though the commercial is weaker.
Eric Bouchard: And then the second question, the CapEx change in 24 versus 23. Can you just dig into that a little bit? What are you doing less of in 24? What did you do more of in 23? Just give us a little bit of perspective on that decision?
James Brunk: Sure. As I noted in prepared remarks, our forecast for 2024 is about $480 million. About 50% of that is going to be focused on cost reductions and product innovation. 20% will be to complete the growth initiatives that we've identified around laminate, quartz countertops, LVT, porcelain slabs, and insulation. And then about 30% is for maintenance and other items in the year.
Eric Bouchard: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Stephen Kim with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Stephen Kim: Yeah. Thanks very much, guys. First question, I guess, could you talk a little bit more about the pricing dynamic? Maybe give us a sense for how it's -- if it's varying at all across product or market? I gather, in the US, particularly in ceramic, it seems like you've got some pressure coming from imports, but I was wondering if you could just sort of contextualize that sort of across your portfolio the pricing dynamic specifically?
James Brunk: So, what we believe is that pricing is generally at the bottom, more near the bottom, and so you should continue to see that trend through the year. From a comparable standpoint from year-over-year, you certainly still see the pressure. We anticipate, though, that lower material and energy basically to align with price and mix, and then other inflation items, such as wages and benefits and insurances and those types of items, to be more covered by productivity and restructuring actions. In the EU, Europe remains still weak with pricing pressures and lower production rates. But as Jeff pointed out, as we go through the second half of the year and that improvement should drive improved year-over-year results.
Stephen Kim: Okay. Helpful. [Technical Difficulty]
James Brunk: I'm sorry, Stephen, you're going to have to repeat that.
Stephen Kim: [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Mr. Kim, this is the operator. We're not able to make out what you're saying. I'm going to clear the question. If you can dial back in, we'll get you back in the queue, sir. Our next question comes from Timothy Wojs with Baird. Please go ahead.
Timothy Wojs: Hi, guys. Good morning. Just really had two questions. So the first one, maybe just a longer term or bigger picture question around M&A. Historically, Jeff, kind of coming out of cycles, there's been a little bit more kind of M&A activity in the flooring industry over the last couple of decades. I guess, how would you kind of characterize the opportunity around M&A as maybe we come out of the bottoming of this cycle? I mean, would that same kind of M&A opportunity be there today like it was over the last several cycles?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So, I don't know how to predict the future, but in the past, what's happened is that when you get with low margins in the businesses, that the expectations of the sellers are high and the expectations of the buyers are low and you can't get together. So, as you start coming out and the margins start going back up, it's easier to align with valuations. So, anybody who has wanted to sell or wants to get out, it typically comes as you're in the first couple of innings of the coming out of it, and I would expect the same thing is going to happen this time.
Timothy Wojs: Okay. Okay, good. And then just second question on the new kind of LVT formulations and lines. Is there any way just to give us an update on kind of what you're seeing with that and maybe any sort of kind of preliminary feedback or expectations for maybe what sales might look like there over the next several quarters?
Chris Wellborn: I can just comment that we're ramping up our West Coast production and our new extrusion process in Georgia. We've also got unique technologies to provide improved visuals and surfaces. And so, we've got a lot -- and we're also introducing a new renewable polymer core as an alternative.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So, it takes -- once you get the equipment running, you still have to align the sales with it, and it takes a while to get the -- you can't sell it before the equipment is up and running. So, it's coming up now and the sales are coming up and we would expect to fill it up as we go through the year.
Timothy Wojs: Okay. Any feedback preliminarily from the channel or is it just kind of too early?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's too early to tell exactly. We have -- we're gaining commitments to fill it up and we think we'll get it filled up as we go through the middle of the year.
Timothy Wojs: Okay. Very good. Thanks, everybody.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Keith Hughes at Truist. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Just a question more on the pace of business in North America. It's a weak volume in the quarter. Is the remodel market here to be bottoming out right now? Is there a way you can tell where the pace of business is going here in the short term?
Jeff Lorberbaum: All we can do is get feedback. One is, we know our own volumes. We get feedback from our customers of how they see it. They're all pretty optimistic at this point about next year getting better, but there's no way to actually measure where the piece is and what's going to change it other than the things that impacted our consumer sentiment seem to have bottomed. So that helps as people gets the higher prices on homes and things. There is people have been postponing it. So it really comes down to gaining confidence in the pieces and it's not that much different than the other regions, if you want to know the truth. They're all in similar places.
Keith Hughes: Okay. And then raw material, obviously, part of the quarter here. Jim will those numbers assuming input costs stay where they are now? Will those numbers continue to be a positive for you? And sort of how long -- how many quarters until they fade away?
James Brunk: You're right. They are they are starting to fade away, I anticipate that. Those continue to see lower energy and materials flow-through from a comparison standpoint, and at least through the first half of the year on a year-over-year basis in terms of raw material and energy, which kind of aligns with where price and mix are in that same time period.
Keith Hughes: So at a diminishing rate in the first and second quarter, is that a way to think about it?
James Brunk: Yes, because there is that much less to kind of flow out of the inventory through the P&L.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrew Azzi: Hi, guys. This is Andrew Azzi on for Mike. I appreciate you taking my question. Just one for me. As you think further out and all the initiatives you've been taking with cost actions and mix initiatives, all the things have been going on there, where do you think the margin perhaps in Flooring North America can get to maybe on a longer-term basis? And how does that compare to what we are seeing recently in the segment?
James Brunk: The margins in this segment are still low. As the plant utilization goes up, the stoppages of the plant, you're going to get decreased costs, you're going to get leverage on the SG&A, as it goes up as we are going to try to hold the SG&A barely flat and the volume goes up. So we will get leverage there and those things will expand the margins. And we think you'll see continued margin growth as it occurs over the next few years.
Andrew Azzi: Thank you. And then maybe also actually, in these investments in sales resources and merchandising, is there any way to like quantify the magnitude of those initiatives? Or is that more of a longer-term horizon?
James Brunk: Part of the magnitude is in the -- you can see it in the SG&A costs which relative to historical high we made conscious choices to maintain our sales organizations to continue investing in products, continue investing in merchandising in order to set us up for the long-term. So you can see it in the higher level of SG&A as a percent of sales, which will come down as the volume comes up.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And so as you see the pickup in the placement of samples and new materials in the marketplace and we strengthened in the -- through the second half as consumer sentiment if it improves, then that will position ourselves, as we go through the end of the year and into next year.
Andrew Azzi: Thanks a lot, guys. Good luck on the next quarter.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Joe Ahlersmeyer with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Yeah. Thanks very much, guys. Good morning. Jim, you are talking here about the price mix, sort of offsetting the deflation benefits that you're seeing. And then on the other side of it, the productivity sort of offsetting the other bad guys here. I mean, it sounds like you are to the place where you've been trying to get to, which is that improvement in EBITDA is just going to be a function of volume. And if we are talking about a back half improvement, it seems like maybe what you're suggesting is that we could see flattish EBIT in the front half, which you're already kind of guiding to on the first quarter and then EBIT up in the second half to potentially EBIT up for the year. Are you willing to kind of less that?
James Brunk: Yeah, I think that's pretty much in line, Joe, with what Jeff indicated. As the business strengthens, if in fact were correct through the second half of the year then it will be a volume-led story to improve the results from a year-over-year perspective, and then from a full year perspective.
Jeff Lorberbaum: This is a comment as the -- if the business picks up as historical with remodeling, the mix also improves because they sell better products to home homeowners.
James Brunk: And you also have the benefit, Joe, of more steady production and with that, you have less of the shutdown, which is that unabsorbed overhead, which also plays into the second half of the year as -- if volumes do indeed begin to improve.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Right. This was actually my second question on the shutdowns because it feels like you've had if we are just looking at the back half, that the most recent two back half they are sort of negative on negative, and the way I've always understood this is there are positives once you lap them. So if you're getting volume growth and you're lapping these that would kind of be a double positive. But just wondering kind of the timing around decision to improve production. Do you have to do that in anticipation of the improvement in demand in the back half, or is it more flexible for you?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Given the capacities we have, we assume we are going to flex it up as it occurs. So you won't build the inventories in anticipation of it. If we were running at very high levels, you'd have to build some of it beforehand, but we are not intending to.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: All right. Understood. Thanks. Good luck, guys.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Joe.
Operator: And our next question today comes from John Lovallo with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Lovallo: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. The first one is just around the comments on returning to normal seasonality in the first quarter. So if I look at 2017 to 2019 for instance, is it fair to assume that kind of low to mid-single-digit sequential improvement maybe in both Global Ceramic and Flooring Rest of World revenue and may be flat to slightly down revenue in North America? I mean is that the right way to think about it? And along those same lines, how do you think about sort of normal seasonality in segment margins from fourth quarter to the first quarter?
James Brunk: So if you look from a segment perspective in the first quarter, we believe Flooring North America margins should improve from last year with increased productivity and lower costs, some of which coming from the restructuring actions. Ceramic and Flooring Rest of World are more impacted by a lower mix or a weaker mix and lower volumes with Flooring Rest of World being impacted more given so much of its market right now is in Europe and lower prices and wood panels and the laminate categories compressing margins.
John Lovallo: Got it. Is that cadence that I mentioned in terms of revenue, though consistent with how you guys are thinking about it, low to mid-single-digit sequential improvement in both Global Ceramic and Flooring Rest of World? And may be flat-to-down in North America?
James Brunk: Are you speaking of just in the first quarter versus the prior year?
John Lovallo: Sorry. Sequentially, fourth quarter to first quarter.
James Brunk: So fourth quarter -- why dont you
John Lovallo: We can follow-up.
James Brunk: Follow-up on that one.
John Lovallo: Sure, yeah, no problem. Second question is just on capital allocation. I know you guys mentioned paying down the $900 million term loan. Any thoughts on when you might get back into the market in terms of repurchases?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We haven't decided to do it yet. We can change whenever we determine at the short-term, we still see uncertainties in difficult financing conditions. We decided to pay off $900 million of debt in the first quarter. So we haven't decided to -- again, buying back stock at this moment.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Laura Champine with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Laura Champine: Thanks for taking my question. On the Flooring North America, we were struck with the 700 basis point year-over-year profit improvement. Given that sales were down 4%, I'm wondering if that is most fleet cost recapture or if there's something else really driving that? And then on the segment profitability for ceramic, I'm wondering how much of a hit that segment is taking from the acquisitions in Brazil and Mexico?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So, the -- in the Flooring North America, the earnings did improve from lower costs, offsetting pricing, restructuring as well as productivity gains in the period. Then we continue to invest in all these different marketing activities and new product collections to drive business. We think it's going to carry over into the first quarter and continue on with the margins.
Chris Wellborn: And, Laura, on the South America, both in Mexico and Brazil had dramatic increases in interest rates, which impacted the acquisitions and our base business. In that environment, we've done a lot to reduce the cost. We've got the businesses more or less fully integrated and the interest rates are starting to come down, which should improve those businesses a lot in the future.
Laura Champine: Got it. But any more granularity you can give me on how much the negative impact was on the acquired revenues to the margins in Q4?
Chris Wellborn: Well, the businesses are fully integrated. I expect that they are somewhat dilutive as the markets have slowed down and were underutilized.
Laura Champine: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Matthew Bouley with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Matthew Bouley: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking the questions. Just zooming into Global Ceramic, obviously, price cost was positive for the entire enterprise, but it was still negative in ceramic. Any color on how you're expecting price versus cost to play out sequentially into Q1 in ceramic? Thank you.
Chris Wellborn: Yeah. I'll comment on ceramic. So Q4 was in line with what we expected. Year-over-year, margins were impacted by lower demand, price/mix and FX. And then we also took extra production downtime around the holidays to manage our inventories. In that environment, we still were able to enhance our mix with new products. We reduced our cost and we've increased our productivity, and we also got those acquisitions integrated. You are seeing some decline in price/mix as the energy prices are coming down, and most of those have been passed along to the consumers.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And I would say sequentially, so from -- if that's what you're seeking in, from Q4 to Q1, I think you've seen a lot of that [bottoming] (ph) out, and it should actually slightly improve again sequentially.
Matthew Bouley: Got it. Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And then second one, obviously, you've gotten -- or you've announced a few cost reduction programs over the past year. Can you just sort of remind us of the magnitude of these cost reduction programs together? And are you kind of at run rate today in terms of those savings flowing through, or there's additional benefit to kind of accrue as we move through 2024? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So, we focused in the restructuring actions late over the last 18 months of trying to take out high cost assets, aligning our capacity, and implementing other lower cost processes really across all three of the segments. Collectively, there are about $150 million of cost reductions that we should garner from these actions. Almost half of that has been realized in 2023. So, you get the remaining portion to flow through 2024. Of course, you're seeing some of that in 2023 being offset by other factors. We'll continue to evaluate the current situation and take actions as necessary to continue trying to drive improved results.
Matthew Bouley: All right. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group. Please go ahead.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Tagging on the previous question, you're largely behind the bulk of cost cutting measures. But earlier in the call, you said that you don't know when -- you can't predict M&A. But that said, you can and we have plenty of public companies and private companies that can comment on their path for growth, including the balance more focused on organic growth and what the pipeline looks like for M&A. So, could you please comment on your thoughts on growth going forward, both from an organic, focusing on what products and geographies are greater focus, and then comment on just the flavor of the pipeline for M&A? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's start out with all the businesses are underutilized the capacities that we have. So, the goal is to drive the utilization of the present product categories and operations that we have as the business improved. On the other ones -- on the other product that we're investing in are the areas where before we went into this slowdown that were more constrained, and we're investing in those. Those include the LVT category, which we've -- in the process of changing the plants over and they should be filled up as we go through this year. We're introducing a new LVT renewable polymer core structure, that's going into the marketplace and being well accepted. In laminate, we're introducing new technologies and acoustics and durability to improve the use of those assets. Ceramic, we've putting products in that have differentiated color intensity, textures and three dimensional surfaces. Countertops -- but it's in every product category. So, the main objective is to use the assets that we own and drive them up as we go through. On the acquisition side, there are no pending acquisitions sitting at this moment that we're ready to close, is that we're always in the market to look at opportunities. But there's a large difference between buyers and sellers at the moment, which we discussed before. So, there's nothing immediate waiting to be closed at this point.
Kathryn Thompson: Any type of -- just in terms of -- from an M&A standpoint, is there a -- just a further clarification or confirmation in terms of geographic and/or product focus?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The -- was that an acquisition question or an investment question?
Kathryn Thompson: That's an acquisition question. It's an acquisition question.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We just -- in Latin America, we completed two acquisitions. They are basically fully integrated. And so, there's nothing more to do in those. Those managements are taking care of those. We have a number of bolt-on acquisitions that we're finishing up and improving that we haven't got all the benefits across the world, which we've gone through at earlier points. Those are going through. We really don't have a specific piece that we need to drive. I guess, if I had to pick one, we have our insulation business, which the insulation business is growing. So, I would say that investing in additional assets in it would be done sooner than other ones to expand capacities in an additional area. And then on the acquisition side, it's really more where do we find the right acquisition that fits in with a business. We prefer bolt-on ones, because of the advantages you get by putting them together. But we would go into new geographies if we found the right product and the right management to drive it.
Kathryn Thompson: Great. Thank you very much.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Adam Baumgarten with Zelman. Please go ahead.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey, good morning. Just, Jeff, to confirm, do you expect residential markets to outperform commercial in 2024? And if that is the case, would that have a negative impact on mix and maybe margins?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Built in our plans are a decrease in the commercial businesses, because what happens is you have the projects that were started a year to two years ago completing. As they complete, there's less being started. So, there's going to be a gap for a period of time. And then the mix. You're correct. The mix in commercial is higher. But we think it's going to be offset by gains in the residential business. And the mix in the consumer purchases in retail, which they buy higher quality products.
Chris Wellborn: You have to remember, Adam, when you say residential is kind of split, right, new construction, and remodeling as we've talked about as consumer sentiment improves, you should -- that leads to higher remodeling, more higher ticket items, which then leads to enough mix for our business. So that can be -- that can also help.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay, got it. And then just thinking about Flooring North America. Maybe just some color across the various product categories and where you're seeing the most pricing pressure? I know, I think it's pressure across the board, but maybe the degree across the various different products you selling in that business?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The whole category is under pressure as the volumes have dropped. As you would suspect in each category, the more commoditized products have more pressure than the differentiated ones. The carpets under pressure with both pricing and mix. The LVT prices have declined as the prices -- the import prices have come down, and there's also less volume being sold in the categories. So those might be a little worse than the others.
Adam Baumgarten: Got it, thanks. Appreciate it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Rafe Jadrosich with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Rafe Jadrosich: Hi, good morning. It's Rafe. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask if container rates have moved up recently? I'm wondering is that helping your business or reducing competition either in Europe or the US? And if container rates were continue to rise could that lead to less pricing competition on the LVT or ceramic side?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's first start out -- with imported products there's a long supply chain. So when the things move, it takes a while before it flows through into the marketplaces, and it has to be sustained for a while. So it's too early to tell. If they -- if the freight rates would move up and stay up it would flow through after the inventories were absorbed that are already in the market and the prices would rise. At this point, it's too early to decide if it's going to have any input and -- impact can be sustained.
Rafe Jadrosich: If container rates stay where they are today for the next quarter or two quarters, do you think that would start to have an impact to pricing and you'd see some price either stabilization or actual improvement?
Jeff Lorberbaum: What happened is, as you would suspect, it would have to flow into the cost of the product that would raise the prices and the prices in the marketplace will go up, and it would help our local manufacturing.
Rafe Jadrosich: Great. And then where do you compete most against imported product? Is that in the US, or is that in Europe and the context is, obviously, with some of the disruptions in the Red Sea? Does that, like could you Europe business start to benefit from fewer imports from Asia?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yeah. So from Asia, you have the imports in Europe would be, mostly LVT. Then you have the ceramic is moving where the most aggressive players are in India, is that, so those two would be the most on the other side, we do ship product around the world. We ship high-end ceramic all over the place. We ship vinyl to the Middle East and other marketplaces. So it impacts those limited ways.
Rafe Jadrosich: Thank you. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back to our Jeffery Lorberbaum for any closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you very much. We appreciate your interest in Mohawk. We believe we are well-positioned for the recovery that's going to come in the United States. Thank you for joining the call. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded and we thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone. My name is Jamie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Mohawk Industries Third Quarter 2023 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, October 27, 2023. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. James Brunk. Mr. Brunk, you may begin your conference.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Joining me on todays call are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we will update you on the companys third quarter performance and provide guidance for the fourth quarter of 2023. Id like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Jeff for his opening remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Jim. In the third quarter, our net sales were $2.8 billion, down approximately 5.2% as reported or 8.1% on a constant and legacy basis, in line with our expectations as our industry faced continued pressures across all regions primarily due to constrained residential investments and tightening of consumer discretionary spending. Our adjusted EPS for the quarter was $2.72 with our margins across the business benefiting from cost reductions, productivity initiatives and lower input costs. Our third quarter performance was seasonally impacted by vacations in Europe, which reduced our sales and earnings versus the prior quarter. Our lower material and energy costs offsets the decline in both price and mix. We also faced FX headwinds of approximately $20 million on operating income or $0.25 on EPS. We are managing our working capital and generated strong free cash flow of $385 million in the quarter and $660 million on a year-to-date basis. During the quarter, central banks around the world continued to raise interest rates to slow down their economies and reduce inflation. Their actions are affecting new construction and remodeling in both residential and commercial channels, postponing spending on new projects. In the U.S., mortgage rates have climbed to their highest level in more than two decades, which has suppressed the housing market and limited home renovation activity. In Europe, consumers are deferring large purchases such as flooring as a result of higher energy costs, inflation and uncertainty due to the war in Ukraine. Our industry faces a greater impact from these pressures than other sectors, given that most flooring purchases are deferrable. With the high fixed costs required to produce flooring, competition increases as the industry slows and participants attempt to increase their sales to maximize absorption. As a result, our average selling prices and mix have declined, with the impact partially offset by lower material and energy costs, restructuring benefits and process improvements. Expected housing sector recovery continues to be postponed and we are managing the business to optimize our results and cash flow until it occurs. We are taking actions to increase our volumes, while managing margins and operating expenses. We have launched differentiated collections, selectively introduced promotions and expanded our participation in the new construction channel. To further enhance our competitive position, we will shut down older ceramic production in Italy and we are converting U.S. rigid LVT production to a direct extrusion process. These restructuring initiatives will result in a non-recurring charge of approximately $55 million of which $50 million is non-cash. When completed, these initiatives should improve our profitability by $30 million annually by enhancing our productivity, lowering our manufacturing costs and optimizing our production flexibility. Our European expansions in insulation and porcelain slabs are currently in operation. Our U.S. premium laminate and LVT projects are continuing to start up. Expanded production in European laminate and U.S. quartz countertops should begin in the second half of 2024. As the integration of our acquisitions in Mexico and Brazil proceeds, we have consolidated the general management, sales and administrative functions while enhancing the companys product offering, operational efficiencies and customer base. While the Mexican and Brazilian markets are experiencing reduced demand and margins, we anticipate gaining additional benefits from our acquisitions as these markets recover. In September, we released our 14th Annual Sustainability Report and for the first time we provided Scope 3 emissions. Institutional Shareholder Services is right Mohawk is one of the top companies for environmental quality in the durable goods and apparels category. We have significantly exceeded our 25 goals related to decarbonization, waste reduction and water conservation. We are lowering our carbon footprint by using more recycled content, increasing our green energy production and expanding our product circularity. We recently received the Susan G. Komen Promise Award for our two decades of partnership in the fight against breast cancer. We have also formalized a Board of Directors selection policy as part of our ongoing commitment to diversity. To learn more, you can read the report online at mohawksustainability.com. I will turn the call over to Jim for a review of our third quarter financial performance.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. Sales for the quarter were just under $2.8 billion. Thats a 5.2% decrease as reported, 8.1% on a constant legacy basis. Higher interest rates and continued inflation has weakened new housing and remodeling activity, negatively impacting our global business with lower volume and price and mix pressures. Gross margin for the quarter was 25% as reported and excluding one-time items, was 26.6%, thats up 100 basis points versus the prior year, with lower input and energy costs exceeding unfavorable price and mix in the quarter, along with stronger productivity, only partially offset by lower volume and unfavorable FX. The actual detailed amounts of these items will be included in the MD&A of our 10-Q, which we will file after the call. SG&A as a percentage of sales was 19.9% as reported. Excluding one-time items, it was 18.1%. The dollar increase was primarily attributable to the impact of acquired businesses, investments in new products and marketing to drive increased future sales, unfavorable FX and higher inflation. The operating margin as reported was negative 26.5% and excluding charges was 8.4%, as the companys current market capitalization, along with challenging economic conditions and higher discount rates resulted in a non-cash goodwill and trade name impairment charge of $876 million in the quarter. Total non-recurring charges was $967 million, primarily related to the impairment of the goodwill and trade names, but in addition to further enhance our competitive position we will shut down older ceramic production in Italy and converting our U.S. rigid LVT production to a direct extrusion process. These actions should improve our profitability by approximately $30 million annually. Adjusted operating income was 8.4% as I noted. The year-over-year decline was primarily driven by lower sales volume and unfavorable FX, partially offset by the reduction in input and energy costs exceeding the impact of negative price and mix and increased productivity gains which were under pressure due to lower plant utilization. Interest expense for the quarter was $20 million. The year-over-year increase is due to significant rise in global interest rates. Other income, other expense was income of $8 million. Non-GAAP tax rate was 20.8% in the current year versus 17.9% in the prior year. We expect Q4 2023 tax rate to be approximately 17.5% to 18.5%. That gives us an earnings per share on an adjusted basis of $2.72. Turning to the segments, in Global Ceramic, sales were just under $1.1 billion. Thats a 0.5% decrease as reported and 6% on a legacy and constant basis. The U.S. business volume outperformed benefiting from our expanded positions in new construction and commercial channel in the quarter. Adjusted operating income was $88 million or 8% of sales, a decline versus prior year as the global slowdown in demand and pressure on price mix led to further temporary shutdowns, lower sales volume in addition to the impact of unfavorable FX, partially offset by improving productivity gains and restructuring actions. In Flooring North America, our sales were just over $960 million. Thats a decrease of 11.7% as reported and 12.2% on a constant basis, as higher interest rates and inflation continued to pressure discretionary spending across all print -- product channels. Adjusted operating income was $78 million or 8.1%. The operating margin was in line with prior year as lower input and energy costs offset negative price mix, partially offset by weaker volume and lower productivity due to underutilization of our plant assets in the current demand environment. In Flooring Rest of the World, the sales were just over $710 million. Thats a 2.6% decrease as reported and 5% on a constant basis, as the business has been impacted by low consumer confidence, higher interest rates, inflation and geopolitical events. The business in Australia and New Zealand and our resilient and insulation products held up the best in this environment. Adjusted operating income was $77 million or 10.9%. Our adjusted operating income margin expanded versus prior year as lower input and energy costs offset the weakening price mix, similar to Flooring North America, in addition to the benefits of green energy and fewer temporary plant shutdowns than the prior year, all partially offset by unfavorable FX. Corporate and eliminations were $10 million for the quarter in line with the prior year. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and cash equivalents were $518 million for the quarter, driven by strong management of working capital, our free cash flow grew to $385 million in the third quarter and they are standing at $660 million on a year-to-date basis. Receivables were just over $1.9 billion with a DSO of 59 days, which was in line with the prior year. Inventories were just over $2.5 billion. The year-over-year Inventory decreased $380 million, and excluding the impact of acquisitions, the decrease was $438 million, primarily due to a focused reduction in units, supported by lower year-over-year costs. Inventory days also decreased to 125 days from 131 days in the prior year. Property, plant and equipment was just shy of $4.8 billion with Q3 CapEx standing at $127 million with D&A of $150 million. Full year 2023 forecast includes the CapEx of just over $620 million at this point. And finally, gross debt was $2.6 billion, with leverage at 1.5 times adjusted EBITDA. This positions the business to take full advantage of the rebound that historically follows a downturn like we are experiencing today. Now, with that, I will turn it over to Chris to review our Q3 operational performance.
Chris Wellborn: Thanks, Jim. In Global Ceramic, our business outperformed due to our innovative product introductions and higher service levels. With this, we expanded our positions in the new home construction and commercial channels. Residential remodeling was slower due to lower home sales and postponed projects. Our investments in new decorating technology, polishing and mosaics are providing domestic alternatives to premium imported ceramic. We are expanding our sales to regional builders, as well as kitchen and bath retailers with our coordinated tile and countertop collections. To further expand our quartz countertop sales, we are introducing more stylized collections, utilizing tech -- new technologies that provide greater value. We have lowered our distribution cost by shipping more product directly from our plants and bypassing our regional warehouses. In our European Ceramic business, retail traffic and new construction are being affected by economic uncertainty. In Southern Europe where our business is concentrated, the economies are under greater pressure. Across all channels, low industry volume is creating more intense competition and we are responding with specific price promotions by geography and channel to gain additional sales. Natural gas prices have declined by 80% from their peak and we have reset our pricing to align with energy costs. While volumes have declined across most product types, sales of our premium porcelain slabs continue to grow and we are optimizing our recent capacity expansion. We continue to adjust inventory and production to align with changing market conditions. To contain cost, we have increased productivity, reduced overhead and implemented alternative formulations. In Latin America, we have reduced our cost structures to adapt to slower more competitive markets with Mexico being less affected. Our margins are being impacted by lower industry pricing, partially offset by declining energy costs. Inflation in both Mexico and Brazil is receding and central banks are beginning to lower interest rates in response with further reductions expected this year. We are integrating our acquisitions in both countries and making significant progress in executing our sales, product and manufacturing synergies. To increase our distribution, we are gaining customer commitments to expand sales across all channels and price points using the combined product portfolio. In each country we are utilizing the assets of our legacy business and acquisitions to broaden our product offering. We have completed the information systems conversion in Mexico and the system consolidation in Brazil will be completed by the end of the year, enabling further operational improvements. In Flooring Rest of World, our margins benefited from declines in energy and raw material costs, partially offset by lower price and mix. Sheet vinyl continues to outperform other categories as it provides a lower cost alternative and we have increased production to meet higher demand. With operational improvements underway, our Eastern European sheet vinyl acquisition is delivering higher style products and increased sales. Our laminate and LVT sales are under pressure in the softer market and we are introducing new products, merchandising and select promotions to optimize volumes. We have executed the restructuring to support the conversion of our residential LVT offering from flexible to rigid cores, which is positively impacting our results. We are pursuing additional flooring sales, reducing costs and aligning production with demand to manage the current conditions. Our panels business has slowed due to a decline in remodeling activity, construction projects and industrial demand. Lower industry sales are affecting both our selling prices and volumes. Our material costs are declining and we are also benefiting from improved productivity and green energy production. Sales of our higher margin HBO collections are growing as our customer base expands. Our sales and operational synergies are progressing in both our board and mezzanine acquisitions. Our insulation business position is positioned for longer term growth as governments require greater energy conservation for new construction and remodeling. Insulation is less impacted than our other product categories as consumers and businesses invest to minimize their energy costs. Industry pricing has declined, along with input costs with regional variation caused by new plants coming online. In the third quarter, our volume improved and our margins were in line with the prior year. In Australia and New Zealand, the industry slowed during the quarter and our sales in both countries were down slightly. Our results were impacted by mix pressure in the residential channels as consumers sought lower cost flooring options to maintain their project budgets. To increase sales and protect our margins, we are introducing enhanced collections across fiber categories, elevating the market of our high-end products and implementing targeted promotions to meet evolving demand. Commercial sales in New Zealand remains strong and our broad product offering is helping us secure larger specified projects. In our Flooring North America segment, pricing and mix were under additional pressure as competition increased across all product categories. The impact on our results was partially offset by lower input costs, restructuring and productivity initiatives. To expand our retail presence in all flooring categories, we continue to invest in both products and merchandising systems. We are increasing our participation in the new home construction channel with regional and national builders. Across the segment, we are implementing many projects to reduce costs, improve efficiencies and maximize material utilization. We are reengineering products with alternative materials and increasing recycled content. We have completed many of our restructuring initiatives to lower our cost and better align with current conditions. In residential carpet, to improve our mix, we are expanding our premium collections, which provide superior styling and features for the more discerning consumer. For the value conscious homeowners, we are increasing our environmentally-friendly recycled polyester offering. We have completed the integration of our non-woven flooring acquisition and are expanding their customer relationships. In resilient, our sheet vinyl collections continued to perform well as a preferred choice for budget oriented consumers. As an alternative to PVC-based products, we introduced a new resilient polymer core that is more environmentally-friendly and scratch resistant. In the third quarter, our imported LVT sales were disrupted by U.S. customs actions and to satisfy customer orders we substituted higher cost alternatives. We anticipate an increase in LVT inventories in the fourth quarter to improve service. We are continuing to ramp up our West Coast LVT production and the new extrusion process in Georgia. We anticipate both projects will be substantially operational in the first quarter. In addition, the proprietary technology we are implementing in these plants will enable us to introduce unique styling and features to the market. We are expanding our distribution of laminate in the retail and builder channels, our RevWood collections are being more widely accepted as waterproof flooring alternative with superior visuals. Our new laminate product launches have been well received as consumers seek premium visuals at accessible price points. We are offering selective promotions to improve volumes in a soft market. Our trim and stair accessories business is growing as we broadened the range of our re-patented products across all channels. Though U.S. commercial activity slowed in the quarter as financing became more difficult, our commercial performance is holding up better than residential, led by the hospitality sector. Our carbon-neutral product collections with industry-leading recycled content provide superior performance and design options to architects and designers. Our EcoFlex ONE carpet tile technology is gaining rapid adoption in the specifier community due to its acoustics, comfort and ease of installation. We are expanding the sales and distribution of our recent flooring accessories acquisition through our existing commercial partners. Our business development group has leveraged our product and service advantages to cultivate new relationships with major retail, healthcare, senior living and real estate development customers. I will return the call to Jeff for his closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. In the present industry downturn, we are managing the controllable aspects of our business while adjusting to regional market conditions. In all of our geographies, elevated interest rates and persistent inflation are restricting consumer discretionary spending, resulting in postponed remodeling projects and new home purchases. Similar pressures are beginning to reduce commercial investments as business sentiment declines. Competition for sales to utilize plant capacity is increasing in all of our markets and lower input costs should offset the impact. With enhanced products and merchandising, selective promotions and expanded participation in the best performing sales channels, we are maximizing our volumes while managing our margins and operating expenses. Across the enterprise we are implementing productivity cost reductions and restructuring initiatives to lower our expenses and improve our results. We continue to manage our working capital management to optimize our cash flow. We expect foreign exchange rates to continue to be an earnings headwind. Given these factors, we anticipate our fourth quarter adjusted EPS to be between $1.80 and $1.90, excluding any non-recurring charges. With this, our full year 2023 adjusted EPS should exceed $9. Historically, the flooring industry undergoes greater cyclical peaks and troughs than other building products due to its postponable nature. Our business fundamentals remain strong and we will benefit from significant pent-up demand when the industry rebounds. Given the aging U.S. housing stock, more than 80% of homeowners who responded to recent JPMorgan surveys indicated they are planning renovation projects in the near-term. In addition, after years of construction trailing demand, substantial new homebuilding will be required for many years to come. Commercial activity will expand as the economic outlook improves. As the worlds largest flooring provider, Mohawk is well positioned to capitalize on these opportunities. We will now be glad to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Matthew Bouley from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Matthew Bouley: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Did I hear you correctly that the reduction in input costs actually exceeded the decline in price mix during the quarter? I guess, correct me if I misheard that. But how do you anticipate price mix versus cost to play out into 4Q and perhaps any early thoughts on 2024 there? Thank you.
James Brunk: Thank you, Matt. Yeah. Let me frame that. So the cost started gradually falling in late 2022 and it takes usually three months to six months to flow through our P&L. In Q3 and I will provide some numbers here that will also be in our 10-Q, lower costs led by material and energy totaled $112 million, offsetting the weaker price mix of $106 million. Now sequentially, cost declined $65 million, exceeding the lower price mix of $29 million. In the fourth quarter, we would anticipate lower costs should continue to flow through the P&L.
Matthew Bouley: Got it. Okay. Thats super helpful. Thank you for that, Jim. Then, secondly, you mentioned, maybe zooming into Europe and natural gas and ceramic there specifically, I know you mentioned, certainly the costs have come down quite a bit from the extreme levels last year, but now European natural gas seems like its creeping higher again clearly in a market that seems like its a little more competitive. So, how do you anticipate specifically cost and price playing out in that market, European ceramic? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, the -- you are correct that the cost for gas has come down a lot, but in Europe, the business continues to face pressure with declining retail traffic and new construction. We are responding to conditions with promotions and we also have premium slabs continue to grow and we are optimizing our new slab line. We are also initiating restructuring actions to eliminate older assets and improve our cost and utilization. And then we will just have to see how the gas levels out, its definitely a lot lower than last year.
Matthew Bouley: All right. Thanks guys. Good luck.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Lovallo from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
John Lovallo: Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my questions. Maybe just following up on Matt there, did the lower material and input costs offset the declines in price mix across segments in the quarter. I am more curious, I guess, about Global Ceramic there specifically. And then as we move into the fourth quarter, how should we think about margins by segment, is there anything outside of normal seasonality that we should consider there.
James Brunk: Well, in the quarter, the lower material and energy offset price mix in Flooring North America and Flooring Rest of the World. As Global Ceramics still has some higher cost material that is flowing through, it should kind of complete hitting the P&L in the third quarter.
John Lovallo: Got it. And then any factors we should consider on margin in the fourth quarter outside of sort of normal seasonality?
James Brunk: No. If you look at the fourth quarter, we still have elevated interest rates and inflation, we anticipate constrained discretionary spending with postponed remodeling and home purchases. Remember, obviously, its seasonally slows due to the holidays. Margins are expected to be higher than last year with greater pricing pressure and increased shutdowns. We do anticipate lower input costs, as I noted, and we should be continuing to implement productivity and cost reductions, and dont forget, foreign exchange, we anticipate will continue to be a headwind in the quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The higher volumes in the quarter deleverage the margins as we pick up later, sorry, thats not this quarter. In the quarter, you have got it right, I am sorry.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thank you. And then as a follow-up, the $620 million in full year CapEx implies a pretty good step-up I think around $250 million in the fourth quarter. Is that just timing or is there anything going on there in particular that we should consider?
James Brunk: Its really timing. As we end the quarter, in terms of 2023 -- between 2023 and 2024, our focus continues to be investing and optimizing the future of the business with the growth investments that we have talked about really making up $200 million to $250 million. Of that maintenance CapEx would be another $250 million and then the balance of that budget for the year are on cost reductions, product innovation and acquisitions.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Ahlersmeyer from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Hey. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: A couple of peers of yours have offered some early assumptions on residential U.S. end-markets into next year, might call it a flattish outlook on balance. And for simplicity, lets just maybe take the international markets aside for a second and the commercial as well and just talk about North America residential across your segments. Question is, I guess, do you agree with that assessment that the market could be relatively flat next year within that and what the sources of upside and downside to that might be?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We look forward at it or the flooring industry has actually been in a downturn since mid-2022. We believe that we are going to see an improvement in the middle of the year as inflation moderates and financing improves. When these occur we think consumer confidence will improve and the industry has started to get better. So we see the first half basically as a continuation of where we are with improvement as we go through the year and then depending upon how strong when it occurs, we will determine what the volume is versus this year.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Thats very helpful. Jeff, appreciate that. So maybe a -- seemingly a follow-up here. From late 2020 to early 2022, you bought back $1.4 billion of your stock, around $170 a share, even stretching there where you are buying it at $200. You stopped buying it back last March and I know there was cash flow softened, you are investing in CapEx and you had some maturities in there. But on several calls now and especially on this one you are talking about the health of the category, your competitive position not having changed much. So just how might an investor who is the incremental buyer of your stock today reconcile that sentiment with seemingly the hesitancy around buying back your stock right now?
Jeff Lorberbaum: At the moment, theres still a lot of economic uncertainty in the world. The financing conditions are still difficult, theres regional conflicts that can affect everything. So we believe that at the moment having excess capacity is preferred. But we are continuing to review it and would consider buying stock as our visibility improves from where it is today.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: All right. Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
James Brunk: Good morning,
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Susan Maklari: Jeff, maybe just building off of Joes question, as you think about 2024, you are going to go into the year with some excess capacity. I know you mentioned that you think the market can improve in the middle of the year. But how do you think about the companys specific efforts that you detailed in your remarks around cost cutting in new products and how those will be layered in over the course of 2024 and what they could mean for Mohawk?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Lets say, as we look through it, higher volumes as we go and the business improves, we will leverage the SG&A overhead and the productivity will all improve. We expect improvements in the average selling prices as margins expand. Customers start trading up and buying better product will also see benefits from the restructuring and take-outs that will come through when all that occurs. And then in addition, we have multiple acquisitions we have done recently. Those have also been compressed. Those will also -- the volume will come up and we expect them to significantly help our performance. And finally, the investments in the growth areas will add to our sales ability as we come out of this. So as we think through the whole thing, we see the margins expanding significantly as the business improves.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thats helpful color. And then, as part of that, you have mentioned the macro in some of these markets, especially some of your newer markets is hopefully maybe taking a bit of a turn for the better next year. As you think about the opportunities in some of those areas and those categories, anything that is interesting to you that we should be thinking about over the next year and a half or so?
Jeff Lorberbaum: If you look at Latin America, in this cycle, they actually raised rates more aggressively than the rest of the world and further. So we are actually starting to see them starting to lower rates and we think there could be significant rate decreases in Mexico and Brazil even this year. So those things -- they might come out of this earlier than others. Business in Australia has held up better for us. There is a less competitive environment in the marketplace and we have been able to hold on to margins a little better. Europe is really difficult to know whats going to happen. The consumer confidence remains low and its going to take something to help it move. And different than the United States and Europe, the average worker got much higher increases. So they covered more than inflation and we do. So its really a confidence issue in Europe.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you for the color and good luck with everything.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Susan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Kim from Evercore. Please go ahead with your question.
Stephen Kim: Yeah. Thanks very much guys. I appreciate all the color you gave -- given so far. Jeff, you have laid out pretty clearly in both your press release and what you have said today. The factors that drive your business to be rather cyclical. Right now you have got a lot of challenges that are coming from all quarters, with competitors try to leverage their fixed costs in a tough market and drive pricing and all that. And then also on the way up everything gets better. I think you just were talking about with Susan. More broadly, my question is, how important is it to you to drive changes in your business that may deliberately reduce this embedded cyclicality in your business over the longer haul?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, the cyclicality is based on the -- they are really two things, one is, how sensitive we are to interest rates, and then the other part is, these high capital fixed cost that the industry, including our company, our competitors and we tend to move up and down trying to minimize these things. I think if you are going to stay in the industry its part of it as if. Now we are getting into other things like the insulation business that we are in Europe. It doesnt have as much -- the fixed costs are much less for instance and the margins hold up better in it. So we are in different business and different categories that react differently today.
James Brunk: And remember, as these are not purchases that are canceled. These are deferred. So, if you see a pent-up demand and with the aging stock of housing, and as Jeff said in prepared remarks, the building just being behind, the need for housing, we feel like we are in a great position over that mid to longer term.
Jeff Lorberbaum: For the first two years or three years after this thing is over, the pent-up demand for houses -- for housing, for improvements and remodeling that hasnt been done, we dont lose it, it just comes back later.
Stephen Kim: Yeah. Yeah. Theres no -- I certainly agree that there is a somewhat longer term rebound on the way. And so getting to that, I think, you are -- I think Joe was asking about the timing of a rebound or maybe somebody else, but you talked about it with the U.S. I think you said you are looking for -- you are bracing for a tough one first half next year, you think by midyear its going to materialize. Lets say, you are right and it does actually start to materialize by midyear. I am curious how you are planning to run your -- carry your inventory levels. I think of relatively higher levels of inventory as being something that leads to strong service levels as soon as demand rebounds and I am curious as to whether you are planning around inventory in the U.S. particularly is going to be such that you sort of like to build inventories or carry higher inventories than maybe normal in anticipation of wanting to try provide strong service levels maybe at the beginning of 3Q. And then also could you just broaden your view beyond the U.S. to, lets say, Europe and LatAm. Do you similarly think midyear next year is when we may see a turn?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Lets start with the first part. The inventory levels are based on two things, one is what the market is and other is in our ability to respond. Given the low volume rates we are at presently, we have a significant upside in capacity to react to it and so we probably wont build much inventory until we see it coming and then we think we have the ability to utilize the capacity that we already have to solve it to satisfy it as it goes up. On the other side, the different regions. I think that is possible, Latin-America will come out of this first and then Europe is a little hard to know. I would guess Europe may trail, the U.S. If I had to pick Latin-America may come out of it earlier, U.S. in the middle and maybe Europe a little later, would be my present guests, but we will have to see how it evolves.
James Brunk: And Stephen, one thing
Stephen Kim: Okay.
James Brunk:  on your regional question is, well, the restructuring actions that we are taking, part of that is to lower -- permanently lower our cost structure which then does help us in good times and bad.
Stephen Kim: Okay. Yeah. It makes sense. Thanks very much guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Hughes from Truist. Please go ahead with your question.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Question on the -- you changed your LVT product rigid to direct expansion, in terms of the direct extrusion. Can you talk a little bit more about that, what kind of cost savings and how long its going to take to do the conversion?
Chris Wellborn: Yeah. Keith, our Georgia rigid production is presently being converted to direct extrusion to lower our costs. We are also installing new technology in both plants that will provide unique styling and features and these changes will give us more flexibility to ship the products from both the east and west plants and we will have savings of more than $20 million annually when its executed.
Keith Hughes: And it -- will this change all of your rigid LVT production to this method versus the partial conversion?
Chris Wellborn: No. It will all be changed to this.
Keith Hughes: Okay. And does -- what -- does this drive just more efficient machine time or how do you get the savings from it?
Chris Wellborn: Well, we are changing from a heated press technology to an extrusion process and this allows for a lower cost formulation and its just currently in the startup phase. We should be substantially operational in Q1.
Keith Hughes: Q1. Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Phil Ng from Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Phil Ng: Hey, guys. Energy prices have kind of bounced off the bottom. Are you starting to see any upward pressure on your input costs more broadly? I know its somewhat tied to oil, presumably theres a lag. And have you started seeing your price mix in your different respective business stabilize here or there is still some pressure as we kind of look forward?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Lets see if we can answer it in few different ways. One is, we think that the material costs have probably bottomed at this point, as well as theres a good chance maybe the pricing is also maybe bottomed, but we will have to see. As the oil and energy prices go up, is that -- the basic cost of it, but also supply and demand. So I am not sure how its going to actually flow through given the low demand of the industry and categories using the different chemicals, it may take a little longer for it to flow through this time than normal. Usually, as we come out of the recession, what happens is, the demand goes up and then the chemicals have to recover their margins as it goes through and when that occurs we have to pass through the increase in costs as it goes -- as it happens.
Phil Ng: Okay. Thats helpful. And then a few more questions on LVT. With the investment you are making in extruding side and with Mexicali coming online early next year, how does your product stack up from a cost and quality standpoint versus imports coming out of Asia? And does your LVT manufacturing business now at this point, early next year stack up from a margin standpoint versus North American Flooring, is it accretive, neutral, still a headwind? How should we think about all those things?
Chris Wellborn: Let me see. We -- first of all, we think the new products that we are coming out with in the LVT are going, especially the high-end, we are going to be definitely competitive with imports.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The pricing has declined substantially to import prices with both lower freight, as well as lower material costs. Our U.S. manufacturing costs are also coming down with it. We still have other things going on like service disruptions from China, given the U.S. in different pieces and so next year our margins should expand and we expect the profitability of the business to improve.
Chris Wellborn: And we also introduced a new resilient polymer core thats environmentally-friendly with superior scratch resistant, thats doing really well.
Phil Ng: Okay. And some of the friction, you mentioned in terms of imports coming in from Asia, how does that position Mohawk, especially as you ramp up some of those domestic capacity. Is it a good guy or just broadly your cost goes up, because at the end of day, you are still importing from Asia, maybe not directly from China.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The combination of both, as you would suspect, the lower cost we are getting through with the imports that we do. We are also getting lower cost here is the material costs fall, energy prices here fall also. On the other hand, competition is increased with the lower volumes and pricings come down.
Phil Ng: Okay. I appreciate all the great color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Andrew Harvey: Hi, guys. This is Andrew Harvey on for Mike. Thanks for taking my question. I appreciate you guys show yourself in your press release. I just wanted to ask maybe from a pricing standpoint, any markets in particular that you have concerns for that prices will fall more significantly or maybe even vice-versa.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Most of the markets, as a matter of fact, all the markets we are in, the pricing has declined. You have a combination of the cost of the material is coming down, the energy price is coming down and there is unabsorbed overhead that we have talked about the industry. So the pricing has come down. The question is, is it at the bottom today and/or will it go down or not. We think it may be at the bottom as we speak, and as things improve going forward, we think that there will be pressure must-see once the industry improves to increase the material prices from our supply base and we will react to that when it occurs, but thats usually after the industry does. At the same time, you have the world events with oil and gas and how that affects everything, that one is anybodys guess, we just have to react to it.
Andrew Harvey: Thanks, Jeff. I guess in terms of lower input costs and energy costs, are you seeing any further sequential declines into next quarter and maybe any thoughts on next year and how quickly pricing has been aligning with energy crisis?
James Brunk: Well, again, from a total material and energy costs, in the fourth quarter versus the prior year, we should continue to see the positive impact of the flow through to the P&L offsetting the lower price mix. Thats from a year-over-year perspective.
Andrew Harvey: Thanks. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Baumgarten from Zelman. Please go ahead with your question.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey, guys. Just one from me. Good morning. Just wondering if the recent [inaudible] carpet payment terms and the removal of some of the discounts you guys have historically had as an industry will have a positive impact on the Flooring North American segment going forward?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The industry has changed some of the terms within it. Depending upon where you are, it has helped the margins a little bit. We are staying aligned with our customers in many cases and we have -- we didnt try to push through an increase like some of the other guys did. So we are trying to use it to improve our position within the customers.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group. Please go ahead with your question.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi. Thank you for taking my question today. Just focusing on the commercial end-markets, we looked at some resi focused stocks traded better on less bad news this year, early this year and then you have past for this week you had more commercial focused sewing manufacturer also trade up on less bad news in the commercial space, relatively less bad news. What are you seeing in terms of your pipeline of your business in North America with commercial end-market and what have you done to shift your business and focus towards certain end-markets that are performing relatively better than the traditional office and retail? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Commercial business is holding up better than the residential business. We are seeing softening in the marketplace in different categories. The ABI Index which predicts the new parts coming online is showing declines. So as in other recessions, typically a year-to-year and a half later, the commercial start softening as the commercial projects finish up. So we are starting to see that. On the other hand, in commercial you have a much more differentiated product offering. So the pricing is more resilient than it is in the residential business and different categories, government, senior care, hospitality, restaurants are all doing better and we are emphasizing our participation in those.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. Yeah. I have a full understanding of the timing difference between residential and non-res, it was really -- it was helpful to some extent, but just we are getting a better understanding of that mix shift for you and now, certainly, importantly, what does it look like going forward because, for instance, we are having industry contacts you are saying, listen, we are starting to see projects being not just postponed, but canceled, but we are able to shift mix to adjust. One other follow-up question, as you have obviously made a lot of efforts over the past trailing 12 months to right-size operations and to make various restructuring charges, but stepping back and looking at the bigger picture, from a long-term standpoint what is the industrial logic for having the global footprint, as you mentioned, the business going forward. Whats the argument for keeping the global footprint as it is currently? Thanks very much.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The global footprint allows us to participate in the same categories across the world. It allows us to leverage the knowledge of what we can do with product innovation, styling design, distribution concepts in order to optimize the businesses. In the businesses that we have such as ceramic, we used the technology -- we have different businesses that are in high, medium and low, the high ones lead it and then it flows down through to the other ones to help us increase our mix and distribution in the business. In different businesses we get into, we can help, if they are strong in residential, we can help them show to how to maximize their commercial business. We have other categories that we get benefits out of just the processes, running warehouses and distribution, information systems. So theres a lot of synergies that you can do to help the acquired businesses.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Truman Patterson from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Truman Patterson: Hey. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for taking my questions. First, whenever I am looking at the fourth quarter EPS guidance sequentially versus 3Q, it implies a bit worse than normal seasonal decline. I am just hoping you could help us discuss from a high level, the buckets that got worse throughout the quarter that really led to that guide. And then also I believe you mentioned Brazil, Australia, but are there any areas, product categories, pricing, et cetera, where you are perhaps seeing some stability, if you will?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You covered a lot of ground. Lets see if I can -- most of it. Starting out with the elevated interest rates and inflation are constraining the spending and its postponing the remodeling and home purchases. Our assumptions are that its more difficult in the period. You are also in the time where the seasonality. So theres more holidays. Given the control of the inventories and lack of need for manufacturing ahead, theres more shutdowns being planned in the period. We are assuming increasing pressure in commercial in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. The margins on a year-over-year are higher than they were, but we think theres still going to be this greater pressure and less covering the absorbed overheads as we control the inventories and working capital. We are implementing productivity and cost reductions, and then we expect the foreign exchange, our present assumptions are that its a similar headwind with what was happening in the third quarter.
James Brunk: Yeah. So sequentially, that gap that you are talking about, if you look back over time, from 2018 forward, you got mid-20% difference from Q3 to Q4. Its a little bit more this year and in our implied in our guidance. And Id say the additional shutdowns and the foreign exchange certainly are two headwinds that maybe a little bit unusual than prior years.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Another also differences, in normal years, we would normally fully inventory down in the end of the third quarter, the start of the fourth quarter and then be building back as we come out of the quarter. So we are not doing -- that didnt happen this year.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Thanks for that. And then just wanted to follow-up on kind of a prior question. You all have been generating a lot of cash flow this year, $2.6 billion in debt. It seems pretty manageable. And Jeff, I think you mentioned earlier that, that, perhaps you might not step into share repurchase today. I am just hoping you could discuss potential for M&A, any geographies or product categories of focus, as well as how you might balance that with your own current valuation of your share price, balance M&A in lieu of share repurchases?
Jeff Lorberbaum: First, before we get into the new M&A, we have the two recent acquisitions we have done in Brazil and Mexico which we are integrating and taking costs out. We have three or four bolt-on acquisitions that are also being put together with the business. All of those should give us significant upside as we come up and the volumes go up in the businesses. As we come out of this in the future, you are correct that the value of the business today allows to purchase a stock and give significant opportunity which will -- which we consider as soon as we make sure theres not another worldwide problem thats about to occur with all that events going on as we go through and then we will have to see what that looks like versus other alternatives that arise.
Truman Patterson: Asked another way, any M&A deals flowing across your desk, are those valuations more attractive than your current valuation for Mohawk?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The only businesses that tend to sell in this environment are ones that are seriously distressed and dont have any options as if these valuations, most companies dont do many -- dont try to sell their businesses.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laura Champine from Loop Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Laura Champine: Thanks for taking my question. You called out in your press release the negative impact on Europe from the conflict in Ukraine. Can you give us more information on the Russian business, what are your plans for that and is that business a material hit to earnings this year?
James Brunk: Well, the answer is no to that. But in Russia, we are all following -- we are following all the sanctions, we are adjusting our strategies to be -- to adjust to these more difficult market conditions. We are also leveraging our leading styling and distribution to maximize our sales in that market.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Remember, thats -- Russia is less than -- all the Russian businesses together are less than 5% of our business.
Laura Champine: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Bouchard from Cleveland Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Eric Bouchard: Hi. Thank you. Two things. First of all, Jeff, you have talked about this being the bottom of price and then a potential improvement in the middle of 2024. I am just curious what you are seeing in the business now that supports both of those thoughts?
Jeff Lorberbaum: First is the pricing decreases are following the material costs, the material costs we believe are at a bottom. So we believe that will change the pricing from falling significantly more going forward. And then what was the other part of the question?
Eric Bouchard: The second part was the comment about the first half being similar to today and then the path for improvement in the back half of 2024, what you are seeing in the business today that informs that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I guess that -- we dont have a crystal ball any more than you do. We are making the assumption that the present circumstances continue, we believe we have line of sight into the first quarter. After that, given the dynamics thats going on in the world that anything could happen.
James Brunk: What we are quoting there is theres numerous people that have come out and said that, you see some strengthening in the back half of the year. But again, you can get an argument going the other way as well. So its really one scenario, Eric.
Eric Bouchard: Okay. And then, secondly, the goodwill write-off is a component of that or I am just curious, the catalyst for this, is there some component of this relates to a reduced future earnings of the business or are there other dynamics that explain right after they start
James Brunk: It really starts. Yeah. Eric, it really starts with the volatility on the macro side. The higher interest rates, inflation, deterioration in the market conditions negatively impacted our business, which reduced our market capitalization. Then you go through an internal review of the stock price compared to that, it triggered the goodwill impairment that was required. Remember, thats a non-cash charge in the quarter and its across all the segments. There will be more detail for you to see in the 10-Q thats filed after the call.
Eric Bouchard: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rafe Jadrosich from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Rafe Jadrosich: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Thats great. The first thing I wanted to ask, just what are you seeing in terms of industry capacity, particularly in the U.S. Are you seeing other competitors start to pull back in any of the segments or are you seeing any foreign competition continuing to add capacity?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Across all the different categories, there have been capacity taken out of some pieces of the industry in different places and LVT over the past year, there have been some increases in capacity in the U.S. marketplace. What else was the rest of the question?
Rafe Jadrosich: Are you seeing any of the foreign competitors opening capacity in the U.S., is there any incremental capacity investments there and then are the domestic manufacturers reducing capacity on categories like carpet or hardwood?
Chris Wellborn: Well, just to comment, in ceramic there have been a couple that have added new plants, but in generally, the capacity thats in the United States is slightly underutilized, I would say, in ceramic.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In ceramic one, probably, about 50% -- in excess of 50% is imported. So there is some of the foreign companies are opening some capacity here, which he is talking about. LVT would be similar to the same situation where theres some of the ones have opened up capacity here, trying to find ways to optimize their service levels from where they are. And then some of the other product categories, there have been some capacities taken out of the industry.
Rafe Jadrosich: Okay. Got it. Thats helpful. And then just on the new construction outlook, can you just remind us your exposure to multifamily versus single-family and then what you are seeing on between those two segments?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Not sure I have those numbers in front of me. The new construction, homebuilding, I think, its around 20%, 25% of our business. I dont have the number in front of me, the multifamily piece.
James Brunk: Yeah. Rafe, we dont have that. We dont usually break that out. We kind of include it in the new construction number that Jeff quoted.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Its either in the new construction number or its in the remodeling number as it gets replaced as we go forward.
Rafe Jadrosich: Is there -- if -- it seems like based on what kind of homebuilders are saying now that we will still see single-family construction probably rise next year. But it looks like the multifamily outlook is pretty soft and we could see some pretty significant declines. Do you have meaningful exposure on the multifamily side? I mean, is there any margin difference between single-family, multifamily or is it relatively small compared to single-family?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Multifamily typically is lower. They typically use lower quality products than the single-family home construction. On the other hand, the multifamily gets replaced much more frequently, typically after they change over tenants in it. It depends on where they are and what it could be replaced every few years where the home newbuilding could be a seven-year to 10-year cycle. So theres a big difference in replacement cycles, as well as the quality of products going into each.
James Brunk: As we said earlier, we see an expanding presence in U.S. Ceramic and new construction, and the commercial channels, and also in Flooring North America as well, our relationship with the builders is stronger.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The other thing you mentioned the multifamily, the new starts are coming but the typical multifamily takes minimum of a year and a half and could be two and a half years to finish. There is a huge number of projects that are coming through that havent been finished yet and our product category is last one to go in.
James Brunk: Yeah. So similar to commercial, it has a long tail to be completed.
Rafe Jadrosich: Okay. Got it. So theres still a backlog there.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yeah.
Rafe Jadrosich: Thats very helpful. Thank you.
James Brunk: Yes. Correct. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will be concluding todays question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yeah. We are managing the controllable costs that we have been discussing, we continue to react to changing market conditions which are volatile, we see significant upside when the market returns and we think we are well positioning ourselves for that to occur. We appreciate you joining us. Have a great day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that we will conclude todays conference call. We thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Alan and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded, today Friday, 28 July, 2023. I would like now to introduce Mr. James Brunk. Mr. Brunk, you may begin your conference.
James F. Brunk: Thank you, Alan. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor conference call. Joining me on today's call are Jeffrey Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we'll update you on the company's second quarter performance and provide guidance for the third quarter of 2023. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include a discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. With that, I'll turn over the call to Jeff, for his opening remarks.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thanks, Jim. Mohawks second quarter net sales were $2.95 billion, down approximately 6.4% as reported or 9.6% on a constant and legacy basis, primarily due to continued pressure on residential remodeling across all of our regions. Our adjusted EPS was $2.76, as our margins across the enterprise expanded sequentially due to seasonal improvement, increased production, productivity initiatives and lower input costs. We generated over a [$145 million] (ph) of free cash flow during the quarter, further strengthening our financial position. Typical of housing recessions, higher interest rates and inflation are significantly impacting flooring sales around the world. To manage, we are selectively investing to increase sales and reducing expenses by enhancing productivity, consolidating distribution points and improving administrative efficiencies. In the quarter, we initiated restructuring and integration actions that will save $35 million annually at a cost of approximately $17 million. We anticipate approximately half of the estimated savings should be realized in the current year, partially offsetting the weak residential remodeling activity. In addition, we are limiting future capital investments to those delivering significant sales, margin and operational improvements. In all our regions, we are taking actions to increase sales, including promotions, retailer incentives and selective product launches. The integration of our recent acquisitions is progressing, as we combine strategies and enhance their manufacturing and product offering. While managing lower market demand, we're preparing for the rebound that historically follows cyclical declines in our industry. Our LVT, premium laminate, quartz countertop, porcelain slab and insulation, manufacturing expansion should deliver the greatest growth as the market recovers. Across our regions, we continue to see stronger results in the commercial sector than in residential. Residential remodeling remains the industry's greatest headwind due to lower home sales and deferred improvement projects. We believe channel inventories have declined and could be at a bottom. Price competition is increasing with declining industry volume, mix and input costs. In the U.S, the housing markets remain under pressure due to limited supply, high interest rates and continued inflation. Existing homeowners are not moving at historical levels to maintain their low mortgage rates. In Q2, new home starts increased to 1.45 million, showing the first quarterly increase since the beginning of last year. We believe the trend in housing starts will continue and will positively impact flooring shipments in the future. In our regions, home sales and remodeling are also declining due to inflation and interest rates. In Europe, energy prices have continued to climb though persistent inflation in other categories is limiting consumer remodeling. In the quarter, we benefited from the lower energy prices that flowed through our P&L. Our investments in biomass, solar and wind energy production reduce our operational expenses and carbon footprint, positively impacting our performance. During the second quarter, the Italian government provided energy subsidies at a reduced level, and the program will not be continued. In May, USA Today write Mohawk is one of America's businesses that made the greatest reductions in the global emissions over the past three years. Mohawk was the only flooring company recognized reinforcing our position as a global leader in sustainability. Earlier this month, we announced that Bernard Thiers, will be stepping down as President of Flooring Rest of World next year, and will continue with the company in a Senior Advisory role to support a smooth transition. Bernard has made many important contributions to the success of the business since we acquired Unilin in 2005. He has led the Flooring Rest of World segment for the past 14 years, and delivered profitable growth by expanding our product offering, entering new geographies and bringing new product innovation to the market. I'm proud of the exceptional team that, Bernard, has assembled across this segment. Wim Messiaen, will be joining Mohawk in October after he completes his contractual notice period. He'll become, President Flooring Rest of World, on February 1. Wim has more than 30 years of leadership experience with multinational packaging, building products and flooring manufacturers in Europe, Asia and Australia. He has considerable experience driving both growth organically and through acquisitions. Wim will complement our strong leadership team with a passion for innovation, strong customer focus and a commitment to sustainability. Jim, now cover our financial performance for the second quarter.
James F. Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. Sales exceeded $2.9 billion for the quarter, a 6.4% decrease as reported and 9.6% on a legacy and constant basis, as global inflation and higher interest rates significantly impacted the flooring industry volumes, especially in residential remodeling channel, Our Global Ceramic business has the strongest year-over-year sales performance in part due to a greater exposure to commercial and new home construction which outperformed residential remodeling. Gross margin for the quarter was 24.8% as reported and excluding one-time items was 25.9% versus 27.7% in the prior year. Year-over-year decline is due to softening volume, temporary plant shutdowns, unfavorable price mix, higher inflation, and the net impact of FX, partially offset by productivity gains. The actual detailed amounts of these items will be included in the MD&A of our 10-Q, which will be filed after this call. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 19.6% as reported, and excluding one-time items was 17.6% versus 16% in the prior year. The increase in SG&A expense was primarily attributable to higher inflation than net impact of acquisitions, partially offset by productivity gains. Operating income as reported was 5.2%. Restructuring, integration and other items were $91 million for the quarter, comprised of legal settlements and reserves as disclosed in our quarterly filing, costs associated with restructuring actions announced in 2022, and acquisition and integration costs, primarily for our ceramic acquisitions in Mexico and Brazil. Also in the quarter, we have taken additional actions across the enterprise to lower our costs and strengthen our results. The total cost of these actions is $17 million for an annual savings of approximately $35 million once completed. Operating margin excluding charges was 8.3% for the quarter. The decline year-over-year was primarily driven by the lower sales volume and higher inflation, along with temporary plant shutdowns negative price, mix and the unfavorable net impact of FX. Partially offset by productivity gains. Sequentially though, we saw significant margin expansion, as seasonal volume helped strengthen our quarterly sales and reduce our manufacturing shutdowns. And lower costs, especially in raw material and energy, combined with increased productivity, offset weakening price and mix. Interest expense for the quarter was $23 million increasing from the prior year, mainly due to the higher interest rates. Non-GAAP tax rate was 19.5% versus 22% in the prior year. Our forecast in Q3 tax rate is between 18% and 19%, and the full year rate is forecasted to be 19% to 20%. Earnings per share as reported were $1.58 and excluding charges were $2.76. Turning to the segments. Global Ceramics segment had sales just shy of $1.2 billion, that was basically flat as reported, and a decrease of 6.7% on a legacy and constant basis. Weaker volume and unfavorable FX, were only partially offset by positive price and mix. Compared to the prior year, our business in the U.S. held up the strongest in the quarter led by its performance in commercial and new construction. Operating margin excluding charges was 8.6%, as higher interest rates and inflation are impacting the flooring industry across our regions to varying degrees, leading to lower volumes and increased plant shutdowns, partially offset by productivity gains, positive price mix and the favorable impact of FX. Turning to Flooring North America, sales just exceeded $1 billion that was an 8.9% decrease as reported and 12% on a legacy basis, especially in the residential remodeling channel, and negative impact of price mix along with the lower volume. In the quarter, the year-over-year weakening conditions were felt the most in our residential soft surface businesses. Operating margin excluding charges was 6%. As current economic conditions, with reduced inventory volumes and increased competition is driving negative price mix, lowering sales volume and creating more temporary plant shutdowns, partially offset by decreasing input costs. It should be noted that sequentially, we saw strong margin expansion in both Global Ceramic and the Flooring North American segments. Lastly, Flooring Rest of the World, sales is just over $790 million, that's an 11.4% decrease as reported and 10.2% on a legacy and constant days basis. The decrease was primarily attributable to lower volume, negative price mix and unfavorable FX. The weakness in residential remodeling was felt the most in our laminate and wood businesses. In addition, our insulation and panels business was negatively impacted by the deferral of new projects. Operating margin excluding charges was 12.1%, as consumer spending in our category has not improved at this point and market competition increases, we are negatively impacted by the lower volume, temporary plant shutdowns and unfavorable net impact of FX, partially offset by productivity gains. Corporate and eliminations was $12 million for the quarter, and on a full year basis, corporate expenses should be approximately $45 million. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents were $571 million for the quarter with free cash flow of a $147 million in Q2 versus a use in the prior year. Free cash flow year-to-date is over $275 million. Receivables were just shy of $2.1 billion, with a DSO of 58 days versus 56 in the prior year and prior quarter. Inventories for the quarter finished at just over $2.6 billion and excluding the impact of acquisitions, inventories decreased $277 million versus Q2 of 2022. Inventory days are at 120 days versus 116 in the prior year, but have decreased from the 128 days in the prior quarter. Property and plant and equipment is just shy of $5 billion. Q2 CapEx was $117 million, with D&A of $157 million. For the full year, our forecast includes CapEx of approximately $600 million with D&A of $595 million. Finally, gross debt finished just shy of $3.1 billion with leverage at 1.8x adjusted EBITDA. This provides us the flexibility and strength as we look forward to the rebound in our industry. Now, Chris will review our Q2 operational performance.
Christopher Wellborn: Thank you, Jim. Our Global Ceramic segments result improved from the first quarter with increased sales, higher production and lower energy costs. Around the globe, high interest rates and inflation are reducing housing sales and remodeling investments to varying degrees based on local conditions. We believe that most of our customers have now aligned their inventory levels with market conditions. Our asset utilization remained low with compressed demand and we further reduced our inventory and working capital. Our P&L benefited from lower materials and energy flowing through the inventory. This reduction was partially offset by greater market competition and lower mix which impacted our selling prices. While energy costs around the world have substantially decreased, they continue to be highly volatile. And our acquisitions in Brazil and Mexico, we are realigning the organizations, defining new sales and product strategies and executing cost reductions. Our U.S. Ceramic business benefited from a greater participation in the commercial and new construction channels, enhanced styling and more consistent service. As energy and freight cost decline and industry volumes weaken, the market is becoming more competitive. We are introducing higher style products to improve our mix, and are focusing on stronger sales channels. We've expanded our customer base, which is helping to offset the weakness in residential remodeling. In the quarter, we further reduced our inventory while maintaining high service levels. The decline in energy prices will improve our cost as it flows through our inventory. We have taken cost reduction actions in response to increased competition and other inflation. As we prepare for the start of the additional countertop capacity, we are enhancing our product portfolio, and expanding our kitchen and bath channel with complementary tile and countertop selections. Our ceramic business in Europe remains under pressure as residential remodeling remain slow. Our volumes in the quarter improved sequentially, and our results benefited from sales of premium residential collections, commercial products and exports. Competition is becoming more intense in all channels due to low industry volume and declining energy cost. We are adjusting to the changing environment and using promotional activities to deliver additional volume. To utilize our new porcelain slab capacity, we are broadening our portfolio with innovative visuals and will manufacture products we have been outsourcing. We continue to focus on cost containment, including overhead reductions, productivity projects and alternative formulations. As with our other regions, our Latin American Ceramic businesses are also being pressured by higher interest rates, which have compressed residential remodeling. We are making progress integrating our existing businesses and new acquisitions, and we have begun to leverage sales of our total product portfolio to expand our distribution. The combined synergies we are realizing are partially offsetting the weakening market conditions. By the end of the year, we should complete the migration of our acquisitions onto our existing information systems, which will facilitate further sales and cost opportunities. Of the two regions, Mexico is performing better due to the economy and lower interest rates, while Brazilian Ceramic Industry is now being more impacted by economic conditions after holding up longer. We are taking additional sales and operational actions to manage the softening environment. The Brazilian government has recently announced that it will subsidize low interest rate mortgages to support new home construction and help the economy. Our Flooring Rest of World segment continues to successfully manage a difficult environment. Consumer spending has not improved as we expected, confidence remaining low given inflation, higher interest rates and the war in Ukraine. Sequentially, our sales volume and production rates improved from the first period. With low manufacturing utilization and declining input costs, industry pricing and mix continues under pressure. During the quarter, energy and raw material cost declined, partially offsetting weakening conditions. To manage lower volumes, we're pursuing additional sales, reducing costs and aligning production with demand. The segment's third quarter is seasonally impacted by extended vacations which will reduce our sales and earnings in the period. Our flooring sales are under pressure our sheet vinyl collections are outperforming as consumers trade down to lower price alternatives to minimize project costs. To meet rising demand across our regions, we are increasing our sheet vinyl production. The integration of our Eastern European sheet vinyl acquisition has significantly progressed. We have enhanced its offering with higher performance products, sped up its operations and added another manufacturing shift to support growing volume. We are managing production of laminate and LVT to align with present demand and are introducing new products, merchandising and specific promotions to expand sales volumes. We have begun to transition our residential LVT offering from flexible to rigid cores and are executing the previously announced restructuring to support this conversion. In our panels business, fewer projects are being initiated and industrial use has decreased due to slower market conditions. We are increasing sales of our higher margin decorative HPL products as we expand our customer base. Our plant utilization remains low and our selling prices are declining, partially offset by lower material costs, improved productivity and our green energy production. We have made considerable progress integrating our small board and mezzanine acquisitions including enhancing their operations, aligning sales strategies and combining administrative functions. Long-term prospects for our insulation business remain strong, supported by increasing energy conservation and government regulations. Presently, demand is declining as residential and commercial investments are being deferred and new industry capacity is increasing competition in some of our markets. Industry pricing is declining as input costs fall and we are reducing expenses to adjust market conditions. Similar to our other regions, the Australia and New Zealand housing markets have softened due to inflation and higher interest rates. Our results for the quarter were impacted by lower volumes and mix in our residential channels, and we are introducing new products and selective promotions to increase sales volume. Our commercial sales in New Zealand were stronger and we are leveraging our innovative collections to capture larger projects. Our Flooring North America segment has faced the same challenging conditions, as inflation high interest rates and more conservative lending practices have impacted the U.S. housing market and our industry. As we anticipated, the segment's margins sequentially expanded in the quarter due to seasonality and lower costs flowing through the inventory. To control cost, we have enhanced productivity, streamlined administrative functions and initiated restructuring actions. With weak residential remodeling and softer mix, retailers continued to tightly manage their inventory levels, further impacting demand in the quarter. With energy and raw material cost declining, market competition is increasing. New single family home starts have begun to increase with some builders subsidizing interest rates to attract buyers. In retail, we are providing new product options to trade up consumers and value alternatives for those with budget constraints. To increase sales, we're initiating selective promotional activity, enhancing our product offering and introducing more consumer friendly displays. The U.S. commercial sector has proven more resilient as businesses continue to invest in new construction and remodeling projects. The July Architectural Billing Index reflected a stable environment for new projects. We are experiencing some mix pressure in commercial, as customers seek to maintain budgets. The Hospitality and Main Street channels performed best in the quarter and we are expecting our participation in the Healthcare channels. Our unique products which are certified carbon neutral are growing as they deliver superior performance with a negative carbon footprint. Our commercial accessories acquisition is performing well as we leverage our relationships to enhance its product sales. Mohawk is the leading producer of premium laminate due to our more realistic visuals and waterproof performance. We continue to see a broader adoption of our RevWood products in both retail and builder channels. We have increased the offering of our revolutionary Signature Technology, which enhances the richness of our Pergo and Karastan collections. We are aligning production with current conditions, implementing cost reductions and managing pricing and mix to optimize our results. In residential carpet, we've seen a sequential improvement in sales and production along with the decline in input costs which improved our margins from the first quarter. We have enhanced our luxury Karastan and Godfrey Hirst collections and are providing retailer incentives to grow volumes. Our expanded solution-dyed polyester carpet portfolio is increasing our position with multifamily developers and single home builders, negatively impacting our product mix. We have integrated our recent non-woven acquisition and are improving its sales and operations. With the decline in ocean freight costs, market pressures for LVT are increasing and the U.S. Forced Labor Protection Act is impacting some shipments. Higher cost inventory reduced our margins as we adapted to the changing market. Our new rigid LVT introductions with updated visuals, WetProtect and antimicrobial technologies differentiated us in the market, and our sheet vinyl sales rose as consumers selected more affordable options. Our West Coast LVT plant will continue to ramp up throughout the rest of the year. With that, I'll return the call to, Jeff.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. Our second quarter performance reflected the positive impact of the many initiatives we're executing across our business. We're managing the current market conditions while preparing for the rebound in demand that follows cyclical downturns. Central banks have raised interest rates to reduce inflation and are signaling additional rate hikes are possible. In the U.S., we have seen a rise in builder confidence and housing starts will increase our residential new construction business. We expect the commercial sector to outperform the residential category through this year, even with continued weakness in the office category. Though employment remains strong, remodeling and existing home sales are being delayed due to limited housing availability, higher interest rates and inflation. Historically, when the economy recovers, these postponed remodeling projects fuel greater industry growth. Our new restructuring initiatives could save $35 million per year, and our recent acquisitions will add greater benefit to our results as we optimize their performance. In this competitive market, we expect continued pressure on pricing and mix, partially offset by the flow through of lower material and energy costs. Our third quarter seasonally weaken due to summer holidays, lower consumer spending and lower production in Europe. Given these factors, we anticipate our third quarter adjusted EPS to be between $2.62 and $2.72, excluding any restructuring, acquisition and other charges. At Mohawk, we are taking the necessary steps to manage today's challenges while preparing for tomorrow's opportunities. When central banks shift their focus to a more balanced approach, our business will accelerate as the industry recovers. In all our regions, housing is in short supply, aging homes are in need of remodeling and businesses will invest to grow in more favorable conditions. These factors will create higher growth for flooring, and our investments in capacity expansions and our recent acquisitions will further enhance our results. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Philip Ng of Jefferies. Go ahead.
Philip Ng : Hey, guys. Jeff, you've been in the business for some time now. You've talked about potentially on the R&R cycle turning. Any color on the bidding activity you've seen through the last few months? And then when you looked at past cycles, what are some of the things that you're looking to kind of inform your view that it's inflecting? Is that existing homes turning, rates coming down? Any color on that front, would be really helpful.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I guess as you look at the cycles, what happens is, as we go through these downturns, all the activity is postponed. Our product category of flooring nothing has to be replaced as it -- from either breaking or anything else. So, when people get uncomfortable, it gets postponed. This cycle though, is not really typical of the other ones, as you go through. What we believe is that, when central banks change to a more balanced approach, you'll see all the pent-up demand from these postponed purchase is coming through, and that will expand the volume. At the same time, the mix improves. As retail increases, the retail channel tends to have higher margins because customers pick higher value products and it's most affected now. So as that terms you get an increase in it, And then the use of the asset goes up and reduces the cost per unit and the margins expand at the same time. This time, we think also that our new investments and expansion will allow us to increase the categories of the business that are growing the most. And we should see, acquisitions help us position us, as we come out of this because we should have them integrated about the time the thing starts coming together. So, we're optimistic about the long-term.
Philip Ng : Got you. Have you seen the order activity for the R&R side of things at least flattened out here or its still TBD free?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're hoping it's at a bottom, is that consumers when they have inflation and they start to manage their budgets, again, our category is more postponed-able the most. So, we're hoping it's going to get better, but I can't say that we've seen it yet.
Philip Ng : Okay.
James F. Brunk: Yes. If you look at also the sales inventories in the channel, across our region, customers did reduce inventory, and did become more conservative. We believe most channels have largely aligned with the current conditions.
Philip Ng : Okay. That's perfect. I would jump to my next question. It sounds like inventory is flushed out with the channel. What about your inventory? Is your inventory at a good spot, the reason why I asked is because you started curtailing production pretty heavily last year and you're starting to lap that. It was a pretty negative headwind. So, does that flip positive? Are you at a pretty good spot? Any color there would be really helpful.
James F. Brunk: So, from a year-over-year perspective, you heard that certainly inventory is down for the quarter. What is key to us is sequentially from Q1 to Q2, the inventory decreased about $110 million, about 60% of that was volume and 40% was the lower cost. We do anticipate further inventory decreases this year, certainly depending on demand and inflation, but what we're doing is we're keeping the inventory low you get better churn and the plant operations, which helps with that unabsorbed overhead.
Philip Ng : Okay. But you're still curtailing production in the back half. Is that what you're saying, Jim, on a year-over-year basis?
James F. Brunk: Yes, if you look at, youve to consider the seasonality as well. So, you have certain shutdowns in the third quarter mostly associated with Europe and the shutdowns. And then obviously in the fourth quarter, you will also have a shutdown associated with holidays. Now, in the fourth quarter though, we would expect that the shutdowns would be less than in the prior year.
Philip Ng : Okay. Thank you. I appreciate the color guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Hughes of Truist. Go ahead.
Keith Hughes : Thank you. You've made some comments on Europe on pacing in demand, I might be confusing the geographies. If you could just go back over where you think particularly European consumer demand is trending during the quarter and then here in July?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We had expected when we came out of the first quarter that the decline in energy prices which was a huge burden on the consumer that we had expected it to come down and that consumer would be positively impacted. At this point, we haven't seen the demand in flooring reflect that. Like here, there are more vacations being taken and other things experiences they're doing. But in our category, we haven't seen an improvement yet.
Keith Hughes : Okay. And you've talked about lower input costs, lower energy costs. Are you seeing any more sequential declines as we head into the second half of the year on those costs?
James F. Brunk: So Keith, if you kind of step back sequentially, if you look Q1 to Q2 inflation or deflation, was about $55 million from Q1 to Q2, which offset the reductions in price and mix of about $36 million, which helped us expand the margins as the cost declined. Now I would expect to see as we go through the second quarter to third quarter also that same phenomena of lower input costs, lower inflation helping offset the price mix again from a sequential standpoint.
Keith Hughes : Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Bosshard of Cleveland Research. Go ahead.
Eric Bosshard : Thank you. First of all, if we could just circle back on that comment, the path forward on cost getting better and price getting worse is, did I interpret what you just said to say that the savings and inputs more than paid for the impact or pressure from price mix, am I saying that right?
James F. Brunk: Yes. Sequentially is what I was focused on is from Q1 to Q2, you saw that from Q2 to Q3, we expect the same to occur. Again, that sequentially, it's very -- yes, it's an interesting year where you looking at sequential changes are actually more important. You can see the flow through quicker at the lower cost material and energy offsetting the pressure on price mix.
Eric Bosshard : Okay. And then secondly, I guess related to that and somewhat answered within that statement. Jeff, you talked a good bit kind of globally about price mix pressure either related to demand or influenced by what's going on with inputs? In terms of what you're seeing from consumers or your customers, is that path a steady one per the comment that was just made? Is it increasing? Is it stabilizing? Just trying to figure out what the slope of that curve looks like.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, it's being caused by the low utilization rates, in a different depending on geography and product category. To remind you, the industry, all the different pieces are tend to be highly capital intense with high fixed cost. So, the participants tend to try to maximize volume to cover the overhead. With the energy and material arc declining, and we're tending to pass through the majority of that to the customers. At the same time, you have a mix change that's going on. As we've said before the retail, has higher margins and as the retails declining more, it's impacting the margins and average prices as well.
Eric Bosshard : Okay. And then last, Jeff, you spoke to it today and was in the release about signs of a bottom and hoping for a bottom as well. I guess I look at the channel, the retailers taking inventory out would suggest their position more conservative. In normal cycles, do I guess historically we would look to see that inventories would increase and mix would get better and that would be a sign of a more bullish consumer. What should we be watching for, if it's not inventories and price mix to suggest more bullishness from either your customers or the end consumers about better demand?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I guess, to begin with, we're hoping that the demand is maybe at a bottom for the cycle. But as you said, the cycle is not exactly typical of prior ones. Unusual to have the employment remaining strong and our category be so pressured which it is this time. The whole housing market is totally different than prior ones. And so you see right now, the housing is starting to -- the new starts are going up. It's going to take four to nine months for us to see that depending upon which house and how long it flows through before we see that. On the longer term side, when people's confidence, historically the consumer confidence is also a good indicator of when they start spending more money, because as that goes up, they'll start taking these postponed projects that they have and doing them. So far, the commercial is still holding up. We're assuming it's going to weaken as we go through the fall, but we'll have to see how it goes. So, far the index of the billing index for architects doesn't show it declining yet, but we're anticipating it's going to get weaker.
Eric Bosshard : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. Go ahead.
Susan Maklari : Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Good morning, Susan.
Susan Maklari : Can I just start -- to start with when we think about your third quarter guide, can you help us walk through each of the segments and how we should be thinking about the sequential changes coming through from a seasonality perspective in terms of the top lines as well as the margins?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes, I think Jim and I think both of us do that one for you. In the third quarter, everybody didn't look like they built in the European decline that we always have and given the vacations they take, our volumes over there drop and our margins drop as well. We expect lower industry volumes will continue pressuring pricing and mix across the whole industry. And at this time, we're not building in any catalyst for remodeling to improve. At some point, it will, but we don't have it in any of our expectations at this point. The period will continue to benefit from lower material and energy costs as well as our restructuring actions. We're going to keep controlling the inventory relative to the demand. We've talked a few times about the retail margins impacting our mix. And then we also think that the currency change have been going on. It could have an impact of another $5 million to $15 million just in the currency changes. Jim, you want to sort of give her between the different segments?
James F. Brunk: So, Flooring Rest of the World obviously is most exposed to the European holidays. So, from again sequentially from Q2 to Q3, you would expect to see a margin decline in their business. Global Ceramic has some exposure to Europe, but the largest component and piece of that segment is the U.S. So, margins from Q2 to Q3 could be flat to slightly down. And then in Flooring North America usually Q3 is one of their strongest quarters, so we expect to see margin expansion from Q2 to Q3.
Susan Maklari : Okay. That's very helpful color. And then perhaps as we think about 2024, as that approaches understanding that it's hard to understand where the global macros will go and some of these demand factors. But when you think about all the cost actions that you have taken across the business in the last call it three or four years, you think about some of the capacity changes that you've made in there as well. Any thoughts, Jeff, on how the business can perform across the different end markets and segments that you have at some sort of level?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: First, I don't think I'm capable of calling the term. I don't know when its going to happen. It will happen. It usually follows the interest rates peaking and I'm starting to fall. And I don't know if that's going to happen at the end of this year or sometime in the next year, anywhere in between. With that, the next year, all of the things you mentioned is right. We should have as we talked about before, the volume should jump significantly. Usually, you have a significant increase in the industry volume making up for the decreases that we've had as you come out. We think the margins will expand in all the businesses. Typically, the sales also go up further because our suppliers start raising our costs and we pass those through. So, those help the top line further. And you have an expansion of the volume and expansion of selling prices and then you have the margins expanding as the leverage in the businesses go. This time, we also have more capacity in what we think are going to be the high growth areas for our business. And then again, we should have there's going to be very limited accretion in the acquisitions until the business turn, but when it turns, we should have the costs take out, we should have restructured the product portfolios and those should be ready to expand. So, we're expecting a significant improvement as we come out of this.
Susan Maklari : Okay. Thank you for the color, Jeff, and good luck with everything.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Susan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laura Champine from Loop Capital. Go ahead.
Laura Champine: Thanks for taking my question. First on the ceramic business, your press release calls out inflation. I'm assuming that's year-on-year. Is that just flowing through the higher cost inventories? Are you still seeing product cost inflation for that segment?
James F. Brunk: No. Energy has started to come down. So, what you're seeing in the third quarter is the flow through of the higher cost inventory that we had.
Laura Champine: And is this the last quarter to where you would expect see that impact?
James F. Brunk: I think most of it will be finished through this, after the third quarter.
Laura Champine: After the third quarter. Got it. And then on CapEx, there's language in the press release about sort of being careful on projects and needing series return. However, the budget doesn't seem to have shifted. So maybe what did change if anything this quarter versus last on your CapEx plans?
James F. Brunk: Well, we're very focused on investing to optimize the future of the business. The growth investments that we talked about, they make up about, almost about $250 million of the 2023 budget depending on timing. Maintenance CapEx for the business is roughly $200 million to $250 million as well. Now we're also focused, the balance really is on the quick kind of return projects on cost reductions, our focus on product innovation, and then also some projects on acquisitions. What we were speaking about is now looking forward into next year about being very, I guess, diligent looking at the CapEx budget for next year.
Laura Champine: Got it. And is it too early to give us kind of a first look on the direction there?
James F. Brunk: Yes, it's a little bit early, but we're working with all the teams as we speak.
Laura Champine: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Truman Patterson with Wolfe Research. Go ahead.
Truman Patterson : Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Clearly, you all have been pretty open about increased pricing competition globally. Do you think you could discuss just some of the big buckets, where you're seeing this occur, either product category or region? As well as perhaps how this has evolved versus your expectations through the year?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Sure. So in the U.S., you have which -- the declining import prices, which affect both LVT and ceramic. So, those are moving down and we're adjusting as we have to do those. Some of that is impacting our margins as we have higher cost inventory. In our European business, our ceramic businesses had been at very low levels to the marketplace, is getting very aggressive trying to run the assets that are there. So, the market pricing there is under pressure. And, our flooring business in Europe, it's more of a mix problem than a pricing problem. On the other hand, you have growth in the lower cost product categories. So, we're putting people down rather than lowering prices. And then our panels and installation businesses tend to go up and down with the material and energy prices and those are being passed through as they occur.
Truman Patterson : Okay, perfectly. And then in North America with oil coming down quite a bit, understood, if I look at your margins kind of sequentially, it seems like that raw material deflation versus pricing benefit probably occurred in North America a little bit more than some of the other regions. But could you help us think through what's built into your third quarter guide regarding raws in the North American segment specifically?
James F. Brunk: Well, in Flooring North America, similar to the other segments, from Q1 to Q2, you're absolutely right. We started to see sequentially the benefit of the lower costs coming through not only raw materials, but in energy as well. In our view of Q2 to Q3, we still see some of that maybe a slower pace sequentially, but you still get a benefit were lower cost and raw material, energy and also freight, as you look in the U.S. as well. So, those are the assumptions around Flooring North America.
Truman Patterson : All right. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: The next question comes from John Lovallo of UBS. Please go ahead.
John Lovallo : Hi, guys. Thank you for taking my questions. Just want to make sure I have the cadence right here on the input cost inflation and price mix. So, in terms of the input cost inflation, it looks like sequentially, we'll see improvement in the third quarter. Should we expect sort of a leveling-off as we move into the fourth quarter and should the third quarter and fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis be improved? And, then in terms of price mix, are we still expecting sequential deterioration as we move through the third quarter and the fourth quarter?
James F. Brunk: Yes. So, John, you kind of asked two different time periods there. So, let me tackle sequentially first. So again, sequentially, from Q1 to Q2, we benefited where you had lower cost versus the impact of lowering price and mix. I would expect a similar occurrence albeit, maybe a less impact, but similar occurrence in Q2 to Q3 and also in Q3 to Q4. Again, that's sequentially. Now year-over-year, you're absolutely right. What we've said is that, we have a tailwind in the back half of the year, again, year-over-year from lower materials and lower energy. But price mix and the pressure on both will continue in the third and fourth quarter. A gap from a year-over-year perspective will close by the end of the year, but it will still exist, premise from a little bit.
John Lovallo : Okay. That's helpful. And then, on the $17 million in restructuring charges that will generate the $35 million in annual savings. Are those related to headcount? I'm just curious how -- it sounds like the savings are going to come through pretty quickly here. And if that is the case, I mean are you at all concerned that there could negatively impact your ability to react if activity does pick up a little faster than anticipated?
James F. Brunk: Now, these actions are really focused around headcount reductions, as you said, in both administrative and manufacturing functions along with some consolidation of distribution points. So, most of that cash is, will occur in the third, fourth quarter of this year.
John Lovallo : Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Rehaut of JPMorgan. Go ahead.
Michael Rehaut : Great. Thanks very much. So, just wanted to make sure I understood right in terms of your prior comments, if you kind of think about price mix versus cost. I just want to make sure I'm understanding that it sounds like you're saying will be negative in the next two quarters, but perhaps that negative gap moderating or lessening as you get to the fourth quarter versus third, is that the right way to think about it?
James F. Brunk: If you're speaking about it from a year-over-year perspective, that is a correct statement. The benefit and the lower cost compared to the pressure on price and mix that differential will lessen. We anticipate as we move through the balance of the year. That's why Mike, I think, sequentially is so important to look at because you see more in real time the benefit of the lower cost offsetting the impact of price mix.
Michael Rehaut : And then but at the same time, it sounds like at least for the third quarter, you've pointed to that historical seasonality kicking in where on a broad basis inclusive of even price cost, but on a broad basis, you're looking for margins to decline on a consolidated basis in 3Q versus 2Q. And it would sound that even if the price cost gap is narrowing in 4Q on a year-over-year, I would assume you're still expecting again consistent with the typical seasonality you're expecting in the 3Q, further sequential margin contraction in 4Q. Is that fair to say?
James F. Brunk: Well, Mike, it really, first of all, it depends on that demand cycle, what we talked about from a fourth quarter perspective, yes, you'll have seasonally lower production with Christmas vacations. The industry volume though maybe at a bottom, though pricing pressure could continue. Higher cost inventory by then should relatively be consumed as, Chris, indicated earlier. We do have a bump as you well heard and seen on new home construction, which could help us increased flooring sales. We have the restructuring that's going to benefit our cost structures. And last year, as I noted earlier, we included much more shutdowns than normal. So, that should help us in the fourth quarter as well.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're also as we've said before anticipating commercial that weakened somewhat as we go through the year. That we'll have to see, hopefully, we're wrong.
Michael Rehaut : Right. Maybe just one last quick one. The Italian subsidies, does that end right on June at the end of 2Q? And if you could just quantify what that meant on a quarterly basis?
James F. Brunk: Yes. So, as we said before, it's about $15 million to $20 million per quarter. The government did stop it at the end of the second quarter, but it will flow through my inventory into my P&L. So, I'll get some benefit at a lower level in Q3 and then by Q4, it's basically gone.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: But the energy prices have continued to drop without those. So, they were making up for high energy costs, so the energy costs have dropped substantially. So, the difference will not be dramatic.
James F. Brunk: Yes. So, with that lower cost, we are expecting to be aligned with the competition as well.
Michael Rehaut : Okay, great. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Dahl of The Royal Bank of Canada. Go ahead.
Michael Dahl: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Hard to beat the horse a little bit on the pricing comments. It seems like the sequential versus year-on-year is obviously that we are just given the magnitude of all the changes. But it would seem like on a year-on-year basis, your cost tailwind should step up significantly in 4Q versus 3Q, again, on a year-on-year basis. I just want to make sure I heard correctly that even in 4Q, you're still assuming that the price cost is slightly negative. And then, I guess, how do we think about that -- and kind of an exit rate, do you think you'll get back to the neutral by year-end as you think about kind 24 planning or because it seems to imply still some sequential price decline through the year? For accelerating the clients through the year, I should say.
James F. Brunk: So let me kick that off. Mike, so you're absolutely right. The benefit from a year-over-year perspective, should peak in terms of this year, should peak in the fourth quarter. That's why I said the gap will close significantly between the inflation and price mix. It's very difficult at this point to say its going to be flat, slightly negative, but we'll have to see as the pricing evolves and the mix over the balance of the year. But certainly, the inflation gets or the lower costs flowing through the P&L gets much more substantial in the fourth quarter.
Michael Dahl: Got it. Okay. And then my second question just related to kind of the LVT import dynamics, and some of the puts and takes around the Forced Labor Act. Can you just -- you mentioned it in the opening comments, but just elaborate a little bit more on, kind of, how you've seen that evolve, and whether the supply chains have shifted enough and you've gotten product on port or competition has gotten product into ports. Just what's the update on that?
Christopher Wellborn: Yes, we're seeing market pressures increasing with lower volumes and declining freight. Higher cost inventories reducing our margin as it flows through. We also have our West Coast operations will be in start-up phase at the end of the year, but that Forced Labor Act is still impacting some of the sales and timing of our new introductions.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It is stopping product from coming in they seem to be doing it on an individual business supplier base, they keep adding to it over time. It has stopped shipments from coming in. We in particular stop hours. It's impacted our service level on existing sales and it's also impacted our new product introductions, which got stopped. It is difficult to tell how it's going to evolve.
Michael Dahl: Got it. Okay. Thanks, sir. Our next question comes from Stephen Kim of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Stephen Kim : Yes. Thanks a lot guys. Appreciate the color. My line cut out a couple of times. So apologies if this asked. I don't think it was. But I wanted to ask you about the impact or the benefit we can anticipate when volume ultimately returns. I know you're not giving a specific time frame for when that will be, but when it does occur inevitably, I'm curious about what we might see from productivity, attempt shutdowns in particular. Regarding productivity, we've usually seen a positive boost to your EBIT from productivity when volumes rising, but, recently, you've actually generated positive productivity when volume was going down. And so I'm curious, when volume ultimately inflect up, is it reasonable to think that we could still get positive productivity year-on-year? And then similarly with them shutdowns, you mentioned I think that in 4Q shutdowns, you will have shutdowns, but will be less than the prior year. What I'm interpreting that, is that you're going to get an EBIT benefit year-on-year from the reduced shutdown. So when you move forward and volume picked up, I assume you won't have any shutdowns. And so that should also be a benefit on top of whatever volume benefit you would get. I just want to make sure that both of those are true?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes, they are all true as the utilization of the factories goes up, that will reduce the fixed overhead costs. Usually, the productivity of the plants also increases as well. We usually get leverage in the sales cost as well as it all turns. And then somewhere along the line as it goes in, we'll start raising prices as our suppliers start trying to expand their margins as we go forward. So all those things occur.
Stephen Kim : Yes. Great. That's yeah. We look forward to that day. Alright. So second question for me is in ceramic, we've seen over the years or so we've seen a pretty big rise in ceramic imports from India. You all have obviously moved stepped into LatAm pretty significantly, Brazil, Mexico, etcetera. I'm curious if you could help us understand, are there any salient differences either in product quality or other cost of doing business that favor Latin America for as a place to import for you or ship product to the U.S. from versus other parts of Asia?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Just as a comment before he answers that one. Our investments in Latin America are primarily for the Latin American markets. We do ship some into the United States, but the majority of it is for the local markets. Chris, you want to answer the rest?
Christopher Wellborn: The other thing I would say, Stephen, is that the from India right now that freight rates are really low, which we don't think are sustainable. But in the U.S, we've done a lot of work on our mid and premium product to reduce the impact of the changes in that imported product.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Right now, India does have an advantage for freight.
Stephen Kim : Got you. Okay, great. Thanks so much guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Bouley of Barclays.
Matthew Bouley: Go ahead. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the questions. I think you mentioned a few times that commercial has been outperforming, but that you expected commercial to weaken later this year. I guess, how is that dynamic evolving for you specifically? Are actually starting to see signs of, I don't know, weakening orders in the commercial end market and just how might you expect that to play out from a volume and price perspective?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I first have to go back to other cycles. I've never seen a cycle where the commercial business didn't fall off and it usually falls off about a year after the other one. So it's possible you get through this without it, but hard to believe. So there is some indications of some weakening new projects being started in it and new orders. So we're going to have to see how it evolves. There's a chance to keep going through it. But at least in our expectations, we're assuming there's going to be some weakening show up.
Matthew Bouley: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then secondly, on the $35 million of savings actions, I think you said half would be realized this year. I mean, should we assume that you're kind of reaching the run rate really in Q4 or are you already starting to realize a lot of that in Q3? How does that kind of phase between the next two quarters? Thank you.
James F. Brunk: It's fairly split between Q3 and Q4. I would say by the run rate, you're correct, you will see it as we get through Q4.
Matthew Bouley: All right. Thanks guys. Good luck.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Baumgarten from Zelman. Go ahead.
Adam Baumgarten : Hey. Good afternoon, everyone. Just curious if you could walk through where you're seeing the biggest negative mix impacts across the various products and geographies?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Right now in the second quarter, the price mix was unfavorable from a year-over-year perspective and the largest part in the second quarter was in Flooring North America and LVT with the pricing declines driven by imports.
Adam Baumgarten : Okay. Got it. And then just as we think about the restructuring actions, maybe how to think about that across the various segments as you spread it across the different businesses?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, if you back up a little bit, so we announced in 2022 and Q2 and Q4 restructuring actions that should say as we go through this year into next about $60 million that was mainly split between Flooring North America and Flooring Rest of the World as they took out higher cost assets around reducing work production, phasing out the residential flexible LVT in Europe as well as some other initiatives. And then this current action that we just announced is fairly spread between Flooring North America And Global Ceramic.
Adam Baumgarten : Okay, great. Thanks. Best of luck.
Operator: The next question comes from Rafe Jadrosich with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Rafe Jadrosich: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. When you look at the dealers that you sell through in the U.S, sort of the smaller independent ones. Just can you talk about the health of that sort of network. Obviously, like the industry sales have been under pressure and I'm sure they're sitting on some -- where they were sitting on some high cost inventory and prices have come down. How is like the health of that retail channel for you? And are you seeing any consolidation there?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Most of the retailers have been able to go through the last year, they were able to pass through the costs, they were able to pass through the higher labor installation rates. And in some cases, many of them their margins expanded. So for the most part, most of them are in fairly good shape at this point.
Rafe Jadrosich: Okay. That's good to hear. And then the second question was just on as pricing comes down with the lower input costs like you're talking about in the second half here. What have you historically seen in terms of volumes with lower pricing like what is the demand elasticity to price? Do you ever get an uptick in volumes because the pricing is lower?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Usually in these environments, we're lowering prices in reaction to the marketplace and people start taking -- trying to take isolated pieces and increasing their share. And then as you would suspect, the other participants are trying to hold their share. So, typically as prices decline, we pass through much of the lower cost to our customers as we're all trying to run assets.
Rafe Jadrosich: Is this price competitive environment different than other doubts like is it kind of a similar level that you would have anticipated like more competitive, less competitive than what you've seen historically?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think it's probably typical. The difference will be in Europe. You have a much lower environment. And so I think in Europe, it might be more aggressive than historical. But also the costs were up higher, much higher in Europe too, see in both dynamics.
Rafe Jadrosich: That makes sense. It's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over Mr. Jeff Lorberbaum for any closing remarks.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We'd like to thank everyone for joining us. We are focused on managing the short-term and we think we're well positioning the business to maximize the long-term growth and earnings. Thank you again.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries, Inc. First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to James Brunk. Please go ahead.
James Brunk: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor call. Joining me on today's call are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we'll update you on the company's first quarter performance and provide guidance for the second quarter of 2023.  I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  This call may include a discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website.  I'll now turn the call over to Jeff for opening comments.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thanks, Jim. For the first quarter of 2023, Mohawk's net sales were $2.8 billion, down approximately 6.9% as reported or 5.9% on a constant basis, and our adjusted EPS for the quarter was $1.75. All of our businesses are adapting our strategies to a more challenging environment. We're managing our costs while investing for both short- and long-term growth. We exceeded our earnings expectations with the businesses maintaining higher pricing and mix and Flooring Rest of World outperforming the other segments.  The commercial channel continues to be stronger than residential with home remodeling projects being postponed and new housing construction being impacted by higher mortgage rates. Our balance sheet remains strong, and we generated over $125 million of free cash flow. We strategically invested in new product innovation, enhanced merchandising in customer trade shows to improve sales. We are continuing to reduce costs across the enterprise by enhancing productivity, streamlining processes and controlling administrative expenses.  Our customers remain conservative in their inventory commitments and all of our operations are running at lower utilization levels, creating higher costs from unabsorbed overhead. We see increased competition as industry capacity utilization and input costs decline. In Europe, natural gas prices have dropped dramatically, though they remain at almost double the historical levels. We expect consumer spending to improve as wages rise, inflation slows and energy costs fall.  Our new product introductions provide more value options for budget conscious consumers. In the U.S. limited supply, high interest rates and persistent inflation have suppressed the housing market. Lower home sales and changing consumer spending habits are impacting their modeling category. We are maximizing our commercial business with new introductions, marketing initiatives and targeted promotions.  And our other geographies, demand is similarly slowing with residential more affected than commercial. Though the Mexican economy faces challenges, our business there is holding up better, while Brazil slowed more with higher interest rates and reductions in consumer inventories.  Our restructuring actions are on track in the Flooring North America and Flooring Rest of World segments and should improve the results of our business. We are limiting our other capital investments to those providing significant sales, margins and process improvements. We're expanding our constrained category that have the greatest growth potential when the economy recovers. These include LVT, premium laminate, quartz countertops, porcelain slabs and insulation products.  We completed 2 acquisitions in ceramic in Brazil and Mexico that had combined sales of approximately $425 million, almost doubling our existing market share in those geographies. We are developing strategies to increase our sales by providing broader product offering and using combined brands to satisfy all price points. In each country, we're beginning to consolidate the businesses to reduce costs, improve efficiencies and optimize production. We also continue to improve the small bolt-on acquisitions in Europe and U.S. that we completed last year.  Despite falling energy prices, natural gas and electricity inflation remained a headwind in the first quarter, though our future results will benefit as lower costs flow through the P&L. Our sustainable strategy includes investments in both production of green energy from biomass, wind and solar, which reduces both our carbon -- our expenses in our carbon footprint. Our 2 biomass energy plants lowered our cost and improved our results in the quarter. We also purchased some of our European energy at various times to reduce future cost volatility. Italian energy subsidies have been extended at reduced levels through the second quarter.  I'll turn the call over to Jim for his review of our financial performance.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. Sales for the quarter were just over $2.8 billion. That's a decrease of 6.9% as reported or 5.9% on a constant basis, driven by a reduction in volume and unfavorable FX as compared to Q1 2022, which was still benefiting from the COVID pandemic rebound in residential remodeling activity. The decrease was partially offset by favorable price, mix and acquisitions.  Global Ceramic with a larger percentage of commercial and new construction had the strongest quarter. Gross profit as a percentage of sales was 22.9% as reported and excluding onetime items, was 24.1% versus 26.6% in the prior year. The year-over-year decline was due to the impact of inflation, lower volume, the related temporary plant shutdowns and unfavorable FX, partially offset by stronger price, mix and productivity gains. The actual detailed amounts of these items will be included in the MD&A of our 10-Q which will be filed after the call.  SG&A as a percentage of sales was 18.4% as reported. The year-over-year dollar increase in SG&A was driven by inflation, primarily in employee expenses, increased costs in product development and marketing to drive future sales, volume and unfavorable price, mix, partially offset by favorable FX and productivity initiatives.  Operating margin as reported was 4.5%. Restructuring, acquisitions and other charges were $36 million in the quarter, of which $6 million was cash. These charges are primarily related to the previously announced initiatives, mainly in Flooring North America and Flooring Rest of the world. Operating margin, excluding charges, was 5.8% and similar to gross margin, the year-over-year decline is driven by higher inflation, lower volumes and related temporary plant shutdowns and costs associated with investments in new product development and marketing, partially offset by favorable price, mix and productivity gains.  Interest expense for the quarter was $17 million, increasing year-over-year, primarily due to the higher interest rates. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 22.6% versus 22.3% in the prior year. We expect Q2's tax rate to be approximately 19% to 20% and the full year rate to be between 21% and 22% with quarterly variations. That leads us to an earnings per share as reported of $1.26 and excluding charges of $1.75.  Turning to the segments. In Global Ceramic, sales were just shy of $1.1 billion. That's a 0.5% decrease as reported and 1.2% decrease on a constant basis. Volume declines across all regions were only partially offset by favorable price, mix, FX gains and acquisitions. Overall, the U.S. business had the strongest year-over-year performance as commercial and new home construction outperformed residential remodeling.  Operating margin, excluding charges, was 6.3%, declining year-over-year due to the slowing economies and higher interest rates impacting all geographies, resulting in lower volumes and short-term plant shutdowns, partially offset by favorable price, mix and productivity gains. We are focusing on expanding markets, integration of our acquisitions in Mexico and Brazil, differentiated products and growth CapEx to drive future results.  In Flooring North America, sales were $953 million. That's an 11.1% decrease as reported and on a constant basis. We saw weakness across all product categories compared to a very robust Q1 of 2022, led by residential soft surface products as our commercial and laminate businesses, while still down versus prior year, had the strongest year-over-year volumes in the segment.  Operating margin, excluding charges, was 0.5%. The decline in operating margin was due to the weakening in the housing market with consumers deferring home improvement projects and trading down to meet constrained budgets, leading to lower volumes and temporary plant shutdowns. In addition, the segment's margins were compressed as it absorbed peak material costs from prior periods. In the quarter, we also invested in new product development and marketing initiatives to expand future sales. These headwinds were partially offset by favorable price, mix and productivity gains.  And finally, Flooring Rest of the World with sales of $793 million. That's a 9.7% decline as reported including unfavorable FX and 6% on a constant basis as housing-related purchases significantly declined, negatively impacting our flooring products as compared to our installation business, which maintained a positive year-over-year growth, driven by the push to further conserve energy.  Operating margin, excluding charges, was 12.6%, declining versus prior year due to the higher inflation, lower volumes and temporary plant shutdowns, partially offset by favorable price, mix and benefit from our green energy production. We are implementing selective promotion, executing our restructuring actions and increasing supply chains outside of Europe to drive sales and margin growth.  Corporate expense and eliminations were $10 million, in line with the prior year and I would expect full year corporate expenses should be approximately $45 million.  Turning to the balance sheet. Free cash flow for the period was $129 million versus a $75 million use of cash in the prior year. Receivables were just shy of $2.1 billion, with DSO at 56 days versus 54 in the prior year, but improving from 60 days as of the end of the year of 2022. Inventories were just over $2.7 billion. Now excluding the impact of acquisitions, inventories decreased $114 million versus Q4 of 2022. Inventory days stand at 128 days versus 111 in the prior year, but improving from 138 days at the end of 2022.  Property, plant and equipment was just over $4.9 billion, and Q1 CapEx was $128 million, with D&A at $170 million. Full year, our '23 forecast includes CapEx of $570 million and D&A of approximately $600 million. And finally, gross debt of $3.3 billion and leverage at 1.7x adjusted EBITDA gives us the strength and flexibility to manage through this uncertain market.  Now I will turn the call over to Chris to review our Q1 operational performance.
Chris Wellborn: Thank you, Jim. The Global Ceramic segment spans many countries with each having their own unique economic conditions. All of our regions are being impacted by slowing economies and higher interest rates. The commercial channel is strongest and new home construction held up better than residential remodeling as consumers reduce discretionary purchases. In this softening environment, our customers are lowering their inventory levels with significant differences in each region. As industry volumes decline, we are facing additional competitive pressures in our markets. Our pricing has lagged our cost changes, though we are seeing decreases in energy and material expenses, which should benefit our future results.  The U.S. is performing better than our other ceramic markets due to our greater sales in the commercial sector. Our domestic production is more reliable than imported alternatives, which is benefiting our sales, particularly in our premium collections, which compare favorably to European alternatives.  We are shifting our sales force focus to target opportunities in the multifamily and exterior channels and are expanding our commercial and builder distribution with curated collections for immediate delivery. To increase our countertop volume, we are expanding our business with national accounts, contractors and kitchen and bath retailers. We are reengineering our entry-level quartz to countertop to lower our cost and enhance the value. To manage through the slowing environment, we continue to reduce our costs across the business, including overhead and discretionary spending. Our ceramic business in Europe remains under pressure as demand has declined due to ongoing inflation and higher interest rates. We maintained higher average selling prices than we anticipated, partially due to our new introductions. Our overall [Technical Difficulty]. 
Operator: We have lost our speaker connection. Please stand by while we reconnect.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: David, have you reconnected him?
Operator: I have now brought Chris Wellborn back in, and the conference can continue.
Chris Wellborn: Pressure as demand has declined due to ongoing inflation and higher interest rates. We maintained higher average selling prices than we anticipated, partially due to our new introductions. Our overall volumes were down in the quarter with all markets impacted by slowing residential remodeling.  As the market slows, competition is becoming more aggressive in all channels. We are increasing porcelain slab production to support continued sales growth through enhanced visuals and specialized textures. A drop in fourth quarter energy prices benefited our cost in this quarter and subsidies from the Italian government helped to offset the impact of energy inflation. We continue to focus on cost containment, including productivity projects and R&D initiatives.  Our other ceramic markets are slowing, and we are reducing our production to align with demand. Sales trends improved as we progress through the quarter, and we expect these markets will continue to improve. Our 2023 product launches with new sizes, unique visuals and polished finishes are being well accepted in the market.  The integration of our acquisitions is progressing and we are implementing specific sales, marketing and operational plans to improve the businesses. This year, we will convert the acquisitions to our information systems to enable operating as a single business and enhance efficiencies.  In our Flooring Rest of World segment, our European business have been compressed as high energy prices and inflation impacted consumer budgets. In the first quarter, higher volumes reduced shutdowns, lower energy costs and production of green energy improved our business from the fourth quarter. The contraction in the housing market has reduced volume levels in our industry as consumers change spending priorities and customers' adjusted inventory levels.  We are increasing promotions to attract additional volume and expanding product options for more constrained consumer budgets. We have increased controls to manage our cost and reduce our inventories. We are reengineering our formulations and expanding our supply base to improve our competitive position. We are executing our restructuring actions to adapt to the current environment. As input costs decline, we anticipate greater competitive pressures in the market.  As consumers have deferred residential remodeling projects, our flooring category was most impacted during the quarter. Both laminate and LVT volumes were lower in the quarter, and we are controlling our cost and production levels in response. We have begun the conversion of our residential LVT from flexible to rigid and are preparing to restructure the operations. Our sheet vinyl increased in volume as consumers sought options to lower remodeling costs. We are improving the product offering at our new Eastern European sheet vinyl acquisition with updated styling as we enhance the facility's production efficiencies.  Our panels business has slowed with market and inventory reductions in the channel. Our margins are higher than anticipated due to stronger pricing, lower input costs and benefits from our biomass energy plans. We are making progress on achieving our planned synergies of our French panels plant and our recent mezzanine flooring acquisition.  Our insulation category performed the best in this segment as energy efficiency has become a greater priority. Government regulations around energy conservation continue to increase, and our polyurethane products provide the greatest heat-resistant properties. We have integrated our insulation acquisition in Ireland and the U.K., and our new facility is ramping up ahead of schedule.  In Australia and New Zealand, the economies are slowing and inflation and higher interest rates have affected the housing market. In the quarter, our results were impacted by lower volumes in both residential soft and hard surfaces. We're implementing additional price increases to offset inflation and selectively introducing promotions to drive sales. The commercial sector is outperforming residential and we are expanding our emphasis in specified projects. We are controlling costs and adjusting inventory levels to market demand.  Our Flooring North America segment has been challenged by significant inflation, higher interest rates and more restrictive lending, which have weakened the housing market and our industry. Many consumers are deferring home improvement investments or trading down due to budget constraints. As a result, our customers are more tightly managing their inventory levels.  The segment's earnings for the quarter were compressed due to lower volumes and absorption of peak material costs, which our pricing did not cover. We significantly reduced inventory as we align production with demand and benefited from lower energy and material costs. Our restructuring actions are on track and will lower our cost in our residential and commercial soft service categories.  As the market conditions evolve, we are adjusting our manufacturing and sales strategies and reducing inventory with market demand. To control cost, we are postponing capital projects and reducing discretionary spending. Our second quarter margin should expand as our input cost improved and plant utilization increases.  Our first quarter commercial sales remained solid with new construction and remodeling projects continuing in most channels. The Architectural Billing Index indicates limited softening in the planning of new commercial projects this year. We are providing exciting flooring options that are carbon neutral with superior features to deliver greater value for the desiring green alternatives.  Developed in partnership with disabled and disadvantaged artists, our new art lifting collections, fashionable designs are quickly gaining traction in the market. The commercial flooring accessories acquisition we completed last year has complemented our product offering and benefited our business.  Sales of residential soft surfaces declined more than other categories as retailers reduced inventory due to weaker consumer discretionary spending in the slowing housing market. The multifamily business remains the strongest category in residential, and we are expanding our participation in this channel. Retailers have responded positively to our new product launches, including Everstrand Polyester collections at accessible price points and our proprietary SmartStrand Silk collections that provide superior softness in design. The new merchandising systems for our new carpet collections are being well accepted by our customers.  In the quarter, we enhanced our LVT collections with higher value introductions, featuring our Web Protect and antimicrobial technologies. We're seeing a more competitive market as the industry slows and ocean freight costs decline. Imports from Asia are being interrupted as the U.S. requires proof of compliance with the Force Labor Protection Act. It is still too early to determine the disruption this legislation will create. Sheet vinyl sales are outperforming as consumers seek more budget-oriented options. Our West Coast LVT plant is continuing to ramp-up and our production will expand as we move through the year.  During the quarter, our laminate sales in retail expanded with its increased acceptance as a waterproof alternative. Volumes in other channels are declining as consumers deferred remodeling projects and our customers reduced their inventory levels. We expect our Redwood collections to continue taking share due to their realistic visual, superior scratch resistance and waterproof properties. Our signature technology advances the design and texture of our Redwood products so that they are indistinguishable from premium wood flooring, by offering greater value and durability. Our input costs are declining, which will help us recover the inflation that impacted our margins.  Now I'll return the call to Jeff for his closing remarks.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. Our industry is operating in a completely different environment than a year ago. Around the world, Central Banks are raising interest rates to slow their economies and reduce inflation. These actions lower our industry volume as new home sales and residential remodeling are postponed. The commercial sector has remained stronger than residential, though higher interest rates and tighter lending requirements could affect business investments as the year progresses. We're maximizing our sales and distribution by focusing on better performing channels, introducing differentiated products and providing enhanced service and value. We are proactively managing our spending and cost structures to optimize our results. We anticipate that industry volume and pricing will remain under pressure across our markets. We expect seasonal improvement in demand along with reduced energy material costs to improve our future results. Given these factors, we anticipate our second quarter adjusted EPS to be between $2.56 and $2.66, excluding any restructuring, acquisition and other charges.  The industry down -- this industry downturn is unique with employment remaining high, businesses continuing to invest and homes maintaining their valuations. We are conservatively managing the near term, while we invest in the long-term growth through product innovation, capacity expansions and acquisitions. Our strong balance sheet enables us to navigate the current downturn as we prepare for the industry rebound that follows. Longer term, all of our regions require the updating of aging homes and significant new home construction to satisfy market needs. With our strength across regions, markets and products, we anticipate capturing increased opportunities when the recovery occurs in the housing market and the economy.  We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Joe Ahlersmeyer with Deutsche Bank.
Joseph Ahlersmeyer: Congrats on the solid start to the year. Jeff, the headwinds impacting results and the reasons to continue to be cautious as we go forward here, those reasons are well understood. And even as we look to make our own predictions about your business, it's probably not fair to expect you to make any definitive predictions beyond what you've given us in the guidance for the upcoming quarter. But you've also said in the past that managing the business as it's emerged from contractions gives you the confidence that it will recover, but that also means you're probably among the best position to help investors conceptualize those scenarios realistically.  So especially, since you've no doubt contemplated this as you've taken actions to position your business and you touched on this a bit in your conclusion to your prepared remarks there. But my first question is simply, without necessarily getting into when specifically, we see a recovery, can you just offer some thoughts on how that might realistically manifest maybe by category, your end market or geography?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: When you go through a cycle, our industry always goes through a similar direction. So going into the cycle, the first thing that slows down is the residential remodeling because the consumers can immediately postpone it and it's followed by the new housing construction and then by the commercial businesses that take longer to execute. When you come out of the cycle, it comes out in the same order for the same reason. So to their remodeling piece should pick up first and do better.  This cycle is not typical of the other cycles. Historically, by this point, employment would be down significantly, and it still remains strong. You have wages are still increasing. We have housing is in short supply and mortgage rates are limiting people to move. These things, combined with aging homes and higher home values, should support more remodeling and commercial projects continue to be initiated. So when you take all this together, we're expecting the rebound on the other side to be stronger and faster than it has in past cycles because we're not under the same compression that we've been in these areas we just discussed.
Joseph Ahlersmeyer: All right. Thank you, Jeff, for those thoughts. Jim, we've discussed in the past, the trade-offs and running the business with respect to choices you make around price cost, market share, production and inventory levels. And then it's probably unrealistic actually to assume that as the industry recovers, you'd face earnings headwinds from all of these things at once.  And so without making this a specific question about your volumes or price cost relationship in any one quarter, particularly beyond the next quarter, are you able to give investors any guardrails around Mohawk's annualized earnings power once we've maybe seen markets recover, we see a more typical input cost environment, but after you've then made choices around market share, pricing and production capacity?
James Brunk: I think, Joe, you would start with looking at the relationship between materials, energy, and pricing, as you kind of alluded to. If you think about it, the cost really started to gradually fall for us late in 2022. And it takes anywhere from 3 to 6 months for it to flow through the P&L. What we would expect in 2023 is that inflation to become a more kind of declining headwind and become a benefit in the second half with price and mix weakening with more competition from lower industry volumes.  Volume itself -- it was interesting in the first quarter, it was lower against some very, very strong comps in the prior year with pricing lighting inflation. Another point is, as we had indicated, we did not build inventory as normal. And so some of the shutdowns compressed our margins, though it improved sequentially. In the second quarter, we would anticipate higher production and fewer shutdowns. And as I said before, kind of all the details of this certainly will be in our 10-Q in terms of the bridge items.  But also one other point would be around the growth investments. Our current expansion projects, we are focused on future sales opportunities and capacity constraints, very focused on laminate, LVT, quartz, countertops, ceramic slabs and their installation businesses. They are postponing other investments until visibility improves, but these investments should really set us up along with their acquisitions to help our business in '24 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Wojs with Baird.
Timothy Wojs: Maybe just the first question I had, as you kind of think about energy prices, how would you expect that to kind of mechanically kind of work through the P&L? I would imagine maybe you get some benefit early and then pricing kind of starts to react to that. But how quickly do you think pricing reacts to energy prices? I mean is it pretty immediate? Or do you think it's more like what you would see with like oil-based inputs in like Flooring North America, for example?
James Brunk: Well, as I just said, now with Joe's, it takes some time for it to flow through the P&L. So sequentially, if you think about that, you would see improvement from -- we saw some from Q4 to Q1 on input costs. I would expect from Q1 to Q2 for that to be even stronger because of Flooring North America having to absorb in the first quarter, most of that peak material cost. So that's raw materials. But obviously, we also have energy in there as well on the inflation. So from Q1 to Q2, you would see that improvement. But the pricing and mix would continue to be under pressure as competition steps up, especially with the lower industry volumes.
Timothy Wojs: Okay. So is it fair to say it would kind of be like normal input costs? We just haven't seen this type of energy inflation before. So that's what I'm trying to ask.
James Brunk: Yes, even though it's down, I would expect you'll see some -- you've saw the headwinds in Q1. And then from a year-over-year perspective, in Q2, get we better turning -- if it stays on the trajectory, it is right now from a year-over-year perspective, that energy should turn to a tailwind in the back half of the year.
Timothy Wojs: Okay. Okay. Good. And then on price/mix, just kind of holding up better than you thought in the quarter? I mean, is that -- do you think that's due to the overall consumer not trading down as much as maybe you thought? Or is it something that Mohawk's kind of done internally around product mix or channel mix that has kind of held that up a little bit better?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, there's a third option, too, which includes our expectations and we're having to outguess the future. So we're trying to be conservative about our future guesses and take everything that account. So we turned -- we were a little more conservative than it turned out. There's still continued pressure on pricing and mix. The lower volumes in the industry always drives -- people trying to run their assets, including us, we expect in this environment to continue to have more competition and promotions, but the input costs are going to decline. And with that, we're really expecting as we go through the next quarter or 2 for some of that to get passed through and lower pricing by the industry.
James Brunk: Don't forget also, you were seeing falling ocean freights, which is reducing the cost of imports to the U.S. So the weaker dollar certainly will partially offset.
Operator: Our next question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs.
Susan Maklari: My first question is, appreciating that you've got limited visibility to the second half. But can you talk contextually about how you're thinking about the operating environment as it relates to housing activity, R&R, commercial and then even maybe the U.S. versus Europe? And are you still expecting that we will see more normal seasonality as we move through the balance of this year?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: As you said, the visibility is really limited. We're expecting economic growth to still be under pressure as we go through the year. Presently, we're anticipating remodeling being somewhat better. We think the new housing part will be stabilizing, and we're anticipating commercial slowing down somewhat as it -- with the same thing as we've just talked about, we are expecting the price and mix, to continue to be under pressure with plant utilization improving from the first quarter, which was low.  In Europe, most people believe that the demand -- the consumer demand could increase because these high energy costs were such an impact to people. And second is in Europe, the wages are rising at a higher rate than they are in the United States. When you look through the normal seasonality, remember, the third quarter is always affected outside the United States by vacations and then we're assuming the normal seasonal decline as we go through the year.  A little longer term, we expect the recovery when we rebound from it our industry, you postpone purchases, you don't lose them. And so during this time that it's going to be down, we're expecting those to create a significant upturn on the other side as it always does. And in this time, right now, we're investing more in growth investments, which we haven't done in prior cycles, which should put us in a better position we come out and the new acquisitions should also be helping us a year from then.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's helpful. And then focusing in on the Flooring North America segment. Obviously, that's been under pressure recently, just given the reduced production there. But as you think further out and the strategic initiatives you've been taking the cost actions, all the various things that have been going on there. Where do you think that margin can get to? And any thoughts on how that might compare to what we've seen more recently from that segment?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, the segment was impacted more with the oil and energy costs than the other businesses, which impacted the material costs all through it. We were still -- we raised the inventories, trying to catch up to help people in the first halves of the last year. So we came out with high inventories, and we never anticipated the thing collapsing like it did.  So the -- the pricing is leading the -- the pricing we're going -- we've never recovered the total price at the peak and then the promotions and things are causing the pricing to flow through faster than the material costs are flowing through in the first quarter. We're expecting to see that turn in the second quarter as the margins expand will help. And then in most of the categories, we're expecting the margin -- the cost decreases to help us recover the margin we didn't cover in a lot of the categories in the fall of last year. So the margin should increase as we go through and we're expecting all the businesses to do better in the rest of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from John Lovallo with UBS.
John Lovallo: The first one on SG&A was a little bit higher than we were looking for in the quarter. And I think you guys noted a few items, including higher employee expense and some investment spend. But is there anything in the first quarter SG&A number that you think won't repeat? And maybe if you could just help us think about SG&A dollars or as a percentage of sales as we move into the second quarter?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: First, you have to remember on the comparisons, we came out of '21, the inventories were low. We were having trouble getting materials. We were hitting limitations with employees. So we went into the first quarter of last year with low inventories, and our customers also had low inventories. So we didn't put out as many new products. We didn't spend as much in marketing and merchandising.  And so this year, we're going back to a more normal level. It's always heavier in the first quarter, and then we expect it to come down as we go through the year. We're putting investments in new merchandising and product categories across the businesses, trying to upgrade the product and mix and maximize the opportunities that are here in the environment that we're in.
James Brunk: And we're also doing that with the balancing the administrative side and trying to control that cost, making sure that we emphasize the selling and the marketing aspects as we go forward.
John Lovallo: Makes sense. Okay. And then just on the commercial channel remaining pretty resilient here in the first quarter. There's obviously some growing concern of slowing activity in U.S. commercial. And Jeff, I think you talked to your expectation that, that could slow a bit. Are you seeing any signs right now that things are moderating on the commercial side in Mohawk's business?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: There is some slight slowing in the category, but it's still doing reasonably well. Hospitality is outperforming the other categories. You have health care and education are still strong. But the cycle, there's other categories that aren't performing as well. We like you are looking at the architectural billing index and we see some weakening in it. So we're assuming that it's going to weaken with lower investments as we enter the second half of the year, but we'll have to see.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI.
Stephen Kim: I believe you mentioned in the multifamily business or in the F&A business that you were sort of leaning into multifamily increasing your participation there. I was curious if you could describe what kind of actions you're taking there?  And then related to that, multifamily completions are really lagging multifamily starts and the pipeline is still growing, it appears from the national numbers. And so I think your products tend to go in later kind of closer to completion. So does that mean that the surge in demand from this multifamily category is still ahead of you? If you can just sort of talk about how you'd see the shape demand there you?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Usually, you go into cycles, the multifamily will slow down as well and then people start having to move around as jobs get harder. We haven't seen that here. So what you have is the multifamily. The vacancy rates are still reasonably low. You still have more completions coming in and we're trying to maximize our share in what we think is going to be one of the stronger parts of the business this year.
Stephen Kim: Right. Any specific kind of actions are you increasing your sales force? If you have made any other kind of changes that you could describe that would -- you can provide a little color around that?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: In the multifamily side, they tend to have lower value products because they're trying to control the cost of the rentals. So we have a broad selection in carpet LVT and laminate that are all going into the category and -- as well as sheet vinyl. And I'm not -- we're not doing much different with the products because we've always had a broad offering to satisfy it. We're just being more aggressive in our selling.
Stephen Kim: Okay. That makes sense. And then secondly, you've been pretty active on the acquisition front, not so much the big ones, although I know you just bought Vitromex and Elizabeth, it looks like they look like they're closing in 1Q. So a couple of questions regarding acquisitions.  First of all, I think, Vitromex and Elizabeth, you said $425 million in annual sales. What was the purchase price combined for that? And then secondly, I think in the last couple of years, you've spent about $330 million on acquisitions of various kinds. Can you quantify what the general annualized sales benefit you think are coming from all of those businesses?
James Brunk: So in the first quarter, you're right, we closed on Vitromex and Elizabeth purchase price is just over $500 million combined. If you step back, we did about 5 bolt-on acquisitions last year in 2022, plus 2 ceramic acquisitions that we just completed. And to frame it from a sales perspective, it should be in the $600 million range on an annual basis given normal conditions. Obviously, the markets are a little bit tighter in Brazil and Mexico, like they are in other geographies. So what we gave you was their sales from the prior year.
Stephen Kim: Got you. And that's excluding Vitromex and Elizabeth -- sorry, including Vitromex and Elizabeth's $425 million, right, in that $600 million?
James Brunk: Yes. All in, it's about a little over $600 million.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So there were small acquisitions, but then some of the sales are also included in last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Hughes with Truist.
Keith Hughes: You had said in the prepared comments, taking less down production days in the second quarter versus the first. Is that just a function of seasonality or do you have inventories kind of where demand is and that's not quite as necessary in the second quarter?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Combination of everything. First is that we did take some inventories down. The second is we expected -- we expect an improvement from seasonal improvements from one or the other, so where there are less shutdowns across the business all over.
Keith Hughes: Okay. And one other question. You said in answer to another question, in the second half of the year, energy turning. I think you said energy turning in your favor. I just want to make sure you're talking about energy, are you talking about energy and input costs?
James Brunk: I was speaking about the question, Keith, was on energy. That was the comment on energy.
Keith Hughes: What's your view on raw material cost? Is that something where we could see some deceleration in the second half of the year?
James Brunk: In total, if you take energy and raw materials, again, that should be really a declining headwind as you go through from Q1 to Q2 and becoming a benefit in the second half of the year. And that's also leading to some price/mix weakening as well with competition with lower input costs and volumes being lower.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut: First, I just wanted to, if possible, get a little bit of quantification on how you're thinking about the incremental benefit from lower energy costs in 2Q itself? And you talked about it turning into a tailwind in the back half. So how much do you expect energy costs, if you could kind of quantify it would benefit margins in 2Q versus 1Q? And incrementally, what would flow through further into the back half?
James Brunk: Well, sequentially, is what I think you're asking from Q1 to Q2, energy, the savings of the lower-cost energy will pick up from the prior quarter. So it should become -- sequentially, it will be a benefit in the quarter -- in the second quarter compared to the first quarter.
Michael Rehaut: And I appreciate that, but any way to quantify that benefit?
James Brunk: The headwind that you're going to see. Well, let me put it in terms of the total inflation, again, from a year-over-year perspective that we saw in the first quarter, it was about $158 million. So you'll see that detail later today. And so I would expect that total inflation from a year-over-year perspective to be significantly lower than that in the second quarter.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. And then maybe just on the restructuring benefits, any -- also any way to quantify how you're thinking about the dollars in terms of benefits in 2023 and where we are in terms of the percentage realization of that in the second -- what you expect to have in the second quarter versus by year-end?
James Brunk: So we have -- so if you step back, we've announced the 2 restructuring plans early last year. And the total cost is somewhere between $135 million and $140 million, only about $25 million of that is cash. So we're going to save a little bit over probably $60 million annually. That will be ramping up as you go through this year. Most of the savings for Flooring North America, the actions are on track. And you'll see that in the Florida North America results as you go Q2 and Q3 and to the end of the year. The actions in Flooring Rest of the World which are really around phasing out our residential flexible LVT and turning that in concentrating on rigid. That will take a little bit longer as you go through 2023.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. One last quick one, if I could squeeze it in. As you look at the sales patterns for the rest of the year given that you have easier comps in each of the next 3 quarters, if you were to take current sales patterns today or sales trends today, would you expect first quarter's 7% decline to lessen and potentially even turn positive as you get to the fourth quarter?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It depends whether you're looking sequentially or year-over-year. So last year, you had, it slowed down. So as we go through the year, year-over-year.
Michael Rehaut: Year-over-year, Jeff?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Yes, year-over-year, the volume will improve as you go through the year with the comparisons.
James Brunk: Yes. So we have an easier -- a very difficult comp in the first -- the first half of the year, and then that will become a little bit easier as you get to the back half of the year. So you would see those -- you would assume if we stay where we are in terms of the recovery that those percentages would decrease the difference would decrease as you go through the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Baumgarten with Zelman.
Adam Baumgarten: I believe you guys talked about some European ceramic competitors shutting down production when natural gas prices were spiking. Have you seen those competitors reenter the market at this point?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The gas prices have declined substantially. Each of the competitors have different purchasing strategies. So I don't know exactly where the costs are today. And when they purchased the gas prices, but Europe, the market is still under pressure because the demand from the consumers is significantly down. Chris, you want to add some more?
Chris Wellborn: Well, I would say, especially those competitors that were producing at the low end -- pricing at the low end, Spain, other places have been under particular pressure with the natural gas. And yes, there have been a few competitors that have fallen out of the market, but we don't have really good visibility on that. None of the major ones have gone out. It would be smaller ones.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay. Got it. And then just on LVT, just given some of the declines you guys talked about on imported product. Maybe just if you could help us walk through your cost competitiveness of the U.S. and Mexico capacity that you guys are now bringing up?
Chris Wellborn: Well, on the LVT, we have a broad offerings for both residential and commercial and all price points are rigid and flexible. And our local production is valued for faster, more consistent service. We're improving our operations and differentiating it with features. And our West Coast plant efficiencies will increase over time.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: And overall market is tough as resetting prices with the materials and freight costs moving, there's still a significant inventory in the channels. And then right at the moment, there's this thing we talked about, about the U.S. government stopping some shipments impact on service, and it's really difficult to tell what impact that's going to have on the supply and the marketplace today.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Dahl with RBC.
Michael Dahl: Jeff, just as a follow-up to that, around the -- with import dynamic, I know it's tough to tell how it could resolve. But in terms of what's currently sitting at ports, is there any way you can quantify kind of how much supply has currently been stopped from coming into the domestic market? And then do you have any insight on whether this issue has significantly stemmed the flow of ships on the water making their way to the U.S. at this point?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: That's about -- the only thing I can tell you is one of the largest suppliers in the United States, all those products have been stocked. And so the question, what we don't know is how many others are going to be impacted. And then the reverse side is, we don't know what will take to get them released and come back in. So I mean you're really just at the start of it and we're going to have to see what happens with the government.
Michael Dahl: Okay. Got it. And then as a follow-up to kind of the price conversation. I mean, you mentioned that price/mix came in better than you guys had forecast during the quarter. Wondering, as you went through the quarter, have you seen price/mix evolve in a way that was closer to your expectations, i.e., you have referenced still seeing some pressure. So are you seeing the pressures that you initially expected now coming through? Or is it still better than you expected?  And if I could kind of add a second part to that question in response to Mike's question around volumes. Presumably, the price/mix comp will get worse as the year progresses even as the volume comp gets better. So from a total revenue standpoint, just should we think that the declines in total revenues also get better? Or does the worsening price mix offset the easier volume costs?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: How to answer that one? The first is our expectations coming in we had -- we didn't know how much the channel inventories were declined and how much they were going to -- how much more where they were going to decline. And then the other part was pricing and mix, it was a combination of both and it wasn't as depressed as we expected to be.  The pricing and mix is getting more difficult as you have these low volumes. And depending upon which category you're in, as you would suspect, where you have really high capital investments, people try to keep running the investments, and that pushes the prices down. You have more competition and promotions coming on as the input cost decline. And then you have the mismatch between the flow-through of inventory and the pricing that happens to us. So we're trying to estimate all those things at the same time.
James Brunk: That's the bottom line. If you're talking just the sales line, then you also have -- so you have the improvement in comps in terms of volume, which will help as well as the acquisitions we described. So those helped on the top line.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Most people in Europe are expecting that due to the substantial decline in energy that the consumers have pulled back dramatically because of the cost of heating -- heating their homes and the use of energy over they got so high. They're expecting that the demand is going to improve as we go through the year, and we are, too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard: Two things. First of all, Jeff, I think you made a comment that you had a more favorable view on North American remodel activity in the second half. I just want to clarify, is that -- did I hear that right? And what are you seeing that supports that viewpoint?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We just thought that the postponement of projects had gotten really significant at this time that people aren't moving as much as they normally do that they might be getting more comfortable with the interest rate. So we just thought it was at a depressed level. And we -- in our things, we're assuming there's going to be some relief as we go through the year, but we'll have to see.
Chris Wellborn: And I would just add to that, that the activity in the Daltile service centers has been higher. And the comment would be that the people coming in are very serious about getting projects done.
James Brunk: And probably one last thing, Eric, as Jeff said earlier, this cycle is a little bit different with the employment remaining strong, wages increasing and housing, obviously, remaining in short supply and people staying in their homes. And as they get more comfortable from a consumer confidence standpoint if that evolves, then they would come back to the remodeling.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. And then secondly, the guidance from 90 days ago, you ended up doing $0.40 better, and it sounds like it was price/mix was better than your assumption. As you look into this next 90 days, and Jeff, I guess we all appreciate your comment on predicting the future is not that easy. But in terms of how you've made this assumption with the 2Q guidance relative to the 1Q, have you considered price/mix differently? Or is it a similar conservative price/mix viewpoint that you had for 1Q?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The 1Q -- the question was how much was the inventory and the channel is going to change also? We are assuming at this point that most of the inventory and the channels are aligned around the world, we're expecting that. And then we're expecting the raw material prices to benefit us, but we're expecting that with competition, some of that's going to get passed through. So we're expecting the price/mix to decline as the competition increases with the general economy. .
Operator: Our next question comes from Truman Patterson with Wolfe Research.
Truman Patterson: First on Rest of World, margins inflected pretty nicely from 4Q. You mentioned some increased promotion to help your sales activity there. Maybe a bit better consumer trends in Europe and you reduce costs I would imagine that a lot of that you're also doing in North America. I'm just hoping you can give us a little bit more color on the Rest of World margin inflection?
Chris Wellborn: Yes. So in Q1, our margin expanded from Q4 was seasonal growth. We had fewer shutdowns. We had lower energy and the green production. Our pricing and mix were a little better than we expected. Going forward, we anticipate greater competitive pressures as the input cost decline. And -- but we're implementing selective promotions. We're doing a lot to control our cost and we're also doing some restructuring.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Perfect. And then Jeff, not necessarily looking for guidance here. Always enjoy getting your kind of big picture view on the cycle and everything. I'm just hoping you can help us think through 2024, how that might trend primarily on the residential side? Do you think we're kind of in the eye of the storm here in 2023 with the volume declines and you're expecting or positioning the company for some improvement in '24 volumes?  I'm just trying to see where your head is at here because clearly, there's a lot of moving parts with inflation, Fed actions, war in Europe, but there's still a pretty healthy job and wage -- job growth and wage gains right now. So I just want to kind of wrap my head around that.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: What, I guess, multiple parts. One is what you know as well as I do, there's different views on what's going to happen with the economy. One is that the economy is going to slow down and that the Fed is going to start lowering rates at the end of the year, the first of next year and start the improvement in the whole housing cycle. The second says it's going to take longer, and they're going to keep rates up longer. I can't tell you when it's going to occur.  I know that every time that this happens, all these consumers that pull back that don't like the way their houses look, they postponed the purchases. And if you go back historically, the volume increases substantially in the first 2 years coming out of a downturn because of this. We've been in a downturn now for close to 9 months and the rest of the economy hasn't reacted as much. We're in a industry that is really affected by interest rates as people postpone things. So we're looking that when it does occur, that it's going to be greater than normal. We are investing in the categories that are the highest growth categories and constrained growth, and we expect to get benefit out of all those as it comes up.
Truman Patterson: Perfect. And just a follow-up there on kind of the resi R&R side. In your view, the typical downturn a year or 2 years normally?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I mean, typically, they go from 12 to 18 months is the general range, some go longer and shorter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Jeff, your comments on demand feels like things have bottom here and in general little more up beat about the back half. When you think about the recovery within your end markets, products or regions, the other view where you think things could potentially pick up faster. And then from a pricing standpoint, any markets in particular that you have more concerns that prices will fall a little more significantly?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Happy go around the world. I mean Europe was so impacted by energy costs, which they're still double what they were before we started. But if you go back to 5 months ago, they were 10, 12x where we started. So the energy impact on Europe has been dramatic. How to figure that in with the war and what's going on, it's hard to guess.  The other side that's different, we're seeing in Europe, the increase in wages is generally higher than the U.S. There are some countries that we know the wages are going up 10% or more is there. So as the wages increase, it's possible that they have less impact on their consumption. And we're assuming that it's going to get better as we go through this year.  All the other markets, they've all gone through a similar downturn. The interest rates are being raised everywhere. The -- as in every market, the residential fell off substantially in all of them and the commercial is trailing. Some of the areas like Mexico, the economy is held up better. There's things moving in as we have problems with China. So the Mexican market is doing better. The Brazilian market, for instance, turned down later, but it turned down later. And in our marketplace, the last quarter, there's been huge changes in the inventories in the channel as we go through.  So each one is different, but it looks like the whole world is more interconnected and they're more closely aligned than they have been in the past 20, 30 years.
Philip Ng: In any markets where you -- or products you see more pricing pressure?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: There's pricing pressure in all of them. And as the markets -- again, as the markets slow down, all of us, where we have large capital investments, try to find ways to minimize the unabsorbed overhead. And typically, we pass through the decreases and work on lower margins in prior cycles. So I don't see it be any different this one.
Philip Ng: Got it. And your ceramics business has held up very well. What's relative strength? You see that business holding up pretty good from here and now. Pricing in particular has been strong. You've had a nice pricing umbrella from inflation. Now that energy prices and ocean freight container prices have come down, how are you thinking about competition or pricing pressure from imports on the ceramic side of things?
Chris Wellborn: Well, on the ceramic side, we have performed better than our other ceramic markets in the U.S., one due to a greater mix of commercial. Our domestic production has been reliable or is reliable, more than the imported alternatives, and that's helped us. We've developed premium collections that have been used versus Italian imports, and we're increasing our focus on the multifamily exteriors, kitchen and bath channels. And we're also enhancing our commercial and builder markets with curated collections. . Having said that, the imported ceramic prices are decreasing with freight, which has partially been offset by weakening dollar. We do have more of our sales in the mid- to high-segment, which has insulated us a little. But no doubt, it will be under pressure as we go through the year with imports coming down.
Operator: The next question comes from Rafe Jadrosich with Bank of America.
Rafe Jadrosich: I wanted to just follow-up on some of the comments on the import restrictions on LVT from China. Can you remind us sort of your exposure to Chinese imports on the LVT side? Maybe how does that compare to competitors? And just given your higher domestic production, and if there are additional restrictions, is there a share gain or pricing opportunity there?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Our imports from China are fairly limited, but it's affecting not only the local producers. They've extended this thing back to the raw materials and some of the surrounding countries use raw materials out of China, and that's also causing the problem with the supply outside of China.
Rafe Jadrosich: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then on commercial, can you remind us of your exposure overall? And then is there any regional difference you hire commercial exposure in Europe relative to the U.S.? Then what's the typical lag time between when a commercial project starts and when your products go in? So if commercial is slowing today, like when would we actually expect that to have an impact on your revenue?
James Brunk: Well, from a percentage basis, it runs different by segment. We have more commercial exposure in global ceramics especially in the U.S. that could have over 35% or so of its business in ceramic -- or excuse me, in ceramic being in commercial in the U.S. And then in Flooring North America would be the next largest with limited exposure in Flooring Rest of the World.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The commercial sales typically fall off later because and it depends on which projects. They can take anywhere from 12 months to 3 years to complete. So all these different projects have started. It tends not to fall off for at least about a year after residential starts falling off. And this one is different because you have really sectors in the commercial business that are still going up like the hospitality pieces. So it's really an unusual environment.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference over to Jeff Lorberbaum for any closing remarks.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you very much. We appreciate all of you joining us. We're navigating the current environment, and we're investing to optimize our results when the economy improves. Thank you for joining us. Have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-10 04:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries Inc. Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to James Brunk. Please go ahead.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jason. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries' Quarterly Investor Call. Joining me on today's call are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we'll update you on the company's fourth quarter and full year performance and provide guidance for the first quarter of 2023. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. I'll now turn over the call to Jeff for his opening remarks. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Jim. For the full year of 2022, Mohawk's net sales were $11.7 billion, up approximately 4.8% as reported or 8.8% on a constant basis. And our adjusted EPS for the year was $12.85. The flooring industry entered 2022 with momentum from strong housing markets supported by record home sales, low interest rates and rising household formations. High home equity levels, shifts to larger homes and the desire to customize living spaces during the pandemic were driving remodeling investments. As the year progressed, the U.S. housing market declined under pressure from rising interest rates and inflation. In Europe, energy and overall inflation escalated and consumers reduced discretionary spending to pay for essentials. In the first half of the year, the company implemented pricing actions and production that offset the inflation we incurred. With reduced home sales and remodeling in the second half of the year, our Flooring volumes decreased. Our pricing did not cover material and energy inflation. Throughout the year, commercial and new construction and remodeling activity outperformed residential. Even with the housing industry slowing during the second half of the year, we concluded 2022 with a strong balance sheet, low net debt leverage of 1.3 times EBITDA and available liquidity of approximately $1.8 billion to manage the current environment and optimize our long-term results. We acquired five bolt-on businesses during the year that extend the scope of our product offering and our distribution. These include sheet vinyl, mezzanine flooring and wood veneer plant in Europe, a nonwoven flooring manufacturer and a flooring accessories company in the U.S. When we complete the integration of these acquisitions, we will expand their sales opportunities, enhance their operations and improve their efficiencies. We've just acquired Elizabeth in Brazil and are awaiting regulatory approval to close Vitromex in Mexico, Both of which will almost double our local market positions in ceramic, expand our customer base and product offering and improve our manufacturing capabilities. The teams are preparing to integrate the businesses, which will create significant sales and operational synergies. Turning to the fourth quarter results. Mohawk net sales were $2.7 billion, down 4% as reported or approximately 1.3% on a constant basis, and our adjusted EPS was $1.32. Our revenues were driven by price increases and strength in commercial channel. Our sales across all our businesses were slower than we expected in the quarter as Residential sales contracted with rising interest rates, declining home sales and lower consumer confidence. As a consequence, our customers lowered their inventory levels and consumers reduced their spending for renovation. Unlike other products, Flooring does not require immediate replacement. So purchases can be deferred more than other durable goods. Commercial sales continued stronger than residential in the quarter, benefiting from ongoing remodeling and new construction projects. In the quarter, our Global Ceramic segment outperformed the others due to a higher level of commercial and new construction sales. Our Flooring Rest of the World segment softened as higher inflation and energy costs reduced demand in Europe. Our Flooring North America segment sales declined with lower residential activity and a reduction in customer inventory levels. The combination of weakening sales, plant shutdowns and the consumption of higher cost inventory decreased the segment's performance for the quarter. In response, we reduced production rates and lowered our inventory, which increased unabsorbed overhead expenses. We curtailed spending across the enterprise, though inflation offset many of our initiatives. In both Flooring North America as well as Flooring Rest of the World, we're taking restructuring actions in specific areas to align our operations with the present market conditions. During the quarter, energy and material costs around the world began to decline which should positively affect our future results. While we're managing the present economic cycle, we're operating with a long-term perspective and expanding capacities in areas where we have the greatest growth potential when markets rebound. These include LVT, laminate, quartz countertops, porcelain slabs and insulation. We have reduced our planned capital spending until we see greater certainty in our markets around the world. We recently announced an agreement to resolve the securities class action lawsuit filed in January 2020. Though we believe the case is without merit, further litigation would be burdensome and expensive. We reached a settlement of $60 million, a significant portion of which will be covered by insurance and is subject to court approval. We also settled a dispute with the Belgian Tax Authority regarding royalty income. Though we believe our position is correct, we settled the $187 million assessment for EUR3 million. I'll turn the call over to Jim for a review of our fourth quarter financial performance.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. Sales for the quarter were just under $2.7 billion. That's a 4% decrease as reported or 1.3% on a constant basis. Favorable price/mix in the quarter was offset by reduced volume and unfavorable FX. The decrease was primarily driven by weakness In the U.S. as residential markets slowed more than expected in the quarter. Gross margin, as reported, was 20.9% and excluding one-time items, was 22.4% versus 26.8% in the prior year. The year-over-year decrease was primarily driven by higher inflation of $263 million, offset by stronger price/mix of $269 million and productivity of $16 million. The fourth quarter margin was further negatively impacted by a weaker volume of $95 million, temporary plant shutdowns of $69 million and FX headwinds of $12 million. SG&A as reported was 18.6% of sales. And excluding one-time items was 17.9%, inline with the prior year. On dollar basis, the favorable impact of FX of $12 million and volume of $3 million was partially offset by price/mix of $6 million and inflation of $3 million. Operating margin as reported was 2.3% for the quarter. Restructuring and one-time charges, $58 million, including initiatives in Flooring North America and Flooring Rest of the World and our disclosed litigation settlements. The restructuring charges combined the initiatives announced in Q2 and a new project in Flooring Rest of the World to better align our LVT assets with market conditions. Operating margin, excluding charges, was 4.5%, and the year-over-year decline in operating income was primarily driven by higher inflation of $266 million, offset by price/mix of $263 million, productivity of $15 million, lower start-up and other items of $8 million, although these were not enough to counter the weaker volume of $92 million and increasing temporary plant shutdowns of $69 million. Interest expense for the quarter was $15 million, and other income -- other expense was a $10 million expense due to unfavorable impact of transactional FX. In the fourth quarter, our non-GAAP tax rate was 12.6% versus 18.9% in the prior year. We are forecasting the full year 2023 tax rate to be between 21% and 22% with some quarterly variations. Earnings per share, as reported, was $0.52 and excluding charges, was $1.32. Turning to the segments. Global Ceramics had sales of $988 million, that's a 4% increase as reported and 5% on a constant basis. Actions to drive favorable price and mix across the segment and improved year-over-year volume in the U.S. offset weakening unit volumes in other geographies. Operating income, excluding charges, was $70 million, which is a 16.7% increase versus prior year and operating margin at 7.1% improved 70 basis points due to improved price/mix of $111 million, productivity gains of $17 million and favorable FX and other items of $8 million, offsetting the increase in inflation of $85 million, lower volume of $28 million and related increased temporary plant shutdowns of $14 million. Flooring North America had sales of $946 million. That's a 6.8% decrease versus prior year as weaker volumes was only partially offset by favorable price/mix. The volume decrease was primarily a result of declines in residential channels and customers lowering inventory levels with consumers deferring discretionary spending. On an adjusted basis, Flooring North America's operating margin was approximately breakeven. The year-over-year decline in profitability was driven by weakening volume of $32 million, Temporary plant shutdowns of $33 million, and the impact of higher cost inventory and other inflation flowing through the P&L of $109 million, only being partially offset by price/mix of $71 million and productivity of $8 million. We expect many of these issues to carryover to Q1 then in Q2 with seasonally stronger sales, lower costs and increased production levels, we should see a solid improvement in profitability. And finally, Flooring Rest of the World had sales of $717 million. That's a 9.9% decrease as reported and 2% on a constant basis. Installation products continued with strong growth in the quarter, but it was not enough to compensate for declines seen in the flooring categories, primarily laminate and LVT as inflation resulted in consumers reducing discretionary spending and in turn, customers lowering inventory levels. Operating margin, excluding charges, was 7.7% for the quarter. Operating income declined versus prior year. It was a result of the decrease in volumes of $32 million, temporary plant shutdowns of $22 million, which contributed to lower productivity of $10 million and increases in inflation of $79 million, only partially offset by price/mix actions of $81 million for the quarter. With the business concentrated in residential channels, we expect a number of these issues to impact Q1, which results improving as we move through the year as lower energy and material costs should drive higher consumer spending. Corporate and eliminations was $6 million in Q4 and $37 million for the full year. Moving to the balance sheet. The company generated free cash flow of $91 million in the fourth quarter and over $165 million in the second half of 2022. Receivables for the quarter ended at $1.9 billion with the DSO at 60 days versus 56 days in the prior year, due in part to customer and channel mix. Inventories ended at just under $2.8 billion or a 17% increase versus prior year, but declined 4% versus the third quarter. The year-over-year growth in inventory was primarily due to a spike in inflation. And sequentially, the decrease is primarily due to lowering of production levels to better align with demand. Inventory days ended at 138 days for the current year versus 131 in the third quarter. Property, plant and equipment ended at just shy of $4.7 billion and capital for the quarter was $151 million versus D&A of $159 million. For the full year, CapEx ended at $581 million and D&A of $595 million. Our current view for 2023 is a forecast of $560 million for CapEx and D&A of $592 million, but we will adjust with the changing environment. And finally, the company maintains a strong overall balance sheet with gross debt of $2.8 billion and leverage at 1.3 times adjusted EBITDA. This strength gives us the flexibility to manage through the challenging environment. And with that, I'll turn it over to Chris.
Christopher Wellborn: Thank you, Jim. The Global Ceramic segment increased sales and earnings with a higher mix of new residential construction and commercial sales than our overall business. Residential ceramic sales in all geographies are slowing and operating margins are contracting due to lower volumes and manufacturing shutdowns. The cost of energy and transportation are declining, which will benefit our margins as these costs flow through our inventory. In the U.S., Ceramic sales and volume both increased as we benefited from our premium product offering, price increases and growing countertop business. Our collections with larger sizes and unique finishes, combined with specialized structures and shapes are enhancing our sales and mix. We're increasing our sales efforts in growing categories, including health care, hospitality and fitness as well as multifamily and build-for-rent homes. Cost inflation increased as higher energy and transportation expenses from prior periods were incurred. We are optimizing material supply chains and reengineering formulations to improve our costs. We reduced our inventories during the quarter by lowering production and enhancing our import strategies. We are reducing discretionary spending and limiting capital investments. To support additional growth in our quartz countertop sales, we are adding manufacturing capacity by the end of this year. Our countertop mix continues to improve as we expand our premium collections featuring our advanced painting technology. Our Ceramic business in Europe remains under pressure with slowing demand, customer inventory reductions and inflation. Our cost in the quarter were impacted by peak energy prices in the third quarter and reductions in plant volumes from temporary shutdowns. We are receiving energy subsidies in Italy, but we remain disadvantaged to some competitors who have long-term energy contracts. Natural gas prices have declined substantially, though disruptions could impact future costs. As Ceramic sales slow, the market is becoming more competitive. We are introducing new technologies to enhance surface textures, expand design capabilities and improve our costs. We are completing the expansion of our large porcelain slabs to support continued growth and enhance our styling. We have successfully reformulated our body composition to use alternative materials. Sales in both Mexico and Brazil decelerated in the quarter as inflation and increasing interest rates reduced residential demand. We anticipate continued near-term weakness and have reduced production levels in both countries. To cover inflation, we are managing mix and pricing. Natural gas prices in the regions are declining in line with the worldwide market and will lower cost as it flows through inventory. We have completed the acquisition of Elizabeth in Brazil and are awaiting regulatory approval to close Vitromex in Mexico. These acquisitions will position us as top producer in two of the world's largest ceramic markets. We anticipate significant synergies in all aspects of the businesses, which will enhance our sales and margins. We should be well positioned to leverage our combined strengths when the markets emerge from this downturn. During the fourth quarter, our Flooring Rest of World segment was impacted by high inflation in energy prices and consumers reduced investments in Home Improvement. This caused a decline in Residential sales, which comprise a majority of the segment's business. As consumer spending slowed, our customers further reduced their inventory levels, which lowered market demand even more. In response, we implemented temporary plant shutdowns and reduced our inventory levels, compressing our margins. Natural gas prices in Europe peaked at an unprecedented level in the third quarter, raising our material and production costs. Our pricing and mix did not fully cover inflation, which remains a headwind. We remain focused on optimizing volume with selective promotions as well as controlling costs until the business improves. To enhance our competitive position, we are increasing our supply chain from outside the European Union. We have initiated additional restructuring actions to align with current conditions. Since the beginning of 2023, gas prices have declined substantially and material costs should follow. Assuming this trend holds, Europe should see lower overall inflation with higher wages, consumer spending should increase. During the quarter, all of our European Flooring categories experienced significant volume declines with many residential remodeling projects being postponed as inflation eroded consumer discretionary spending. Our product/mix was impacted as homeowners purchased lower-priced flooring to maintain their budgets. We are launching new product collections and expanding promotional activities to improve our sales. Higher cost inventory will compress our margins until it flows through our costs. Our sheet vinyl sales outperformed our other flooring categories as consumers chose lower-priced alternatives. We are improving the small polish sheet vinyl plant we acquired in the third quarter by increasing its output, reducing its cost and expanding its distribution. We are expanding our rigid LVT offering as it takes some share from flexible. We are increasing our existing operations and improving our formulation to lower our costs. We're adding new rigid production that make smaller runs with additional patented features. We will phase out of the residential-flexible LVT products and will close the supporting production. The cost of this new restructuring initiative is approximately $45 million with a cash cost of approximately $7.5 million, resulting in annualized cost savings of $15 million and significantly increased sales. Our Insulation business is growing as conserving energy has become a higher priority and building requirements have increased. We selectively increased pricing to cover higher material costs, and we lowered production in the fourth quarter to reduce inventory levels. We are growing our sales and distribution in the U.K. as we start up our new insulation plan. Our Panels business has faced the same pressures as our other categories with softening demand and rising material prices. During the quarter, our customers continued to reduce their inventory levels, further impacting our sales. Anticipating higher winter wood and energy costs, we maintained our inventory levels going into the first quarter. Our investments in green energy have benefited our performance by reducing our reliance on higher cost gas and electricity. The integration of our recent mezzanine acquisition in Germany is progressing as planned. We are defining best practices and utilizing our own manufacturing to replace source boards. Our business in Australia and New Zealand are slowing with the local economies as inflation and mortgage rates are impacting foreign sales. We are taking actions to align our cost and inventory levels with the expected volume decline. We have announced additional price increases and are initiating selective promotions to maximize our sales. We are updating our product offering and enhancing our merchandising to capture greater market share. As in other categories, commercial sales are stronger than residential and we are increasing our participation in specified projects. For the quarter, Flooring North America sales decreased faster than anticipated, primarily due to declines in residential channels, rug and customer inventory reductions. With inflation and interest rates at high levels, many consumers defer discretionary spending or traded down to lower cost products. Earnings in the segment were compressed due to lower sales, consumption of higher-cost materials, reduced inventory levels and temporary plant shutdowns. Our hard surface products outperformed soft and the commercial sector remains stronger than residential with hospitality showing the most growth. In response to slower market conditions, we are completing our restructuring actions, deferring capital projects and reducing discretionary spending. During 2022, we reduced our costs through process enhancements and rationalization of less efficient facilities while absorbing historically high inflation. We continue to adjust our strategies to manage the near-term market conditions, reductions in energy and materials should become a tailwind in the second quarter. Our commercial business remains solid as remodeling and new construction projects continue. We maintained strong margins in the quarter with pricing and mix offsetting inflation. Our flexible LVT products are a preferred alternative that provides versatile styling with easy installation. The combination of our carpet tile and LVT collections enables the customization of commercial spaces with unique designs. Our integration of a small flooring accessories acquisition is proceeding well. The company produces rubber baseboards and stair treads used in commercial installations and broadens our current flooring accessory business. In the fourth quarter, sales of residential soft services declined more than other categories, sales weakened as retailers reduced inventory with declining consumer sentiment and home sales. The multifamily channel was the strongest performer, and we are realigning resources focused more on this sector. As demand dropped in the quarter, we increased temporary shutdowns, which resulted in higher, unabsorbed costs. We have significantly lowered inventories in the fourth quarter and are reducing costs by eliminating less efficient manufacturing, enhancing productivity and adjusting production to demand. Participation in our recent flooring roadshows was at a record level with leading retailers expressing optimism about the year ahead. Our rug sales were lower as national retailers continue to adjust inventories with reduced consumer spending. We are restructuring our rug operations to lower cost and align production with demand. The integration of our nonwoven rug and carpet acquisition is progressing well and provides new opportunities with our existing customers. Our resilient sales grew in the quarter as we leveraged our WetProtect and antimicrobial technologies to differentiate our collections. We offset inflation through pricing and mix, though increased plant shutdowns resulted in higher unabsorbed costs and lower margins. We are introducing new collections to expand our offering while eliminating less productive SKUs. Our sheet vinyl sales were higher as consumers pursued budget friendly flooring options and the multifamily channel strengthened. The first phase of our new West Coast LVT plant is operating at expected levels. We are preparing new technologies that will improve our cost and add differentiated features. We will install additional production lines and train personnel throughout this year. Our Premium Laminate sales were impacted by slowing retail traffic and customer inventory adjustment. Our laminate is gaining acceptance as an alternative waterproof product in all channels. During the quarter, we offset inflation through pricing and mix, though our margins were impacted by lower absorption from temporary shutdowns as we reduced our inventory. We are beginning to see reductions in material inflation, which should help us recover our costs. Our new manufacturing line, which began last year, is operating at planned levels and will deliver our next generation of laminate features. With its industry-leading design and performance, our laminate business is in an excellent position to capitalize on the growing waterproof flooring category. Now I'll return the call to Jeff for his closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Chris. The flooring industry is slowing due to higher interest rates, sustained inflation and low consumer confidence. The visibility of the depth and duration of this cycle is limited and conditions differ across the world. Mohawk has a strong record of managing these downturns by proactively executing the necessary actions. We're adjusting our business for the current conditions by reducing production level, inventory, cost structures and capital expenditures. We're implementing restructuring actions in both Flooring North America and Flooring Rest of the World to streamline operations, reduce SG&A and rationalize higher-cost assets. In the first quarter, we anticipate more pressure on pricing and mix due to the low industry volumes. Our inventory costs remain elevated in most products due to the higher material and energy that we incurred in earlier periods. Additionally, we will not raise production as normal in the first quarter to prepare for future demand, increasing our unabsorbed costs. Our cost of energy have fallen and should benefit our global margins as our inventory turn. Our second quarter results should have sequentially stronger improvement with seasonally higher sales, increased production and lower material costs. Significantly lower cost of energy in Europe should enhance consumer spending, discretionary purchases and flooring demand. We're refocusing our sales teams on the channels that are performing the best in the current environment. We're introducing new innovative collections and merchandising as well as targeted promotions to improve sales. Given these factors, we anticipate our first quarter EPS to be between $1.24 and $1.34, excluding restructuring and other charges. Around the world, the long-term demand for housing will require significant investments in new construction and remodeling. Mohawk is uniquely positioned with a comprehensive array of innovative products, industry-leading distribution and strength in all sales channels. We're implementing structural changes to navigate the industry's challenges while optimizing our future results. We anticipate coming out of this downturn in a stronger position as we benefit from our bolt-on acquisitions, enhanced market positions in Brazil and Mexico and strategic expansion of our high-growth product categories. Our balance sheet is well positioned to manage the current cycle and to drive future growth and profitability. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Phil Ng from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Phil Ng: Jeff, a quick question. In terms of your price/cost despite demand is actually weaker last year, you managed price/cost actually really well, but you did highlight you're seeing a little more competition on pricing. But raws are falling as well and kind of flowed through a little more in 2Q. So how should we think about that price/cost equation looking in the current backdrop in 2023 and how that progresses through the year? Any pockets where we're seeing a little more pricing competition in particular you want to flag?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So the energy and material costs are moving. The low amount of volume we're seeing across the world, we're seeing additional promotions and pieces. So far, it's been controlled pieces across most of the marketplaces, and so we think that's going to continue. In our first quarter, we said we expect more pressure on pricing and mix at the lowest part of the year. And then we think that we're going to see some balancing of the cost and pricing better in the second quarter as the costs flow through inventory. We'll have to see how the rest of the year goes. We're going to have to continue to manage it and change as required.
James Brunk: And Phil, from a year-over-year perspective, we would expect that you still have the higher cost inventory layers that are going to come off in the first quarter. And with that renewed pressure on price and mix, I would expect the gap between price/mix and inflation to be greater in the first quarter than the fourth quarter, and that was included in our guidance.
Phil Ng: Got you. So it feels like your margins are going to bottom out in 1Q and get progressively better throughout the year. That's really good color. And then help us think through productivity. You talked about you're rolling out some restructuring efforts in North America and the Rest of World. But demand is a little weaker and you're seeing more start-up costs with new capacity coming on. So give us a little color how to think about productivity for this year? And then how is the acceptance of some of these new capacity that's coming on? I think you're bringing on laminate, you got some LVT coming on as well. How's the product acceptance so far?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The productivity piece is driven by multiple pieces as we slowdown -- some of it we isolate -- some of the costs we isolate into temporary shutdowns, but we don't catch them all. So the productivity ends up a catch-all for all of those things that change as they go through. We think due to the volume -- the volume differences between last year and this year, the productivity is going to be less in almost all the businesses. If you remember last year, we were coming out of COVID in the first half, we were building inventories and running most of the businesses at very high levels. This year, we're going to be running at much lower levels and that's what's going to show up in the productivity decrease as we go through. I think your other question was around the new investments. The new investments are all in areas that are growing and that we've had capacity limitations, and we think they're preparing this for a growth cycle as we go to the -- as we come out of this cycle at the other end, we're putting in -- the pieces are -- so we're adding laminate, which has been a growing category in the pieces as we go through. And it's expanding because it is becoming more accepted as a waterproof option, which is a technology we've brought in as an alternative to LVT and it's actually more resistant to scratches and more durable. We're increasing our quartz countertop business, which our lines has been running full. We've been supplementing with imported products to support greater sales, and that should be starting up at the end of this year. The investments in LVT In the western part of the country should support broader U.S. -- broader local-based production of it and should give us advantages by having both East Coast and West Coast production. And then we can supplement or not, source products we're doing with the same equipment. We are out of production in our ceramic slab businesses, which is based in Europe. it's a growing category that's taking the high-end marketplace as another alternative. And so we're increasing it. And finally, we've just started up a new insulation plant in Europe. in the U.K. It puts us in a new region that we haven't been in, and it's starting up now and expanding its production. So we've chosen the parts of the business that have the growth -- largest growth potential. And we think as we go into '24, it's going to pay us a lot of benefit.
Phil Ng: Just a point of clarification on that productivity comment, Jeff. you said it's a catch-all, less productivity versus last year, but on a year-over-year basis, is that still a good guy or you would expect it to be a negative headwind on a year-over-year basis?
James Brunk: On a year-over-year basis, when we get outside the first quarter, it should become more of a positive. Again, what you have is when you're running the facilities, even if it's not a complete shutdown, if you're running slower, you do have inefficiencies both in labor and material that are going to come through the productivity line.
Phil Ng: Okay. Super. Thanks a lot for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning, Susan.
Susan Maklari: My first question is, can you help us think about that sequential lift that you expect for the second quarter relative to what we normally see in sort of historical years? Should it be bigger than what we've otherwise seen, given some of the factors that you outlined? And then how do we think about the cadence through the year? Is it reasonable to think that first quarter should be the low point?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So going into the first quarter, residential sales are slowing and customers are minimizing the inventory. So we're expecting them to keep their inventories low at this point. We are using high-cost inventory levels in the first quarter. Production volumes are lower than last year when the business benefited from a rebound we just talked about. There's more pressure on pricing and mix due to the industry volume and competition trying to utilize facilities as we are. We see inflation impacting our labor costs around the world as we start raising the labor rates, and we're actually putting some more investments in new products to reposition some of the pieces to optimize our volume this year. With this, we're anticipating improving conditions as we go into the second quarter with lower costs. To remind you, normally, margins expand as we go into the second quarter. We think that will expand a little more this year because of seasonally stronger volume and mix. In both our Flooring Rest of the World and North American segments, we're expecting the margins to improve as the cost and pricing better align from this inventory flow-through. We believe that European demand will also improve. In Europe, their wages are increasing at a higher rate than they are in the United States. And then over the winter, their energy costs were so high that it really impacted their discretionary spending. So we see that changing as the new gas prices flow through the economy. With all that, we see the input being a tailwind. Production levels should increase from where they are in the second -- first quarter to the second quarter. We see restructuring should start benefiting us more as we go through. And then -- so I guess last as we go through -- and we go into the fall of the year, the fall comparison should be weaker and we think that the category could improve with inflation declining, wages being higher and potentially housing starts improving from the bottom.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's very helpful color, Jeff. And then my second question is how do you think about the longer-term trajectory for your Flooring North America margins? You obviously made up a lot of ground in the last couple of years relative to where we were before the pandemic. How much of that do you think you can hold on to as things normalize? And how should we be thinking about what that new rate of profitability could look like?
Jeff Lorberbaum: First, where we are today, you have those peak costs that we didn't -- we weren't able to cover. So the cost peaked in the third quarter. It's still flowing through our inventory. The pricing never got aligned with it as the inventories were falling off. So that impacted the margins. As we go through, the cost and prices should more align helping the margins. And then overtime, we expect them to continue increasing. But in this environment, there's pressure on everything. So we'll have to get through this year, and they should improve significantly as we go into next year.
James Brunk: Just to remind you, this cycle is a little bit different. It's not typical like other cycles. The employment remains strong with wages increasing. Housing remains in short supply and low mortgages will kind of limit people moving as much, aging homes, higher home values should support future remodeling and strengthen the rebound or the pent-up demand. Commercial projects continue to be initiated, that's holding at this point. And inflation is slowing and interest rates may actually be near peak.
Susan Maklari: Okay. So is it reasonable to assume then that you can sustainably operate at a higher level than you were at, say, in 2019 or so, but maybe still holding a bit below the peaks that we've seen earlier -- in the earlier years?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't have the numbers in my head to compare them like you're asking. I think that in this year, what you have is all the lack of visibility, and we don't exactly know what the volumes are going to be and the competition is going to be. So we'll have to adjust as we go forward.
Susan Maklari: Okay. All right. Thank you, Jeff. Good luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research Company. Please go ahead.
Eric Bosshard: Thank you. A couple of things. First of all, you talked about the pressure on price/mix, which still look to be, I think, ahead of cost as was here in 4Q. But I'm curious, Jeff, in prior cycles, is it -- this changes for -- it sounds like it's -- there's some pressure for a quarter or two and then it improves. How should we think about how price /mix behaves through sort of this phase of the cycle, not just 1Q, but throughout kind of 2023?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Price /mix, first of all, you have a channel change as you go through. As you go through the cycles, the highest -margin businesses we have, with the retail replacement business, remodeling businesses and those slowdown first. So those margins slow down, and that impacts the mix as we go through. So that's having one part of it. The margins have been affected by these lower throughput through the plant as our cost increase and then we have to make conscious decisions over what we do with the infrastructure and how far you cut it back in order to make sure that you're able to operate as the business improves on the other side of the pieces. So we're managing those and keep changing the strategy based on what the volume levels do. The other thing, I guess, going on this year is you have -- recently, all the channel inventories were taken down. We think they should be bottomed out about now. We think the energy and inflation in Europe is going to be a big change in it as it flows through the economy over there. We see residential remodeling and home sales improving as we go through the year. And with that, we expect the mix to improve as the other categories improve.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. So the favorable price /mix, which was $270 million or thereabouts in the quarter, that number from what you're saying, that doesn't have to necessarily step down meaningfully in 2023. That number can still -- I guess the question is, is there a trade down? Is there this change? Does that number deflate or contract meaningfully from the level that it's at now? Or is that not how it works?
James Brunk: You are going to -- Eric, and we're seeing it right now, you're going to see some trade down. Again, it depends if you're looking sequentially versus year -over-year. But in the first quarter year -over-year, you do have some still favorable price /mix from all the pricing that was initiated in Q2, Q3 and Q4 of last year. And then you are going to get to a point where you start overlapping the initiatives from 2022. The point is, and especially in the first quarter with the lower volumes and until that starts to pick up, you're going to continue to see pricing pressure in the marketplace.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. And then the second question just relates to the competitive environment. I think you talked about some restructuring of your Europe LVT business. Is transport costs, and specifically, I'm thinking ocean costs of bringing containers of LVT to the U.S. has changed. I'm curious how you're seeing the U.S. competitive dynamic supply situation. I guess, narrowly in LVT, different now or ask differently, how the global supply of LVT is influencing the market and your expectations for 2023?
Chris Wellborn: Yes. I'll comment on that. So specifically related to imports, the import prices have been declining, but also our production cost in the U.S. has been declining. As you look at the competitive situation, we have a broad offering for both Residential and Commercial. We participate in all price points of rigid and flexible LVT. Imports are declining and the U.S. material and energy costs are also falling. Our local costs are higher than imports, but we get a premium for better service versus supply chains that can be three months or longer. We're improving our production and adding features like WetProtect that protects subfloors and antimicrobial to differentiate. And then lastly, our West Coast plant will -- cost will continue to fall as that plant comes up. Operator Our next question comes from Truman Patterson from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Truman Patterson: I'll just ask a multipart question and keep mine to one. But following up on some of the prior questions, clearly, nat gas was a large headwind for Ceramics throughout 2022. It's clearly nosedived here recently, both in the U.S. and Europe. I know you all have that high -cost inventory you need to work through. You all were hedged partially in Europe in the fourth quarter. But any chance nat gas, ceramics -- any chance you can help us think through some of the potential cost tailwinds as we move through the year and we get through some of these items? And do you primarily give these cost tailwinds back through pricing, trying to stimulate demand? Or are there any offsets that you all think you might be able to maintain pricing and kind of recapture that price cost?
Chris Wellborn: Well, let's talk about the cost first. So as the -- as we get in the back half of the year, our costs should be more in line with our competitors. We should be pretty much equal.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The European comment.
Chris Wellborn: Yes. European and then there will be -- we do think there's going to be volume pressure in the market. But as those energy costs continue to come down and wages go up, we think demand could be higher in Europe going forward. So it just depends on how that works out.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And then around the world, the energy prices are continuing to come down everywhere, and it will impact the cost. We're going to have to see what happens with the competitive environment, given the slowing conditions around the world.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Should I extrapolate that for North America, U.S. as well?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Correct.
Truman Patterson: All right. Thank you, all.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Dahl from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mike Dahl: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Sorry to beat the dead horse here on the price /cost stuff, but I'll ask one more. On the pricing side, I guess, correct me if I'm wrong, but some of the pricing last year, we were under the assumption, it was almost kind of like surcharge pricing that layered in pretty quickly in relation to some of the energy cost increases on both product and maybe on some of the logistics also. So I guess the question is, to what extent is it more kind of quantitative or mathematic in terms of how much pricing comes off as some of those costs come down and maybe those surcharges roll off?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You're correct that we did in different markets on different products have some of it is temporary surcharges. It was both on product and on freight, and most of those surcharges have now gone away, and they don't exist anymore at this point. And the majority of the increases though were put through by price increases in the marketplace, and we're having to -- we'll just have to manage those relative to the competition to stay competitive with the world changes.
Mike Dahl: Okay. That's helpful. And my second question, just in relation to the channel inventories and then your own production, where is your sense of where channel inventories are, obviously, just cover a rough range of products and geographies, so either kind of high level or by region, do you think you -- are you back at normal levels? Are you below normal levels? I was just trying to gauge the risk of further destock here in part?
Jeff Lorberbaum: As a general statement, we think there was a significant amount taken out in the fourth quarter and the third quarter. And we believe in most markets, they should be close to the bottom. There's some where the costs and prices and supply was a little tighter and longer. So there may be some in a few regional markets. But for the most case, we are assuming they're close to the bottom at this point, but we'll know after this quarter.
Mike Dahl: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Stephen Kim: Yes. Thanks very much for all the info. I'm going to sort of follow up on that last question there regarding inventory. With respect to the plant shutdowns and your planned inventory reduction, I understand that market forces are driving some of this. But it also seems like there's a bit of an opportunistic aspect, perhaps, where you're shifting the timing of your annual production into periods with lower commodity cost. So in other words, what I'm curious about is, if commodity costs were not declining as they are, would you still take the same amount of shutdowns? Or are you planning to take a little bit more than you would otherwise do because of the trajectory of commodity costs? And then finally, can we get some guidance about where your inventories and dollars could go over the next couple of quarters?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So in the fourth quarter, we made conscious decisions to decrease the inventories in some of the businesses, given our forward view of the commodity prices. And so we took them down even knowing that our customers were also taking them down, which also hurt our margins in the quarter. And some of the businesses in Europe, we made a choice not to take them down. At the time we were looking at it, and we didn't know whether there was going to be a spike in the energy costs and we actually left some of the inventories higher in anticipation of higher costs in the first quarter, which we are going to reverse out in the first quarter now that didn't -- it didn't happen like we thought. So we actually -- if we knew what would happen, we probably would have taken those down sooner as if. So we are making those decisions on a constant basis based on our future view of the dynamics of the business. I forgot the other part of your question.
James Brunk: So the other part, Stephen, in terms of our view of kind of our inventory plan for 2023, presently, we would expect the year to be kind of at year-end to be slightly below where we ended in 2022. Obviously, it really depends upon the demand conditions as we go through second quarter and the second half of the year and the pace of inflation.
Stephen Kim: Okay. So that's a year -end comment. In terms of the trajectory here over the next couple of quarters, though, can you give us an idea of what we might expect, Jim?
James Brunk: I mean the goal is to try to keep the inventory levels and production very close to demand. So that was the principle -- one of the principles behind not building the inventory as we normally do in Q1.
Stephen Kim: Second question relates to mix; not price per se, but mix. You've mentioned that you've seen trade down across your categories, reflecting pressure that the average consumer is feeling with their rising household expenses. And so basically, the consumer's P&L, if you will, is driving negative mix. But on the other hand, certainly in the U.S., but in many other markets, I think you've seen homeowners balance sheet strengthen dramatically due to much higher home equity levels. And so my question is, do you expect this to show up eventually in favorable mix as folks tap into that home equity? And are you positioning your product assortments in any way to be able to capitalize on an eventual move to higher -end products or a richer mix, which is different from what you're seeing like right now?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes, to your question, it's really a question of timing. At this point, we see we're towards the front end of it. I mean it started with the housing slowing down in the third quarter. So we're seeing at the front end so we would be doing all that later in the year.
Chris Wellborn: We're also -- Stephen, I know in LVT and Ceramic like in Ceramic, we've got new collections with larger sizes and specialized shapes, all that are helping the mix. And we're also doing some of that in LVT as well. So we are doing things to take advantage of a higher mix.
Stephen Kim: Perfect. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Hughes from Truist Security. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Question, you talked about this a little bit earlier, but just some more clarification. This sequential rise into the second quarter, is that going to be felt in all three segments? And which one would you say would feel at the most?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The two ones that will feel at the most, as we said before, will be Flooring North America and Flooring Rest of the World as their costs better aligned with the pieces as you go through and then the Ceramic business has held up better because of the different mix it has. So it won't have the same change in the other as the other two. So we think those two will be much more than the other ones for those reasons.
Keith Hughes: And one other question, just within that, will it be returning to normal production that's the biggest risk? Or is it other -- what would be the biggest kind of one, two factors that would cause a sequential?
James Brunk: Well, I'd say it's a combination, really. And so you have seasonally higher demand, so that's going to help me on the volume. My production increases. So then my plants just by the nature of it are going to run better. So I don't have that unabsorbed expenses shutdowns. And then the last one would be the cost kind of align. So inflation is not as impactful is the hope as you go through Q2.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Participant: Hi, guys. This is Andrew [indiscernible] on for Mike. I guess I just wanted to head on in terms of multiyear acquisition strategy. Where are you seeing any opportunity in terms of products or geographies?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's see. We just -- we're in the midst of concluding two ceramic acquisitions. We talked about in Brazil and Mexico. We think those are really good ones for us because we have positions in both marketplaces, and it will put us in either the first or second position in each marketplace. They are huge ceramic markets and the combination of the two businesses will enable us to have a complete offering from top to bottom in both marketplaces and the companies tend to be in different -- focus on different areas of the business. In both markets, we tend to be a little higher in the product offerings. And so they fill in the lower parts of the market for us to help us get the biggest opportunities out of them. So we see both of them really helping us once we get the two businesses put together. Other than that, usually, in this environment, you don't do a lot of acquisitions when people's margins are low. Unless they're in real trouble, they tend not to want to sell given both their margins and the market multiple. So I wouldn't assume that we're going to do much until you get to the other side where you're coming out and the multiples go up and the margin starts expanding.
Unidentfied Participant: Okay. Thank you for that.
Operator: The next question comes from John Lovallo from UBS. Please go ahead.
John Lovallo: Hey, guys. Thank you for putting me in here. The first question is on cash flow conversion this year, given similar CapEx levels and entering the year at sort of higher working capital levels. How are you guys thinking about free cash flow conversion?
James Brunk: So a couple of things to note there. In the second half of the year, we generated a little over $165 million coming into 2022, obviously, we're behind on inventory, so we had to kind of build up inventory. So for 2023, our visibility is limited. We do expect cash flow to improve, but it's worthy to note that we're investing in growth categories and acquisitions to try to improve the long -term results.
John Lovallo: Got you. Okay. And then the second question is, it sounds like the Commercial business has held up really well. Are you seeing any signs of slowing in that business?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You start with the ABI Index, which I'm sure we're all watching, it's been under 50 for several months. So it looks like there's less projects going to be -- most of those projects tend to have at least a time before we get to them, a minimum of a year and some up to three years. So it takes a while for the projects that come through to know what's going on. Some categories in Commercial are performing better than others, like hotels didn't invest during the whole time. There's still investments in hotels going on to update them and keep them and it's performing the best. So -- and it all depends on the economy. But again, it's got a long tail to it.
John Lovallo: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Next question comes from Rafe Jadrosich from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Rafe Jadrosich: Hi, there. It's Rafe at BofA. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow up on a comment you made earlier in terms of the Europe natural gas input. I think you said that you saw costs would be more in line with competitors by year -end. I thought while raw material costs were going up, your competitors were hedged, so they had lower input costs. I would have thought as the kind of gas prices come down, and they're hedged, you would actually have sort of a benefit there, lower gas prices. Is there a window where your input costs will be lower because they're hedged and they don't get the benefit from the falling raw material cost?
Jeff Lorberbaum: First is that the comment was around our European Ceramic business, not all our businesses. And so in European Ceramic, the cost of gas prior to this was about 15% of the manufacturing cost. It peaked somewhere over 40%. And what we've said was going into this thing that we have not hedged gas prices historically. It has given us an advantage by not doing it. But as you went through these things as gas prices went up by 8 times to 10 times over there, we're competing against people that had hedged it at much lower prices. The comments were around this year as the gas prices have dropped substantially that we believe by the fall flowing through inventory, we should be on a competitive level with those companies that had hedged before this whole thing started.
Rafe Jadrosich: Got it. So because they're still hedged, will they have higher gas prices at the end of the year?
Chris Wellborn: I think where they are hedged will be more like what the market will be, is the way to look at that.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think their average hedging price will be similar because we're assuming that they hedged more during -- if you have a hedging policy that we're assuming that their average hedge prices will be similar to where our purchase prices will be.
Rafe Jadrosich: Okay. That's really helpful. And then just in terms of the planned CapEx, can you just break out how much of it is maintenance versus growth? Then within that growth component, like how much is Flooring categories versus some of the other growing lines like countertops? Thank you.
James Brunk: Well, the growth investments, I would say, are between $200 million and $250 million, depending on timing. Most of that would be in the Flooring area. Maintenance CapEx approximately is $250 million. And then the balance is on cost reductions, product innovation and acquisitions.
Rafe Jadrosich: Thank you. Very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Baumgarten from Zelman. Please go ahead.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey, everybody. Just a question on first quarter EPS given that's roughly in line -- expected to be in line with 4Q, should we expect from the segment level the performance to be similar as well?
James Brunk: Similar -- explain your question a little bit more, please.
Adam Baumgarten: You said your EPS guidance is really the same in 1Q versus what you put up in 4Q. So just from a segment fundamentals and performance, should that look similar as well?
James Brunk: So I would say Flooring North America, given the market conditions and such remains slow and they -- we do anticipate more pressure on pricing and mix with the higher cost inventory still being used. Production levels will still be low and labor inflation will increase. But given this, I still expect margins in Q1 should be slightly better and then strengthened in Q2 when the costs align and volume seasonally increases.
Adam Baumgarten: Got it. Thanks. And then just on the LVT piece, shutting down or exiting the business out of Europe, do you see -- do you foresee a similar move in North America at some point? And also just on the European exit in flexible, are you able to repurpose that capacity for the rigid manufacturing?
Chris Wellborn: Yes. Let's -- just to isolate that one question, so in Europe, we're replacing our residential flexible with rigid. We'll continue to produce flexible for the commercial market, and then in the U.S., you won't have that because we have a much larger commercial presence where we use our flexible LVT.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laura Champine from Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Laura Champine: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. In Flooring North America, are you holding share versus your competition?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think that the carpet industry, we are in line with the industry.
Laura Champine: Got it. And is the issue there more that carpet is losing share versus other Flooring categories? And do you think that -- if so, is that just a function of the mix shift towards Commercial? Or are there other factors still at play there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think it's a few different pieces. One is you're comparing to the fourth quarter, the prior year where we had really significant pent -up demand that the inventories were low, all the plants were running as much as we could get labor and material to run and you're comparing that now to an environment and our customers' inventories were low, and they were actually trying to build their inventories, which continued into the first half of the year. So you're comparing that to an environment where the opposite is occurring. Our customers are lowering inventories, the environment is slower. And so that's exacerbating the decrease, but it is still losing share to hard surface as it has been.
Laura Champine: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group. Please go ahead.
Brian Biros: Hey. Good afternoon. It's actually Brian Biros on for Kathryn. Thank you for taking my questions. It seems like after Q1, maybe starting in Q2 or even midyear, things are expected to ramp up from the current low levels going on now. What indicators do you guys look at to understand when and how much to ramp up production? There's obviously just seasonality lift. But beyond that, is it strictly just orders coming in? Or are there other metrics you look at to kind of get a sense of how do we get ahead of this retail customer, the new resi activity that picks up to be ready for the ramp -up and not just reacting to it?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We act differently based on the capacity utilization. So in a slow marketplace, you have excess capacity and you can react to it so you don't have to anticipate it more. Earlier in the call, we talked about in some period -- we usually build inventory in the first quarter to cover the peaks in the rest of the year, which would be a typical year. So this year, we're not acting the same way because of the capacity availability that we have.
Brian Biros: Okay. That's helpful. And second question, I guess, is given the restructuring plans you guys have, adjustments of product, operating lines, plants, is there a way to think about kind of the new Mohawk capacity going forward here, a lot of moving pieces, especially since you're also adding some products as well. But is there just a way to understand what the company is able to serve going forward now versus what it was previously? Maybe something like we took out 5% of capacity or across our footprint. Just any color on that kind of dynamic would be helpful.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that the -- on the capacity side, what we've done is we've reduced some of the carpet less -efficient plants. We're aligning the rug business with lower volumes in it. And we said we were taking out the -- some capacity and flexible in Europe. So those are the decreases in the business. The increases are in the main growth categories, which we've been telling you about, and I can repeat them again or I think you have them already.
Brian Biros: We got them. Thank you. Okay. So that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Bouley from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Matthew Bouley: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking the questions. Another one on the Q1 earnings guide, just to make sure we got all this right. It sounds like you're speaking to some additional kind of headwinds that might be worse sequentially. Price/cost, I heard you mentioned, obviously, reducing production and all that. You're guiding to earnings flat sequentially, roughly, and historically, Q1 is below that of Q4. So I'm just curious what else we're missing there? What might be a little bit better than you typically see seasonally? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't think that we're anticipating Q1 being significantly better. We are trying to tighter manage our inventories given that our future view is weaker and that we don't want to build inventory. We think that the commodity prices and energy prices will stay low. So we're not trying to build the inventories in the first quarter.
James Brunk: Matt, sequentially, when you think about it, so the two benefits that you have sequentially is the lower cost Q4 to Q1 and then less shutdowns Q4 to Q1. And so those are being offset partially with -- as we talked about, the price/mix, which is kind of all kind of leading you back to relatively flat quarter-to-quarter performance.
Matthew Bouley: Okay. That makes a lot of sense. That's very helpful there. And then secondly, back on the pricing environment in European Ceramic. And just any thoughts kind of if you kind of educate us historically, how does the market kind of typically react there to reductions in input costs and you mentioned the competitive environment. Just I know it's prognostication, but any thoughts from you guys on how you think the competitive environment will evolve, given the reduction in costs there? Thank you.
Chris Wellborn: I'll give you sort of an overview. Our business is under pressure there with slow demand, customer inventory reductions and inflation. Our results in the quarter were impacted by energy prices from the third quarter and temporary shutdowns. The market is still being supported with energy subsidies. And we still are, at least in the first part of the year, disadvantaged because of the hedging. I think as that -- as you go through the year, what we would hope to happen is that energy costs come down, that the consumer will be able to have a better situation with wages going up and energy costs going down. But I still think it will be a competitive situation in Italy for the short term.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Some of you don't keep up with Europe, there were people that their energy costs were more than their mortgages. I mean, it's a huge drag on the economy.
Matthew Bouley: Yes. Got it. All right. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Our next question comes from David MacGregor from Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
David MacGregor: Good morning, everyone. Jeff, just a question on the Commercial business here. How are you thinking about your competitive position in North American commercial flooring? And do you see sustainably better flooring fundamentals in this category and therefore, you invest more aggressively to gain share? Or do you attribute the relative strength you're seeing in Commercial to just timing and the typical lag of the categories to start showing behind changes in Residential and therefore, you kind of go forward with what you have. Just curious on how you're thinking longer term about capital allocation in the Commercial Flooring.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We've been supporting the Commercial business with both products and capacity to satisfy the demand that we think we have, and we haven't been restricting it. Typically, in these cycles, though, as we talked about Commercial is the last thing to fall off, this is really an unusual cycle because you -- typically all categories are in lower shape. In this thing, you have the hospitality that's doing really well at the moment where other categories are doing really poorly, the airline business is doing really well. We provide airline carpets. I mean, this is a really unusual environment that we haven't seen in prior cycles. We're going to have to see how the whole thing works out, but we continue to invest in the Commercial business. We have strong relationships. We have a broad product offering, and we'll continue to do so.
David MacGregor: Okay. If I could just ask a follow -up, really, just trying to calibrate here. Within your first quarter guidance, what do you assume for U.S. Residential for industry unit growth?
James Brunk: It depends if you're looking year -over-year or sequentially. So sequentially, we would expect the volume to improve generically across the business from a sales volume perspective, but certainly, year -over-year, it's going to be under pressure.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It will be significantly below last year.
James Brunk: Yes. Year-over-year going to be significantly below because remember, this time last year, we were still in a very hot market.
David MacGregor: Right. Yes, I think you discussed that previously on the call. I'm just trying to get some sense of what maybe quantitatively you're looking for, so we can calibrate against the guidance.
James Brunk: I don't really have a good number to give you just on specific on residential units.
David MacGregor: Okay. Thanks very much, gentlemen. Good luck.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jeff Lorberbaum for any closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you very much for joining us. We are in a strong position to manage through this period. It's going to be slower for the near term, and we're continuing to invest to optimize the long -term results, and we think we're in a very good position to improve our business as we come out. Thank you very much.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone. My name is Jamie, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Mohawk Industries Third Quarter 2022 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, October 28, 2022. Thank you. At this time, I'd like to introduce Mr. James Brunk, Mr. Brunk, you may begin your conference.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor call. Joining me on todays call are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, well update you on the companys third quarter and provide guidance for the fourth quarter. Id like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. Ill now turn the call over to Jeff for his opening comments. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Mohawk's third quarter sales increased to $2.9 billion, up 3.6% as reported or approximately 8.3% on a constant basis, primarily from price increases and strength in the commercial sector. Our sales in the quarter were weaker than we anticipated, as sales in the retail channel softened across all regions and product categories. The strengthening dollar also negatively impacted our translated sales for the quarter by $117 million or 4.1%. Our operating income declined as lower volume resulted in higher unabsorbed costs and material energy and transportation inflation impacted our results. Our global organization responded to the economic challenges with additional actions to optimize cost, productivity and inventory levels. There are substantial differences in the economic conditions affecting our various global markets and product categories. Our businesses in Europe have been impacted more than others, due to the unprecedented energy crisis and high inflation that has slowed the region's economy. Recently, spot gas prices in Europe have fallen drastically, though future prices have not correspondently declined. Our costs have continued to rise and our pricing in Europe has not kept up with recent material and energy inflation, which has compressed our margins. The Italian government provided energy subsidies during the third quarter and additional actions from both the European Union and individual countries are being discussed. The high cost of energy has forced European consumers to concentrate on necessities and defer discretionary purchases. Our sales and margins in the market will remain under pressure until the region overcomes these challenges. These postponed purchases will increase demand when the economy rebounds and enhance our results. The US is being more impacted by higher overall inflation and mortgage rates that have risen from below 3% to approximately 7%. The residential market, which is the most significant part of our business is expected to decline further before we see an inflection point. Remodeling has slowed, and our product mix has been impacted as consumers trade down to options that better fit their budgets. It is estimated that the US has a housing deficit of five million units and more than half of US homes are over 50 years old. Remodeling investments are expected to grow long-term as US housing stock ages and families with low mortgages choose to remain in their homes. Up until this point, our other geographies have been less impacted by inflation and higher interest rates. Our selling prices in those regions are better aligned with our costs and their margins remain strong even with their economy slowing. While we manage through the current conditions, we're also investing in our businesses for the long-term. We're expanding our capacity and growing product categories, including LVT, laminate, quartz countertops and premium ceramic and insulation. These projects should satisfy strengthening demand as our markets recover. We have recently completed a number of smaller acquisitions that will enhance our product offering and leverage our existing market positions. In Europe, these include sheet vinyl business, a mezzanine flooring company and a wood veneer plant. In the US, we acquired a non-woven flooring producer and a flooring accessories company. We're awaiting government approval of our Vitromex acquisition, which combined with our legacy business will make us the number two ceramic producer in Mexico. Our strong balance sheet provides us with additional opportunities to enhance our business. We recently published our 13th Annual Environmental, social & Governance report which highlights how doing what's right for the people and the planet is also benefiting our business. Our sustainable products excite both residential and commercial customers and our bottom line is enhanced by increasing recycled content, reducing waste and lowering our water and energy consumption. Now Jim will review our third quarter financial performance.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. Sales for the quarter were just over $2.9 billion. That's a 3.6% increase as reported or 8.3% on a constant basis due to the favorable impact of price and product mix, partially offset by declining volume and unfavorable FX. Gross margin for the quarter, as reported, was 24.5%, and excluding one-time items, was 25.6% versus 29.8% in the prior year. The year-over-year margin decrease is due to lower demand, increasing temporary manufacturing shutdowns, lower sales volume and FX headwinds, partially offset by productivity and pricing and mix, which successfully offset the increased year-over-year inflation impact. The actual detailed amounts of these items will be included in our MD&A of the 10-Q, which we filed after the call. SG&A as reported, was 17.9% of sales and 16.3%, excluding one-time items. And the adjusted absolute dollar expense was slightly favorable due to the impact of FX and cost containment actions, partially offset by inflation and price and mix. Operating margin as reported was a negative 17.3%, but excluding charges was 9.3% as the company's current market capitalization along with challenging economic conditions and higher discount rates, resulted in a non-cash goodwill and trade name impairment charge of $696 million in the quarter. The 9.3% operating margin, excluding charges, is 350 basis points decrease versus prior year, primarily driven by higher inflation; temporary plant shutdowns, which accounted for $55 million of the decrease in operating income and lower volumes, which accounted for $45 million of the decrease in operating income, partially offset by favorable price and mix and productivity gains along with net FX. Interest expense for the quarter was $14 million, in line with prior year, reflecting the full benefit of paying off the 2021 Eurobond late in the fourth quarter of 2021. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 17.9% for Q3 versus 21.4% in the prior year. We expect the Q4 tax rate to be approximately 20%, bringing the full year 2022 rate to approximately 21%. That leads us to an earnings per share, excluding charges, of $3.34. Now turning to the segments. In Global Ceramic, sales were just shy of $1.1 billion. That's a 9.8% increase as reported or 12.4% on a constant basis. Favorable pricing and mix initiatives more than compensated for the volume declines in the quarter, the sales growth was led by Europe, US and Brazil. Operating income, excluding charges, was $132 million, increasing approximately 11% versus the prior year, and adjusted operating margin improved 20 basis points to 12.1% due to strong price and mix actions, which offset higher year-over-year inflation, productivity gains and net favorable FX, partially offset by lower volumes. In Flooring North America, sales were just under $1.1 billion as well. That's a 3.7% increase year-over-year as reported. The growth in commercial, laminate and resilient offset weakness in residential carpet and rugs. Similar to Q2, excluding the decline in the major retailers rug demand, the reduction of that demand, net sales increased approximately 8% versus prior year. Operating margin, excluding charges, was 8%, equating to a 340 basis point decline versus prior year, due to the higher inflation, which was nearly offset by price and mix initiatives, temporary plant shutdowns and lower sales volumes, partially offset by productivity gains. And finally, Flooring Rest of the World, with sales of $731 million, that's a decrease of 4.8% as reported, but an increase of 9.4% on a constant basis, with price and mix actions driving solid growth in panels, Oceania and the insulation businesses. Operating margin, excluding charges, was 8.5%, a significant decrease versus prior year. The primary drivers of the decline were higher inflation, partially offset by the price and mix actions, temporary plant shutdowns and related unfavorable productivity, plus lower sales volumes. Corporate and elimination costs were $11 million for the quarter and expect the full year to be between $40 million and $45 million. Now turning to the balance sheet. Cash for the quarter ended at $327 million with free cash flow of $75 million in the quarter. Receivables ended at just over $2 billion, with DSOs slightly higher at 58 days compared to 57 days in the prior year. Inventories for the quarter ended at $2.9 billion. That's a 31% increase versus prior year, but a 3% increase versus the second quarter. The year-over-year increase is primarily driven by inflation making up approximately 76% of the increase and versus prior year -- prior quarter, excuse me, inflation and acquisitions drive the increase. Q3 inventory days stand at 131 days. Property plant and equipment was just over $4.5 billion, with Q3 capital spending at $150 million and D&A at $153 million. To better align with the slowing demand, we have aggressively reduced our full year capital plan by 20% to approximately $620 million with B&A projected at $559 million. And finally, our balance sheet is in a very strong position with liquidity exceeding $1.8 billion at the end of the quarter with the planned payout of our 2023 $600 million bond in November and net debt-to-EBITDA at 1.2 times, enabling us to manage through the current environment and optimize long-term results. And with that, I will turn it over to Chris.
Chris Wellborn: Thank you, Jim. Our Global Ceramic segment delivered the strongest performance during the quarter even with substantial inflation headwinds in Europe. Sales in new home construction channel were solid in most geographies and the commercial channel showed resilience with new construction, and remodeling projects continuing. In most markets, residential remodeling has slowed due to tightening consumer discretionary spending and higher interest rates. We are managing through pricing and mix to reduce the impact of material and energy inflation on our cost. Natural gas prices remain in a major headwind with volatile pricing in Europe significantly impacting our results. Recently, European spot gas prices have declined significantly as available storage near capacity, though the future pricing for the winter has not followed the decline. Across the segment, we continue to reduce SG&A spending, operational costs and capital projects to align with market conditions. Sales in our US ceramic business expanded during the quarter with the greatest growth in the commercial and new home construction sectors. Residential remodeling demand continued to lag in the retail channel and customers are reducing orders to better align their inventories. During the quarter, our margins were driven by our pricing actions and strong commercial sales improved our mix. We are gaining support with our new higher-margin introductions that are an alternative to European imports. To offset material inflation, we are identifying further process improvements, utilizing alternative materials and reformulating glazes. To align with seasonal demand and manage our inventory, we are scaling back production in the fourth quarter and reducing sourced purchases. Our countertop sales grew during the quarter, led by our high-end quartz collections. Our quartz manufacturing plant is operating at full capacity, and we are sourcing products from around the world to satisfy demand. We expect that our new quartz production line will start-up in early 2024 and will allow us to further expand our sales and improve our mix. Our European ceramic results in the quarter exceeded our expectations due to our sales and pricing actions, positive mix and Italian energy subsidy. Subsidies are approved through November and may extend further. During the quarter, sales of our premium collections remained strong, while increased gas prices impacted our outdoor and lower end products. European consumers or postponing residential flooring investments as high energy costs squeeze their budgets. Given lower spot gas prices and government subsidies, we are increasing production in the fourth quarter to raise inventory levels and improve service. In the first quarter, we anticipate lower production rates with winter energy prices expected to peak. Our operations teams are adjusting our production across our European plants to optimize mix, cost and flexibility as demand evolves. We have addressed the shortage of Ukrainian clay by reengineering formulations with material from alternative sources. In our other markets, third quarter sales grew primarily through pricing, mix and strengthening the commercial channel. Mexico Central Bank has implemented additional interest rate increases, which is slowing the economy and ceramic sales. In Brazil, interest rates remain high and retail sales are slowing. We are increasing our activities in the A&D community and expanding our commercial product offering. Our pricing actions improved mix and productivity gains enhance results. All businesses are reducing production in the fourth quarter, which will increase our costs. Our team in Mexico has a detailed strategy to integrate our Vitromex acquisition to optimize short-term results. The combined organization will have a stronger product offering and a competitive position to address the $1.7 billion Mexican ceramic market. Government approval of the transaction may be finalized in the first quarter. For the quarter, Flooring Rest of the World sales rose year-over-year, primarily from price increases and growth in our panels, insulation and Oceana businesses. The segment sales are mostly residential and were more impacted by constrained consumer spending. In Europe, inflation is reducing discretionary purchases, so we did not see the typical seasonal improvement after the summer holidays. The retail sector is reducing inventories and consumers are trading down in all categories. Our margins in the quarter were compressed by inflation, lower sales volume and reduced production. The weakening markets are making additional price increases more difficult to implement. Natural gas prices in the period temporarily reached 12 times historical levels and governments are reviewing ways to assist industry and consumers with despite in gas and electricity prices. Our wood supply and pricing is also being impacted as it is being consumed as an alternative source for both heat and electricity. As flooring sales softened, we increased promotional activity to encourage consumers to trade up. While our premium laminate and LVT face greater pressures, our more value-oriented sheet vinyl sales grew. In the quarter, we implemented price increases that partially offset rising material and energy costs. We anticipate sales volumes in the fourth quarter will remain weak and we are reducing production, substituting alternative materials, implementing process improvements and postponing non-critical projects. We completed the acquisition of a small Polish sheet vinyl producer that will expand our business in Central and Eastern Europe. Our urethane insulation products provide the highest thermal resistance as consumers seek ways to reduce energy costs. New building projects in Western Europe are beginning to slow and we are enhancing our distribution by expanding our customer base and exports. Our selling prices were slightly behind inflation, and we are reviewing alternatives to optimize our costs. Our new insulation plant in the UK continues to ramp up as we increase our sales and distribution. Our panels results weakened as demand soften and competition intensified. Our margins declined due to the impact of lower sales and production volumes from the weakening market. The French panels plant we acquired last year is increasing sales and we have improved its productivity and operating expenses. We expanded the distribution of our higher-end decorative panels and acquired a small mezzanine flooring company that will bolt on to our existing business. In Oceania, our sales improved primarily from pricing and mix. The Australian market is improving as the country relaxes COVID restrictions and New Zealand is more difficult with residential sales weakening. Our increased pricing is covering inflation and inventories increased as imported material arrived faster than expected. For the quarter, our Flooring North America segment sales increased primarily from pricing. The commercial sector was stronger than residential, with hospitality leading the other channels. Hard surface products outperformed, benefiting from technology and capital investments in premium laminate and LVT. The residential market softened as inflation impacted consumer discretionary spending and retailers reduced their inventories. Our pricing in the period offset material and energy inflation. The lower manufacturing volumes led to unfavorable absorption. We managed our sales, marketing and administration spending to align with volumes and offset inflation. We are implementing our restructuring plans to lower both our fixed and variable costs by shutting higher-cost assets, reducing staffing and aligning production with demand. We are executing many projects to improve productivity, reduce waste, reengineer products and lower energy costs. We are also deferring nonessential capital projects to align with the present environment. Our residential sales continued to improve, with our strongest performance in the new home construction, multifamily and commercial channels. We have introduced assortments tailored to regional preferences and optimized our portfolio to improve productivity and service. Our WetProtect and antimicrobial technologies are being well accepted as desirable features by consumers. Sheet vinyl sales strengthened, as inflation has increased in value-oriented flooring options. The first phase of our new West Coast LVT plant is operating at planned output levels. We are ramping up production and training the workforce for additional lines that will be installed throughout next year. Our East and West Coast operations will enhance service to our customers, lower our cost and improve transportation efficiencies. Demand for our premium laminate continued to grow as high-performing value alternatives to other flooring. Sales of our waterproof collections and more realistic visuals are expanding in all channels. Inflation in other materials has reduced our margins, though we are beginning to see some cost decline. Our new manufacturing line is operating at our targeted levels to satisfy increasing demand. We have commitment to saturate our current capacity and have initiated further expansion investments. Market conditions for carpet softened in the third quarter, more than we had anticipated, and we reduced production, resulting in unabsorbed costs. In the second quarter, we announced price increases that were implemented in the third quarter, as inflation continued to rise. With demand softening, we were not able to increase prices further to recover the inflation after the announcement. We are seeing reductions in raw material costs that should align with our current pricing when our higher cost inventory is depleted.  To reduce our cost, we are eliminating less efficient capacity, streamlining operations and lowering marketing and administration costs as well as reducing production to lower inventories. Our commercial business remains good and Architectural Billing Index reflects continued construction activity. The hospitality channel grew the strongest as postponed projects and renovation are increasing demand. Our margins remain strong as pricing and mix covered our inflation in the quarter. Our commercial hard service sales growth is outpacing carpet with flexible LVT being the preferred option. Our new, more sustainable carpet tile, EcoFlex ONE is gaining acceptance with its low carbon footprint, recycled content and acoustic advantages. To complement our flooring accessories business, we acquired a small rubber manufacturer that produces trim primarily used with commercial installations. The acquisition expands our current accessories business, which produces laminate, vinyl and wood trim. In the quarter, sales in our rug business were lower than last year as major national retailers continue to adjust inventories. We are taking restructuring actions to reduce our costs and lower our production with demand. In July, we completed the acquisition of a non-woven rug and carpet business, and the integration is delivering synergies. With that, I'll return the call to Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. It's challenging to predict either the duration of the current economic conditions or the impact on our industry, as central banks around the world continue to raise interest rates and inflation reduces the discretionary expenditures. We expect our business to remain under pressure. Residential remodeling drives the majority of our sales and customers are deferring purchases and trading down. In Europe, gas and electricity prices are reducing demand and increasing our manufacturing and material costs. We anticipate that governments in Europe will take action to lower the impact on the economy, businesses and consumers. We're focused on managing through the current environment, while investing to maximize our long-term profitability. We anticipate demand will slow further in the fourth quarter, and we will reduce production resulting in greater unabsorbed overhead. To enhance sales, we're increasing promotional activity, introducing differentiated collections and reacting to competitive actions. We are executing restructuring actions, lowering administrative and manufacturing costs and reducing investment in marketing. Material prices spiked in the period and have begun softening in many categories. In Europe, flooring projects are being deferred, compressing industry volumes, and we are raising inventories of specific products ahead of higher energy costs this winter. After our second quarter U.S. pricing announcement, we incurred peak carpet material costs that will compress our margins until they flow through our inventory. We are postponing capital projects that do not impact our long-term strategies while completing those that are critical to near-term performance of the business. Finally, we expect the strengthening U.S. dollar will continue to reduce our translated results. Given these factors, we anticipate our fourth quarter adjusted EPS to be $1.40 to $1.50, excluding any restructuring charges. During the past decades, Mark has successfully managed through many challenging periods and industry recessions. The fundamentals of our business remain strong, and floor remains an essential component of all new construction and remodeling. Mark has built leading positions in key markets around the globe with well-known brands and extensive product offering. During this period, we're investing for the market rebound that always occurs after our industry contracts. We're expanding our higher growth categories of LVT, laminate, quartz countertops, premium ceramic and insulation, which will increase our revenue and profitability with the next growth cycle. We've also made strategic bolt-on acquisitions for our business that creates significant synergies that will enhance the combined results. Mohawk has a strong balance sheet with low net debt of 1.2 times EBITDA and available liquidity exceeding $1.8 billion to manage through the current environment and optimize our long-term results. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time well begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Susan Maklari: Thank you and good morning, everyone.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Susan Maklari: My first question, Jeff, is just thinking about demand at a high level. Can you talk about how things slowed during the quarter? And then how do you think about the consumers' elasticity in flooring. What is their willingness to reenter the market? And how are you thinking about demand as we do move through a weaker global macro?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Our sales in the period increased with pricing and mix as strength in the commercial sector. The sales were weaker in the residential channel softened across all regions and product categories, and it got weaker as we went through the period. The income was lower with the reduced sales and production levels and higher absorbed inflation we had in the period. And our global organization responded by changing our production, managing inventories, finding more productivity and optimizing our costs. Residential remodeling does drive the majority of our sales. And as you know, the residential remodeling, unlike other product categories, customers can defer them almost indefinitely. So when you have slowdowns, our categories impacted more than most. Interest rates and inflation are impacting the spending both in the US as well as Europe. Europe is in a crisis and people are just pulling back from spending and they're going to have to get through it. And there's all kinds of discussions going on how to help both the consumers as well as businesses. And we believe that something will come out of it. Some countries have already done things like Italy has already started helping with the gas costs. Let's see. What else have I missed?
James Brunk: You covered it. Susan?
Susan Maklari: Okay. And then you mentioned, obviously, the balance sheet, the liquidity that you are generating, you've got a better balance sheet going into this downturn than you probably just about have ever had in a downturn. Can you talk about what that will mean in terms of thinking about investing in the business in the long run? And where Mohawk will be as we eventually come through this and what the profile of the business could look like?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, there's a lot of differences in this time versus other ones. In other cycles, employment wasn't strong like it is now. We have wages increasing. We have housing remaining strong. We have aging homes that will help. So this whole cycle is really different than the last couple we've been through where warehousing was major overbuilt and had to adjust. We have strong positions in all of our markets, and we're continuing to invest in each of the different categories. As I said before, the major growth categories of the business are in LVT, which is the industry is continuing to grow, laminate, which we have been able to take market share and expand the entire category. Quartz countertops is taking share from all the other alternatives, which includes stone and laminate countertops, so it's in a growth mode. Premium laminate continues to grow. And our installation business in Europe is in a good position, as people invest more to reduce their energy. So we're in really good shape for those. We've also made strategic acquisitions, all of which bolt on to the business and every single one of them has dramatic synergies with our present business, enhancing both the existing businesses in it. So with all this, we think we're taking the right actions in the short term, and we think we're well positioned to grow. And as always, we would expect the volume to increase our margins to expand, and we think are in good shape to have a dramatic impact on the business.
James Brunk: And as Jeff noted, this is not being driven by really the housing market as we're underbuilt still in the US especially and have aging homes. So that should mean that you have a rebound with strong pent-up demand, as that's released, you'll get a higher EBITDA for the company and multiple expansion.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you for the color and good luck.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. Operator: Our next question comes from John Lovallo from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
John Lovallo: Great. Thanks for taking my questions, guys. The first one is, how should we think about decremental margins here as we move through the quarter and maybe into 2023, just given the volume declines, production cuts, continued investment?
James Brunk: With the volume of declining in most businesses, you're going to see also pricing increasing due to inflation. In the period, as I kind of pointed during my prepared remarks, we had a negative impact from volumes of about $45 million and on unabsorbed overhead about $55 million. We would expect the volumes to be lower and continuing into the fourth quarter and anticipates production below sales in most areas and that unabsorbed overhead, I would expect to see that increase a little bit in the fourth quarter.
John Lovallo: Great. That's helpful. And then, can you just maybe expand a little bit on some of these restructuring initiatives that you're initiating and what the cash cost will be?
James Brunk: So as we announced earlier in the year, we're implementing restructuring plans. We talked about $90 million to $95 million of cost, cash being about $15 million to $20 million, the largest really in Flooring North America, where we're taking out high-cost assets and reducing rug manufacturing. In Europe, we're also reducing costs in overhead accordingly. It should generate savings somewhere between $35 million and $40 million annually starting with next year.
John Lovallo: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. First, I just wanted to circle back to some of the comments earlier around capacity additions for next year. How do you think about those in the face of the softer demand backdrop? And obviously, there's a big difference from perhaps what you did back in 2017, 2018, 2019. But can you just remind us with the -- on a rough basis, the capacity that's coming online next year from a revenue standpoint in terms of revenue capacity, what that might mean in terms of start-up cost. And you know, if there is any risk that you know, the P&L impact might be a little more negative if, you know, demand remains where it is today?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So let's go through all the different ones. Some of them aren't going to start up until 2024 to tell you the truth. So it depends on which one. Our laminate business is growing in the U.S. We have new capacities put on. We have full commitments for all of that we have and we have been unable to satisfy the demand. In laminate, it's taking -- it's really become an alternative as a waterproof option for every other product, including LVT in the marketplace. And it has some benefits it doesn't have. So it's growing, and we're continuing to invest in it. Quartz countertops, the business has been sold up. We're using imported products to support the business, and that should start up in 2024, enabling us to grow it. LVT is the expansion of the West Coast plant, which is probably about 30% done now. And the rest of it will come in over time. We have expanding commitments for it, and we're also importing products from around the world, which also offer opportunities to use it. We're investing in premium ceramic. The biggest piece is in slabs in Europe. It's also oversold, and we have been sourcing significant product from other people to support that business, as it grows. And then, we have the insulation business, which when we bought an acquisition, they were in the process of finishing the plant and starting up. And it has some regional advantages given where the locations of other ones are, and we think that we can -- we're expanding our customer base already and starting to fill it up. So those are the biggest ones.
James Brunk: And really, Mike, when you kind of -- you take the combination of all those activities, it should lead us to sales opportunities about $800 million.
Michael Rehaut: Great. That's helpful. I guess just my follow-up, maybe just switching back to near-term sales and the outlook for the fourth quarter. Just want to be clear. On a revenue basis, obviously, volume plus price, and obviously, price continues to be a big driver of results here. But on a consolidated revenue basis, are you expecting sales to be down year-over-year in the fourth quarter? And if so, how much of that impact do you estimate is from continued channel inventory reduction. And if you could just remind us again, I'm sorry if I missed it, what that impact was on a net basis to 3Q sales?
James Brunk: So in terms of the year-over-year sales, as we've talked about, we are highly exposed to residential remodeling. I would anticipate on a year-over-year basis, sales to be flat to down given the decline, especially in Europe, but across the business as well, we'll reduce production, which is resulting in the unabsorbed overhead, it's going to impact margins as well. I just want to make sure we pointed out; we talked about the peak carpet material costs flowing through in the quarter, that should impact the Florida, North American segment, somewhere in the $30 million to $35 million range. So most of that will come out in Q4 with a much smaller piece in Q1.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The destocking, we get feedback from customers, they're all more pessimistic about the future. With the feedbacks telling us that they're reducing inventories, but we really don't have a good way to quantify it. We're hoping that the bottom is in the near-term, and it will improve the future once it bottoms out, but we don't have good information to give you.
Michael Rehaut: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Keith Hughes from Truist. Please go ahead with your question.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Questions on the carpet business, you refer in the release and the initial statement about some raw material inflation that was not covered given some of the weak volume given how much input costs are that, I know that could be a big number. Can you give us any feel for what impact that had in the third or the fourth quarter?
James Brunk: Yeah. So I would just Keith and Mike, is that in the fourth quarter, that should impact us included in our guidance is about $30 million to $35 million, and then you have a much smaller piece carrying over to Q1.
Keith Hughes: Okay. And you had talked earlier about producing more in Europe right now, given response energy and costs are. Are you still on your energy in Europe, or are you still running basically spot, or are there some hedges in place?
Jeff Lorberbaum: In our -- the biggest part of it is in our ceramic business. And we have hedged some of it, but we're still on spot on a large part of it, too. And then they're basically short-term, trying to minimize the spikes in the periods, where we are.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Phil Ng from Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Phil Ng: Hi guys. Jeff, you've highlighted you've seen a few cycles. So curious, once you work through the destock, how are you thinking about volumes going out to 2023, or maybe just the end markets and thoughts in geographic exposure, whether it's Europe, North America, LATAM, some of your indirect peers have called out mid single-digit declines in R&R, maybe down 10% in single family. Just help us unpack how you're thinking about 2023 once you work through some of the inventory in the channel?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, that answer might be above my pay grade. Seriously. There's really dramatic different scenarios that can play out next year. And so if you go through the two, we have an optimistic one, which starts out with the assumption that Europe has limited problems with gas as they go through the winter, and then they have adequate supplies going forward. In the US, the version would be, that the interest rates peak and they start declining, and we see a significant rebound in the second and third quarter as the economies start preparing themselves. The alternative on the other one, which we're also preparing for is that European struggles with energy throughout the entire year and that the US inflation remains high and escalated through 2023. In that scenario, you get industry volume remaining low throughout the year and being pressure -- we have been pressured by unabsorbed overhead in a more competitive environment. So given where we are, you can get two dramatically different conclusions to it. Keep in mind that either way, we always enter a growth cycle after the contraction, because of all the postponed sales in our category. Our top line expands. This time, we'll have initial opportunities from the product expansions that we're doing, as well as the acquisition investments.
Phil Ng: Okay. That's helpful perspective. In your press release and prepared remarks, I think you alluded to some competitive activity, given the weaker demand backdrop. Is that more on the price mix side of things, more mix? Any slippage on like-for-like pricing? And then, your ceramics business has held up really well, just from a profitability standpoint. Just given where imports have historically benefited from stronger dollar ocean freight containers with some of those changes, how do you think about pricing and competitive activity, particularly in the ceramic side?
Chris Wellborn: Well, on the ceramic side, imported prices -- up until now, imported prices have increased. As we look forward, we could expect with a stronger dollar, they could decrease, but we're well positioned with our US manufacturing and sourcing capability to handle that.
Phil Ng: Okay. Any like-for-like slippage in some of the categories that you're seeing outside of ceramics?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, all the categories have had problems recovering the last increment of pricing, because as the markets soften and then, at the same time, you have material prices peaking. So all the businesses are under pressure with the last incremental pricing. What else? At the same time, we started more promotional activities, where it makes sense, to try to improve volume. In some cases, we try to get people to trade up more in the business. As the costs flow through, it should improve our margins.
James Brunk: That's the key is, the good news is that we're seeing a reduction of the raw material costs, and therefore, it's better aligned with our pricing. And as you know, that will improve the margins as it turns through the inventory.
Phil Ng: Okay. Thank you. Great color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Baumgarten from Zelman & Associates. Please go ahead with your question.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Maybe just on commercial, that stood out as a bright spot. I think you mentioned hospitality being one of the areas that was strong. Could you maybe walk through some of the other verticals, maybe like office that are also maybe contributing?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The different channels in commercial?
Adam Baumgarten: Yes.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The question.
Adam Baumgarten: Yes, just maybe some color. You called out hospitality, but are there any other areas within the broader commercial market that you're seeing strength?
Jeff Lorberbaum: For the most part, there's still a lot of activity across the board with planned projects coming in. The projects that you get from the index, they still show that they're still running at a positive rate. You have the hospitality is doing better because the hospitality quit spending money during COVID, and there's a lot of projects that were postponed and you have to update those as they come through. The office you have, in some cases, more of them coming back to work and things are postponing. In some cases, people have to redo their offices for a different environment where they are going through -- the government projects are still coming through as they keep spending money. And then also in the healthcare piece, we're doing okay.
James Brunk: Yes. Really, if you think about what commercial was led by in the beginning was really government and healthcare with hospitality lagging. As Jeff pointed out, now hospitality and that includes hotels, casinos, airports, anything along the route of travel as consumers have moved their spending from kind of the day-to-day and now more into the travel and entertainment area, hospitality is having to catch up because of those low investments over the last couple of years.
Adam Baumgarten: Got it. Thanks. And then just -- you called out the Italian energy subsidies that you received in the quarter, and that sounds like they're expected to continue at least partially through the fourth at this point. Can you maybe size the benefit there?
Chris Wellborn: It's about $15 million a quarter so far. And, I think, they've been approved through November.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Just as a comment, the government in Italy is turning over, so the -- they keep approving these things almost month by month.
James Brunk: Yes. So you'll see a benefit of that in Q3 and Q4 and a little bit will carry over into Q1 as it turns through the inventory.
Adam Baumgarten: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Dahl from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Mike Dahl: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just as a follow-up, can you quantify what the year-on-year headwind was for European nat gas in 3Q? And what's that expectation for 4Q? And if current spot prices hold, how much would that change as you look out over the next couple of quarters.
Chris Wellborn: Well, the -- as you know, the costs are up dramatically year-over-year -- when you look just specifically at the fourth quarter, I think we're roughly about 60% hedged, now 60% to 70% hedged just for the fourth quarter.
James Brunk: Yes. In terms of the headwind, they've done a very good job of pushing price, running the premium end of our products. So there's really not a significant difference between price mix and energy at this point in ceramic Europe.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't have the energy. Just the energy costs in front of us at this point.
Mike Dahl: Right. And just -- okay. So just as a quick clarification, when -- if it's kind of neutral at this point, is that inclusive of the subsidies. And my second question is there's some puts and takes around how you're managing production in European ceramic. You're ramping production into the fourth quarter to take advantage of the spot prices. Jeff, I think you said or maybe Chris said as you look to 1Q, that production will be gone.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It gives you the impression, it's a neutral impact. It's not. We're raising the prices almost weekly, monthly over there. We have surcharges we're changing. We're walking away from product categories that the economics don't make any sense. We're moving products between different reasons based on the cost of it. We're starting and stopping the plants, I mean, week-to-week based on what the energy costs are in different countries and regions. So I mean, it's a full effort to manage through changing environments.
Chris Wellborn: Yeah. And the comment about producing, what we're deciding to do is produce more in the fourth quarter where we anticipate having lower energy prices, and then reducing it in the first quarter when we expect the prices to be significant.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Just for the comment. The future prices in Europe are somewhere in the 130, 140 range last time I looked, that may be lower than it right now. I mean, they move around so much in any given week as you go through. And then the spot prices today are -- were under 40, is it? And so I mean, nobody knows where it's going to end up.
Mike Dahl: All right. Thank you. Appreciate that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laura Champine from Loop Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Laura Champine: Thanks for taking my question. If I look at the inventory balance at the end of the quarter, up 31% year-on-year, how much of that is the cost inflation versus how much are units up in that inventory number?
James Brunk: So the costs make up about the 75%, 76%, so in terms of the inflation. So it's by far the largest piece.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And remember, when we came out of last year, the inventories were low in most of the businesses and the service was poor in most.
James Brunk: And so what you also see, Laura, I think it's important to look at sequentially as well. And you see that quarter-over-quarter, we've definitely slowed the pace of that increase in really all the -- quarter-over-quarter increases, inflation and then the added acquisitions. So the plan is to continue to look at production levels in the fourth quarter in most of our areas to lower inventory as we end the year. Again, that's -- most of our areas with some exceptions we've already talked about.
Laura Champine: Okay. So where you are taking promotion is not the clear excess for the most part, it's because you're trying to drive sales into a better mix of goods?
Jeff Lorberbaum: And we're trying to utilize the capacities of the equipment.
Laura Champine: Got it. Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you Laura.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead with your question.
Stephen Kim: Thanks very much guys. Appreciate it. A Lot of interesting information you've given here. Just wanted to clarify a couple of things here. When you talk about your -- the destocking. You said it was hard to know how much destocking there is in channels, I guess, outside of the retail. I wanted to press on that a little bit, because I would think that particularly like in the North American new construction residential sector, there'll be certain SKUs that would be most susceptible. You do volume runs that would be most susceptible to destocking in the supply chain to volume builders. And so my question is, did you see that in the quarter? Are you assuming it worsens in your guide? And then also regarding the guide, when talk -- when you talk about price cost headwind for the whole company, do you anticipate that it will worsen in 4Q from whatever we see it as being in the third quarter?
James Brunk: I'll let Jeff start with the demand question and then I'll address your price cost.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We know what the buying is, what we don't know is what our customers' inventories are. So we have indications that they're reducing their inventories. But I don't know if they're at the bottom or there's somewhere between, are they going to change them further. So we don't know that. All we know is the business, and we can't tell the difference between our shipments to them and their shipments to their customers.
James Brunk: And then, on the price mix cost equation in the fourth quarter. Yes, especially because what we've called out, the impact in Flooring North America, I expect the gap to widen in the fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter.
Stephen Kim: Yes. That makes sense. And in terms of the decremental margins, I just want to clarify a couple of things. You talked about the Italian energy benefit. I'm curious, do you think that you can maintain decremental margins in line with your historical incremental margin range, even taking out that Italian energy benefit. And then regarding that Italian energy benefit, it sounds like in the ceramic business that's causing you to sort of shift your production into the fourth quarter. But you also said that you might see those subsidies get extended beyond November. If that happens, would you likely diminish your 4Q production, or would you merely keep your production higher for longer into 1Q?
Chris Wellborn: Well, I think the way to think about that is, even if you're getting subsidies, the cost of gas should be much lower in the fourth quarter than it will be in the first quarter. So that's why we're doing more production in the fourth versus the first.
James Brunk: And in terms of the decremental margins, Stephen, you have to really watch. They're going to vary by each one of our business lines depending on exactly how much production that we take out, which is going to equate to your uncovered overhead cost. So it really varies across each of the businesses within the segments. So I'm not sure if you can kind of just go on historical one, percentages at that point.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Just as a comment and the incremental, it's much easier to hold your costs as the volume rises than it is to decrease the fixed cost or even the variable cost as the thing goes down and then longer term, we have to make -- in the short term, we have to make decisions, how long is it going to last and where it is and how much you want to maintain even though the volume decreases.
James Brunk: Yes. So the length of the shutdown periods will definitely impact what that percentage is.
Stephen Kim: Sure. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Truman Patterson from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Truman Patterson: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First, Jeff, you mentioned that the European consumers in a bit of a crisis, which, I guess, I'll extend to Russia as well. But in the Rest of World segment, I'm trying to understand how much volumes might have declined in the third quarter. And since we're a month into 4Q, looking to understand how that's trending in the fourth quarter? I'm really just trying to understand how much that consumer is pulling back.
Chris Wellborn: Well, if you look at Flooring Rest of World, sales were up 9% on a local basis, which was driven mainly by price increases in panels and insulation. The segment sales are primarily residential and overall inflation is reducing retail purchases. When we came back from the holidays, we didn't see the normal increase in demand that we normally get. Our customers are reducing inventories and consumers are trading down in that market.
Truman Patterson: Okay, okay. Got you. And you all mentioned some temporary manufacturing shutdowns in Rest of World. And, I know, you've previously mentioned some plant rationalization and cost initiatives. Just any incremental initiatives to right-size this business?
Chris Wellborn: Well, just talking about what happened in margins. Our margins were compressed by inflation, lower sales and reduced production there's weakening markets are making our prices difficult to implement. We're assessing alternative sources to lower our material cost. And in the market, similar to Italy, governments are reviewing ways to assist the industry and consumers with gas and electricity prices.
Truman Patterson: All right. Thanks, guys.
Chris Wellborn: Thank you, Truman.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group. Please go ahead with your question.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions today. Granted, understandably a lot of focus on reductions in production and along that line, but often it's in these times of economic stress that M&A opportunities arise. In light of the -- two-part question. In light of a changing world set up with deglobalization and also changing consumer preferences post-COVID, how are you thinking about growth opportunities from an M&A standpoint, both from a geographic and a product standpoint? Thank you. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: In past downturns, the compression of the earnings and the compression of the multiples, most companies don't try to sell unless they have to in this environment. And -- so usually, most of the transactions are done on the other side of as you're coming out and the margins are expanding. I would expect that's where the opportunities are going to come this time also.
Kathryn Thompson: And following the part of the question, have you changed thinking from a geographic standpoint where you think about growth from M&A standpoint? So in other words, less focus on Europe, greater focus on North America, et cetera.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I can say that we've made a specific decision. We have to take each geography and each opportunity that comes and we evaluate it given how we perceive the future. At this point, I mean, Europe -- as you can tell, we don't have a view for the next three, four months, you alone the next year. So in Europe, under this circumstance, we have to have much more something that got us to do something immediately. As I would assume the rest of the world is in the same place we are. At this point, we're really trying to get ready for a slowdown and try to minimize things. But with the capital structure we have, if the right opportunity arises, we would take it.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Bouley from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Matt Bouley: Afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking the questions. Just back on the topic of decrementals. I know, Jim, you mentioned volumes were a $45 million headwind and the unabsorbed overhead was a $55 million impact. And not to oversimplify, but if we think of those two together as a volume based decremental as we model, should we assume that, that even or close to even split between the two is how it will continue to look going forward as we model out the impact from volumes, or at what point will you be able to rightsize some of the fixed costs and maybe that split won't look the same. How should we think about that combination of the two? Thanks.
James Brunk: Well, look, in the short-term, just looking at the fourth quarter and what we included in our guidance, again, we expect the softening volume to continue and the shutdown -- the related shutdowns also to occur. So you'll have a very similar pattern to what you saw in Q3. And then I'll let Jeff answer on the longer term, but looking into 2023, as Jeff said, it really comes down to the two scenarios, and we want to be well positioned for wind as pent-up demand comes back to us.
Jeff Lorberbaum: A big part of it is we think we're going to produce less than we're selling in most marketplace and reduce the inventories. And as we go into next year, it's going to be really based on the demand. Usually, in the fourth quarter and first quarter, historically, it'd be coming out of a high season in the piece, and we'd actually be building inventories for next year. This year, we're going to not do that because we don't expect the demand to require it. So that's another pressure on just the short-term.
Matt Bouley: Got it. Thanks.
James Brunk: But remember, the key point is how different the situation is and the fact that we're not overbuilt on housing and you have an aging inventory as well. So both remodeling and new housing is still poised to have a strong rebound in the future. And we certainly do not want to get caught without the ability to produce the required products.
Matt Bouley: Understood. That's helpful color, guys. And then just second one on the US end markets. You're saying remodeling has weakened. But it sounded like you still had strong performance on the new construction channel in the US. Given the slowdown that's going on there on the front end, is that slowdown in new construction incorporated in your fourth quarter guidance, or are you still benefiting from the prior backlog of construction there on the new construction side? Thanks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The answer is yes, meaning that it is built in that may or may not know that the flooring typically is at the end of the construction. So ours holds up a little bit longer than some of the ones that are at the front end. So right before they completed, they used the flooring, but the number of housing is being started is going to impact our business until it turns around in the future.
Matt Bouley: Got it. Well, thanks Jeff. Thanks everybody.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from David MacGregor from Longbow Research. Please go ahead with your question.
David MacGregor: Yes, good morning or good afternoon as the case maybe. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess, first of all, just a mix question. Just thinking across your various lines in various regional markets globally, what percentage of your offering would you characterize as premium collections within their respective categories versus more value positioned products?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I'm not sure we've ever added up like that across all the categories. We have some of the businesses only participate in the premium and some participate from bottom to top, and it's different by product category and by region. I believe that we would have a much larger position in the medium to high, but I don't have a number to give you as yet across most of the businesses.
David MacGregor: Okay. All right. Thanks. And as a follow-up, I guess, there's been a few questions here about investing for the long run. And Im just thinking back to Jim's comments at the beginning of the call about taking the CapEx guide down by 20%. I guess, the question is around kind of investment discipline at this point. And if you think beyond maintenance CapEx and just focus on kind of the growth CapEx and acquisitions. How do you think about the limits on what you're prepared to spend until you see convincing evidence of the pending recovery?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, the first part is -- the new capital investments, most of them take anywhere from a minimum of a year to as much as two years to implement. So the projects that are coming through now were agreed to the end of a year ago, is it. And once you start them, the ability to stop from is almost none, is it -- you have to write off all the investment that's already there. So those are in place and moving forward. Some of those will -- some of the costs of those will flow in the next year. And they're all in growth categories that we're going to need. We may not need as much of it in the short term as we thought, but we'll need it as soon as the business turns around in all of them as we go through. So, beyond those, we're cutting back on anything that doesn't impact the short-term business and managing through as we see the business today.
James Brunk: Yes, the key -- and I think you hit that word. We have to stay very disciplined as we look into 2023 and go through our budgeting process. As Jeff said, we've initiated a number of projects to have the carryover effect into 2023. But beyond that, we will certainly scrutinize based on the demand levels.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Just another comment about the acquisitions. All the things that we've done recently, all have huge synergies between the new business and in the old business that connecting the two together, not only improves the margins of the acquired business, but also the existing business. Is it. So that should help us as we get those together and get all the cost synergies out of them. And there's also product and sales synergies.
James Brunk: Really, when you think about this collection of acquisitions, though being small, if you add Vitromex in, which hopefully will close in the first quarter, accumulation of additional sales that those are generating about $375 million on an annual basis. So as you look at those bolt-on ones, they are important to the ongoing business as well.
David MacGregor: Good. Thanks very much gentlemen. Good luck.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
James Brunk: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we've reached the end of the allotted time for today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're taking the right steps to manage the existing conditions, and we're adjusting as a change over time, and it's a volatile environment. We're putting ourselves in the company in a really good position, but when the economy improves and comes out, we appreciate all of you joining us. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. We do thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Victoria, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Mohawk Industries Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, July 29, 2022. Thank you. I would like to introduce Mr. James Brunk. Mr. Brunk, you may begin your conference.
James Brunk: Thank you, Victoria. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor call. Joining me on today's call are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we'll update you on the company's second quarter and provide guidance for the third quarter. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff for his opening comments. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Jim. Mohawk's second quarter sales rose to $3.2 billion, up 6.7% as reported or approximately 11.1% on a constant basis. Sales grew in all our segments, with our top line results benefiting from price increases, enhanced product mix, improvements and commercial and contributions from our small acquisitions. As the quarter progressed, the global economic environment became increasingly challenging, and our organizations implemented additional actions to support our performance.  Our operating income for the quarter was in line with our expectations, even as material, energy and transportation inflation remained a significant headwind and our translated results were impacted by the strengthening US dollar. Over the past 18 months, all of our businesses have faced extraordinary inflation, and we have instituted multiple price increases to pass through these higher costs. We're also taking numerous operational actions, including cost controls, productivity improvements, mix and logistics enhancements. Across our markets, inflation is causing changes in consumers' discretionary spending. US housing sales have been impacted more than our other markets as mortgage rates have risen faster. Unlike past economic cycles, housing demand exceeds the available supply and foreclosures are not an issue. In Europe, interest rates have not risen as much as the US, though consumer discretionary spending is being eroded by energy and other inflation, which is impacting demand. Volatility in natural gas supplies have caused a dramatic spike in near-term prices and supplies and pricing remain uncertain. The European countries are considering strategies for alternative supply, ways to ration gas and subsidies to support those most affected. In most regions, investments in commercial construction and remodeling, remains solid. Both projects that were deferred due to the pandemic and new projects are being initiated in greater numbers as the commercial sector continues to strengthen. As we navigate the near-term market dynamics, Mohawk's strong balance sheet provides many options for investments, including internal expansion, acquisition and stock buybacks. During the second quarter, we announced approximately $440 million in new acquisitions, with the largest being an agreement to acquire Vitromex, a leading ceramic manufacturer in Mexico. In early July, we completed the acquisition of Foss Floors, a leading U.S. needle punch flooring manufacturer. In Europe, we are making excellent progress integrating our 2021 bolt-on insulation and panel acquisition. We're contributing -- which are contributing to our results as expected. We continue to explore additional acquisition opportunities. Our expansion projects remain on schedule, including laminate, LVT, quartz countertops and European porcelain slab. These investments will help us satisfy current and future demand as well as deliver our next generation of product innovation and operational efficiency. Now Jim will review our second quarter financial performance in greater detail.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. Sales for the quarter were just under $3.2 billion. That's a 6.7% increase as reported, or 11.1 on a constant days and FX basis, representing a, second consecutive record quarterly sales. Favorable sales and mix across all segments and benefit of our 2021 small acquisitions, offsetting softening volume and negative impact of FX. Gross margin for the quarter was 27.7%, a decrease from prior year 30.7% excluding charges. Although the dollar amount an impact of year-over-year inflation is primarily in raw materials and energy was more than offset by pricing mix and productivity, it was not enough to negate the impact of the lower unit volumes, temporary shutdowns and FX headwinds on a percentage basis. The actual detailed amounts of these items will be included in the MD&A of our 10-Q, which will be filed after the call. SG&A as a percentage of sales was 16% for the quarter as tight spending controls by the business drove a 90 basis points improvement versus the prior year. The immaterial increase in absolute expense was due to higher sales, price mix and inflation, primarily offset by cost-saving initiatives and the impact of FX. Operating income as percentage of sales was 11.7%, which is a 220 basis point decrease versus the prior year, driven by lower volume as the business drove price, mix and productivity initiatives to offset significant year-over-year inflation and the impact of temporary plant shutdowns and FX. Interest expense for the quarter was $12 million, slightly down from the year and other income, other expense was income of $3 million. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 22% versus 22.5% in the prior year. We expect the full year tax rate to be between 21% and 22%. That leads us to, an, earnings per share as reported of $4.40, or excluding charges of $4.41. Turning to the segments, Global Ceramic and sales of just under $1.2 billion, it's an 11.5% increase as reported or 14.6% on a constant base and FX basis as pricing and mix actions more than offset the softening volume in the segment. Operating income for the quarter, excluding charges, was $154 million or 13.3%. That is an operating profit increase of 12.5% versus the prior year. The favorable product mix, pricing and productivity actions offset the impact of lower volumes and inflation, which is primarily due to rising energy costs. In Flooring North America, our sales were $1. 1 billion for an increase of 1.7% versus the prior year with pricing actions offsetting volume declines. Growth in commercial, laminate and resilient products offset weakness in residential carpet and a significant adjustment in rug products during the quarter. The rug business is concentrated with major national retailers who dramatically cut orders to reduce their inventory levels. Now absent this adjustment, Flooring North American sales would have increased approximately 6.5% in the quarter. Operating margins percentage of sales was 9.1%, which is 210 basis points decrease versus prior year, as improvements in price mix and productivity initiatives were unable to compensate for the lower overall volumes and increased input costs, primarily in raw materials due to year-over-year inflation. In Flooring Rest of the World, sales were $895 million or a 7.7% increase as reported or 18.8% on a constant FX basis. Pricing and mix actions drove the improvement across all product lines, led by panels and insulation, along with the year-over-year benefit from the smaller acquisitions. Operating margin as percentage of sales was 14.1%, with a decline of about 560 basis points versus prior year. The main drivers to the decrease was higher inflation, mainly raw material, unfavorable productivity with temporary plant shutdowns and lower volume, especially compared to the peak output in 2021 Q2, partially offset by favorable price and mix initiatives. Corporate and elimination costs were $10 million for Q2, with full year corporate and elimination cost as may be between $40 million and $45 million. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash ended the quarter at $224 million, with free cash flow relatively flat for the quarter, primarily due to increases in working capital driven by the impact of inflation and increasing sales. Receivables were just over $2.1 billion, with DSO slightly higher at 56 days compared to 53 in the prior year. Inventories finished the quarter at just over $2.8 billion. That's an increase of 36% from prior year of $740 million. 70%, which was inflation related, and that was also an increase of about 12% versus Q1. Inventory days finished the quarter at 116 days, slightly up from Q1 at 111 days. Property, plant and equipment finished the quarter at just under $4.6 billion, with CapEx of $151 million and depreciation and amortization of $142 million. For the full year, depreciation and amortization are forecast to approximately $570 million and CapEx at $785 million. Finally, our balance sheet is in a very strong position with overall $1 billion of liquidity and net debt-to-EBITDA at 1.1 times, enabling our business to continue to grow through internal investments, acquisitions and stock buybacks. With that, I'll turn the call over to Chris for our operational review.
Chris Wellborn: Thank you, Jim. Of our three segments, Global Ceramic delivered the best performance during the second quarter with significant year-over-year operating income improvement, of which the greatest part came from the US ceramic business. Builder sales remained strong in most of our ceramic markets and an increased number of commercial renovation and new construction projects were also initiated. Most of our markets have seen some softening in residential activity as inflation and higher interest rates affected remodeling investments. The cost of natural gas continued to rise across the world, with European natural gas prices spiking again due to supply uncertainty. As energy and raw material price increases across our ceramic businesses, we continue to implement new pricing actions. Our US ceramic business expanded its operating income to its highest level in four years. The commercial and new home construction sector showed the strongest growth, with softening demand in residential remodeling and the home center channel. During the quarter, our mix and margins were enhanced by improved commercial sales. Our premium product introductions are gaining traction in the market as alternatives to higher-cost European imports. We continue to improve our sales and manufacturing costs with productivity initiatives and improved product discipline. To offset higher energy, material and transportation costs, we continue to implement price increases and freight surcharges. We have introduced new distribution strategies to mitigate the impact of rising fuel costs. Our countertop sales are growing in the high-end quartz, porcelain and stone categories. Our quartz countertop plant is operating at maximum capacity, and we are improving our mix by expanding our premium product offering. To meet growing demand, we are sourcing products and expanding our countertop production. Our European ceramic business improved sequentially during the quarter with higher sales and enhanced mix. Though our pricing actions during the quarter improved our margins, they did not fully offset inflation versus the prior year. We continue to invest in innovative new features to improve our mix and add capacity to satisfy growing demand for our porcelain slab business. Sales of our premium products increased during the quarter, while our low and medium price categories softened as they are more sensitive to price changes. Our inventory levels remain historically low and are further limiting our overall sales. Our R&D teams are reengineering body formulations with alternative materials and reducing the use of Ukrainian clays. Recently, reduced supplies of natural gas have significantly increased energy prices across Europe. Going forward, our volume and margins will be under greater pressure as our gas costs will be higher. We are initiating restructuring actions to lower our costs and manage these market conditions. In our other international ceramic markets, sales growth was primarily driven by pricing and mix with commercial outpacing residential. Our results in these regions could have been stronger if our sales were not limited by production constraints and low inventory levels. Our pricing actions and improved mix are offsetting higher energy and material costs. The impact of inflation on energy and materials in these regions has not abated, and we have announced additional price increases to offset higher costs. Across these regions, we are beginning to see softening in the residential sector as inflation and rising interest rates impact consumer spending and home purchases. In June, we agreed to acquire Vitromex, a leading ceramic tile manufacturer in Mexico, for $293 million. The company produces clay ceramic, porcelain, mosaic and decorative tiles and has a broad distribution network. Vitromex operates 4 manufacturing facilities and had approximately $200 million in sales last year. Ceramic is the primary flooring category in Mexico, and the market has grown even 11% per year in pesos over the last five years. In 2021, the Mexican ceramic tile market generated sales of $1.7 billion or about 2.9 billion square feet. During the past 10 years, we have significantly expanded our participation in the Mexican ceramic market by investing in state-of-the-art manufacturing and developing world-class operations and sales organization. Together with Vitromex, we anticipate many opportunities to expand the product offerings, distribution and efficiencies of the combined enterprise. In the quarter, Flooring Rest of World sales rose year-over-year, primarily from price increases, product mix and contributions from our small panels and insulation acquisitions. Inflation is increasing household cost and reducing consumer disposable income. We are seeing a slowdown in retail traffic, which is reducing industry volume in most categories. European energy prices are substantially higher than in other regions and are significantly impacting our raw material and electricity costs. We have raised prices as inflation continue to rise and announced further increases as natural gas and chemical prices escalated at the end of the quarter. Our wood costs are also rising as it is being increasingly utilized as a substitute for natural gas to provide heat and electricity. Our flooring sales softened as we progress through the quarter, and our customers are reducing their inventories. Laminate, LVT and sheet vinyl are all following similar demand trends. In the period, our costs continue to escalate and material supply improved. We implemented price increases during the quarter and have announced additional price increases for the third quarter. We're taking seeing actions to address the changing environment, including cost reductions, process improvement and postponing noncritical projects. Our insulation business continues to deliver excellent results with growth in volume as well as price. We have passed through rising chemical costs and are integrating our recent acquisition. Our new manufacturing plant is adding a second shift as we ramp up our sales and distribution. Sales of insulation products remain strong as they benefit from increasing investments to reduce energy costs. Our panels business performed well, though volumes slowed as we progressed through the quarter. We continue to raise prices and improve our mix with higher-value products. We're integrating the small French panels plant that we acquired last year and are improving its cost and output. We are expanding the distribution of our higher-end decorative panels and more durable HPL products. Our investments in energy production from waste wood are benefiting both our cost and the environment. For the quarter, our Flooring North America segment growth was primarily driven by pricing gains, stronger commercial sales and improved mix. The commercial sector improved across all channels, while the residential market is softening as consumers face the pressure of household inflation and rising interest rates. As our service levels improve, customers reduced their inventory in the residential channel. We continue to execute pricing actions to offset material and energy inflation, though lower plant volumes are reducing absorption and raising costs. We are strategically investing to maximize our share in the faster-growing LVT and premium laminate categories. We have launched numerous productivity initiatives to mitigate the impact of fuel, freight, energy and labor inflation. Our LVT sales continued to improve with our new products gaining traction in the market. We experienced fewer material disruptions in the quarter, which furthered operational improvements and benefited our margins. Our new West Coast LVT plant has begun shipping to customers, and we continue to refine processes to improve throughput, productivity and material costs. Our East and West Coast operations will provide superior service to our customers and improve our transportation efficiencies. Our premium laminate is mostly used in residential remodeling, and inventory adjustments in home centers impacted our sales in the quarter. Our waterproof laminate collections are increasing our sales in the specialty retail and new construction channels as an alternative to LVT. Our new manufacturing line continues to ramp up to targeted production levels and is fulfilling demand for our next-generation products. Though we have raised laminate prices, our raw material costs continue to increase substantially. As the commercial sector rebounds, sales and margins of our carpet, tile and commercial LVT collections are improving. All channels continue to expand with the recovery in the hospitality and corporate sectors accelerating. Based on the most recent Architectural Billing Index, commercial design activity remains strong with a pipeline of projects that support continued sales growth for the foreseeable future. To offset raw material and transportation inflation, we are taking additional pricing actions as well as reducing costs across the business. As our residential carpet volumes declined due to softening markets and inventory reductions in the channel, we are aligning capacity with demand, reducing expenses and announcing additional price increases due to continued material and energy inflation. Our rug business is concentrated with major national retailers. And during the quarter, they all dramatically cut orders to reduce inventory as their sales forecast weaken. With the impact of a $50 million decline in rug purchases, the segment's sales would have increased approximately 6.5% versus prior year. In July, we closed the acquisition of Foss Floors, a leading non-woven flooring manufacturer for approximately $150 million. Foss adds a new product category to our portfolio that complements our existing lines and includes needle punch, rugs, carpet, DIY tile and artificial turf. Foss' 2022 sales have been strong with a present run rate of approximately $100 million. To adapt to current conditions, we are taking actions to restructure our cost across the enterprise to improve our results. We are finalizing plans to rationalize older, less efficient assets and optimize processes to lower cost. The most significant actions will be in our Flooring North America segment, including reducing some yarn assets and rug capacity. In our Flooring Rest of World segment, we are consolidating insulation products and streamlining our organizations. And in Ceramic, Europe, we are simplifying administrative and manufacturing organizations. We estimate these initiatives will reduce our cost by $35 million to $40 million annually, with an estimated cash cost of $15 million to $20 million, with a total cost of $90 million to $95 million. With that, I'll return the call to Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. During the first half of 2022, we delivered solid results despite the pressure of significant inflation, rising interest rates and geopolitical instability. In the US, rapidly rising interest rates are impacting housing sales, and inflation is causing changes in consumer discretionary spending. Residential remodeling is softening as consumers postpone upgrading their homes. New home and multi-timely flooring channels remain strong, and the commercial sector continues to improve as new and deferred projects are initiated. Though interest rates are lower in Europe, dramatically higher natural gas prices and constrained supply are reducing economic growth. Given these factors, we anticipate softening demand and increased pressure on our margins going forward. We're taking targeted actions across the enterprise to adjust to these changing market conditions. Material and energy costs continue to rise, and we're implementing further price increases in response. We're introducing higher-value products and enhancing our service levels to expand sales. We're reducing expenses and initiating new process improvements. We'll be implementing multiple restructuring projects across the company to reduce our costs. We also expect improvements in material supply and transportation as we go through the remainder of the year. In the US, we anticipate that rising interest rates will strengthen the dollar and reduce our translated results. Given these factors, we anticipate our third quarter adjusted EPS to be $3.33 to $3.43, excluding any restructuring charges. Mohawk has successfully managed through economic cycles many times before. Over the long-term, flooring grows at a faster rate than the overall economy. Around the world, a deficit in housing stock requires additional construction in most regions. In the US, housing demand exceeds supplied by an estimated 5 million units and it will take years to satisfy. In addition, over 20 million homes are between 20 and 40 years old and in need of significant renovation. Our business is well positioned to benefit from the long-term growth in new home construction, residential remodeling and commercial projects. We have a strong balance sheet that supports growing the business through internal investments as well as acquisitions and stock buybacks. We will enhance the performance of our acquisitions, and we'll continue to seek opportunities in new products and geographies. We remain optimistic about Mohawk's future, and the actions we are taking today will improve our results. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Stephen Kim: Yes. Thanks very much guys. It's Steve Kim from Evercore. Regarding your guidance, the 3Q guide, does this assume that inputs are fully offset by price and mix without any contribution from productivity? And then, I'm hoping you can speak to how volume did as you moved through the quarter. Is it fair to think that the exit rate of volume growth was maybe 300 basis points lower than for the 2Q as a whole? And has that worsened more in July?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's start with the order trends. The order trends slowed as we went through the quarter, and we exited with a lower order demand than we saw at the earlier part. When you look forward into Q3, it's normally slower than Q2 historically due to the seasonality. In addition, last year, we ran at higher levels to improve our service. Inflation is impacting discretionary spending and remodeling across the world, and we have assumed it's going to slow the business and demand down. Our view of European demand and cost is much more pessimistic today than it was a quarter ago. We anticipate having lower production in the third quarter, which will raise our costs as we align it with demand. In addition, don't forget the US dollar has really strengthened, especially against the euro since last year and will lower our translated results.
Stephen Kim: Thank. So -- I mean it sounds like you're describing the volume is going to sort of stay low in 3Q, partly due to some seasonality. But you also mentioned that some of the -- what you saw in Q2 was due to inventory destocking. I'm wondering, is it fair to think that at least that portion could ease in 3Q, wondering how big it was? And then lastly, your management reorganization, it seems that that's included in your $35 million to $40 million savings program. I'm assuming that's mostly personnel, but Mohawk's a pretty lean organization already. And so I'm wondering how the management for York might affect the company's ability to take advantage of a meaningful rebound in demand should we actually see that in the next couple of quarters?
Jim Brunk: Let's start with your first question again, Stephen.
Stephen Kim: That was the inventory destocking. Is that portion meaningful? And is it reasonable to think that, that could ease in 3Q?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think it's possible. We don't have a clear view into all of our customers' inventory levels and it differs by product, by category, by country. But we believe that they reduced them in the second quarter, and we think there could be some more reductions in the third quarter, but our visibility is limited at best. And the second part of it, the restructurings. We are not taking any meat out of the business. We are taking costs out in operations that are -- that we anticipate running less. We are in Europe doing some organizational changes in both our Rest of World business and our ceramic business in order to get them aligned with how we see the future business is going to be in Europe.
Stephen Kim: Perfect. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thanks for taking the question.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Susan Maklari: My first question is, Jeff, can you just help us think about some of the seasonality factors combined with the slowing macro? And how we should be thinking about the performance of the different segments as we look past the third quarter, but think about later this year and then going into the early parts of 2023?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's see -- let's just give you a broader, and then we'll try to get the details for you. We anticipate softening demand, as we just said before, across all the different businesses. We're seeing the same changes in every geography, we see continued increases on the pressure of our margins, given the slowing environment. And we haven't seen a significant change in the materials. The residential remodeling is slowing with new construction, commercial remaining strong again in most of the geographies. Europe at this time is being more affected by energy and will have a significant impact on our results, especially in our ceramic business. We're implementing pricing actions. We're introducing higher-value products, and we're improving service to try to maximize the sales. We talked about the restructuring initiatives a minute ago, and we have methods to reduce our expenses in all the businesses going forward as we go through. In each of the businesses, the margin -- can you help on the segment a little bit?
James Brunk: From a segment standpoint, obviously, we're seeing pressure in the ceramic segment, mainly due to energy, but also remember, employing Rest of the raw materials. So the current environment really in Europe is somewhat unpredictable with geopolitical events. We are seeing some decline in consumer spending. All the energy and kind of chemical-based materials are rising and are costly. We continue, though, to push increases in prices. And we do have some advantages in our Flooring Rest of the World segment with investments that we have made in waste energy and wind mills as an advantage. I'd also say that with commercial being strong, that helps the ceramic business in the U.S. and in Europe and also the Flooring North American business as well.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's very helpful color. And then just following up a bit on the restructuring actions, Jeff, how do you think about the areas where you're taking cost out? You mentioned carpet is one of the places where you are reducing some capacity relative to the areas where you are continuing to invest in adding production and growing? And how are you thinking about the way the business will look as we come through this macro slowdown and get to the other side of it?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's see. Well, you asked a lot of questions, if I can get to them all. The restructuring plans are still being finalized that we talked about. It's all in order to adapt to the conditions as we see them for the near term. And we talked about the restructuring. The largest is in Flooring North America. But in Europe, we expect a significant change in the environment. We are also changing it so that we're right for it as for the near-term. On the expansion pieces, the current expansion projects are really focused on the areas where we have increasing sales opportunities and/ or capacity constraints. So the areas where we're focused, there's laminate in the United States, which we're shipping all we can make. We have a new production lining in, and it's already all committed for. We have the countertops that we are oversold in the business. We're importing products from around the world to supplement it. The LVT -- we have in Mexico starting up. We believe we have business expansion to use it. And we also have a sourcing, which we can modify if the economy and businesses don't expand as much as we had hoped. And then we have premium ceramic outside where we have a slab business, which is also oversold and we're sourcing from other people. All of these are technologies that we've used in the past. There's no significant changes, which should limit the start-up costs in each one. And then the other lower investments are focused on productivity and product features. And we have postponed some investments until the visibility of everything improves.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you very much for the color, and good luck.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
David MacGregor: Yes. Good morning, everyone. And Jeff, just a question with respect to the commercial strength that you're seeing right now. My recollection is that this is an area of your business where you had undertaken some rationalization during slower times. So, would this now require some additional investment in terms of feet on the street or distribution capacity? Are you able to dimension that for us within the context of this $35 million to $40 million savings restructuring program?
Jeff Lorberbaum: There is nothing in that that's affecting the commercial business. In the past, we announced that we were going to consolidate one operation in order to improve the productivity of it, and it's well along the way. We continue to invest in salespeople, new products. We believe that the commercial business is going to stay strong. We look at the projects being worked on in the marketplace, looks like there's still a lot coming in. And we see that hospitality and retail have increased, and they're still recovering from the bottom point. There are projects that were delayed that are being reinstated. And in the category, we see hard surface growing faster than carpet tile. And in the whole category, our margins are expanding with improved mix as well as volume.
David MacGregor: Good to hear. And my second question, just with respect to maybe the residential business or just what you're experiencing there. How much margin recovery is achievable through the price increases that have been announced so far to date?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's start out with first. Our ability to project the inflation is really poor. Our current businesses are facing extraordinary inflation, and we're still managing some supply disruptions at this time. We've increased prices during the second quarter, and we've announced additional price increases, which are being implemented in this quarter. We're taking actions to control costs. We're taking actions to improve productivity. The businesses are trying to improve the mix, and we're restructuring in the different businesses that we've talked about where it's appropriate. The energy in Europe remains a problem. The pricing remains unknown and it will pressure our margins, both in the ceramic business as well as in the other businesses as it evolves. And we have a very limited view of how it's going to impact the demand there. We'll have to all see together.
David MacGregor:
Operator: The next question comes from Phil Ng, Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Phil Ng: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Given the nat gas shortages in Europe, and certainly prices have spiked. Assuming some incremental pressure in the winter months, do you have enough prices to cover the cost headwind? And when do you kind of expect to be caught up? And separately, are you seeing some of your higher cost competitors in ceramic or flooring in Europe Alder facilities since it's not economical? And how you kind of managing that risk around gas rationing potentially later this year?
Chris Wellborn: Well, natural gas is -- first of all, the energy volatility in Europe is substantial. Natural gas is significantly raising inflation and is affecting demand. It's also impacting the cost of many of our chemicals and materials that we use.
Phil Ng: Okay. Your comfort around getting gas, how are you kind of imagine that and competitors shutting down just given the economics currently?
Chris Wellborn: I think because of the cost of gas, some smaller competitors in Italy are shutting down. And so far, we've been able to get gas, but we can't predict it for the future.
Phil Ng: Okay. And then on the productivity side and cost out, the team has obviously done a great job in the last two years in that $180 million to $200 million range from a productivity standpoint, which is great. When we look out to 2023 and beyond, outside of the $35 million to $40 million cost out that you're calling out for restructuring, in a declining environment, what's like a realistic target on productivity? And when we look at your cost curve globally, outside of some of the higher-cost stuff you're taking out in North American flooring, how does it look? Is it pretty flat, or is it still pretty steep where you still have some outliers where that could be an opportunity if demand remains pretty depressed?
Jeff Lorberbaum: When you go into recessions, you have a significant volume deterioration. Usually, it's difficult to take out costs and be prepared for coming out of it and not have the margins deteriorate, and we would anticipate the same thing would happen now.
Phil Ng: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Bosshard, Cleveland Research. Please go ahead. 
Eric Bosshard: Thank you. Two things. First of all, a follow-up on the restructuring. It sounds like you're working through this real time. I just wanted clarity. Is this -- is there potentially more than what you've outlined today in terms of spend and savings? If trends continue, where they're going, or does this consider scenarios you can see, and this is what it is?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't have any major restructuring plan beyond this as the business -- as we go through a downturn when it happens, we cut back on inventories. We cut back on production. We reduced investments in marketing and staffing. We don't replace people that leave, and we shrink the business without destroying our ability to go back, which is just, I think, about every eight to 10 years, we do this.
James Brunk: Mohawk has a really strong history, and the management team out in each of the segments is well prepared to monitor their demand and the cost -- and match the cost appropriately. And so this is something that we've gone through before. And I think the teams are well prepared to take a challenge on again.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And just as another note, going into this thing at this point, it's really different. The housing demand has been exceeding supply. Normally, we've been overbuilt that has to get taken out of the system. The rental markets are really at low vacancy rates and commercial is still expanding, and you have employment at high levels. I mean, this is a really unusual environment.
James Brunk: I'd remind you that the strength of the balance sheet that Mohawk finds itself in with strong liquidity and low leverage certainly gives us a lot of flexibility.
Eric Bosshard: And then secondly, you've done a good job over the past four or five quarters of price and mix relative to raws. And I guess we'll see those numbers later today. My question is what should we expect where you expect in regards to pricing mix is easier in an environment where the consumer is put at least one foot on the brake?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're trying to do everything with the businesses to maximize the mix and bring out products that customers will pay more. However, in slowing environments that you're in, increasing prices always gets more difficult as demand slows, the different -- all the players in the market are trying to operate their assets. And usually, when you go through this environment, the material costs also start declining. So those would be typical.
Eric Bosshard: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group. Please go ahead.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi. Thank you for taking my question today. I wanted to follow-up on the inventory question from earlier in the Q&A, focusing in on Flooring North America. The industry has implemented three price increases, the share of fourth in the works in a variety of categories. And we're hearing in the channel that we're starting to see a more meaningful slowdown in the last month of the quarter, last three, four weeks of Q2. How do you balance obscured inventory optics from retailers that are naturally buying ahead of price increases and construction cycles continue to be extended versus a fundamental slowdown? And what are, your building partners saying in terms of tapping the breaks to wait for inflation and debate versus more fundamental concern about demand?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You have to put it in perspective of where they came from, when the industry and us, when our service levels were poor, they were trying to maintain their operation. So they raised their inventories, because they couldn't depend on we, and the rest of the industry to deliver it, on time at the last minute. So through that, they raised inventories. In the last quarter, I can't speak for the industry, but our supply has gotten much better. So they need to happen, but they have to take out, and they don't have to have those investments as they go through. Remember, in our business, flooring is one of the last things you put in, in a home when you build it because you don't want all the people walking through it doing the things they are, scratching it and the owner comes in and doesn't like it. So we're one of the last things that go in, as you go through. So it's a tail of it.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. Helps a little bit and then, you had touched on this earlier that pulling the string a little bit more on squaring prior expansion projects with current restructuring initiatives. Between the U.S. and Europe, how do you really -- how do you focus on continuing those expansion projects when really you're faced with a lot of uncertainty, which has, of course, driven the cutback? I mean, how much do you press forward in those expansion projects really putting forward, and why?
Jeff Lorberbaum: First, you have to start out with, that most of the expansion projects, the big ones, we've been discussing for over a year.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So the orders for the equipment are just now coming in, and some of it won't even come in for -- to later. So these things take from when you start them to when you end them, most of them take minimum 18 months and could take two years or more, is it? So these are all long-term pieces. There have been some of them that we are in different stages with. We've postponed the investments we're going to make in Brazil in that business at the moment. And we postponed other smaller ones, but the big ones that are three quarters through, you can't stop the baby.
Kathryn Thompson: Yes. Understood. Thank you. Best of luck.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Rehaut: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to just be clear on some earlier comments around price mix versus cost. And specifically, just around, number one during 2Q, if you could just review briefly across your three segments if possible or on a consolidated basis, whatever is easier where you were in terms of price cost? And do you expect 3Q to be better than that or worse, or would it -- when would you expect to get to a positive stance. If that's not 3Q, would it be 4Q assuming stability in raw materials for just an exercise point?
James Brunk: Well, Mike, first of all, as I said, we'll release the Q after the call. So we'll have all the detail. But I would share the fact that. So in Q1, we were about $11 million behind when you look at price mix versus total inflation. We're a little bit better than that in Q2. So we've closed that gap, again, price/mix versus total inflation. As you look forward, as we've said, it's a little bit more unpredictable with the rise of energy in Europe, especially impacting both our consumption of natural gas and our chemicals. So we would expect a little bit spreading of that gap in Q3, and that was all considered in our guidance.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. Appreciate that. And also I just wanted to circle back to a couple of the top-line headwinds that you highlighted in 2Q. The first, some of the channel inventory reductions and then the impact from the rug business. It would be very helpful, if possible, if you could kind of give us a rough sense of what the channel inventory reductions, what type of headwind in terms of sales growth, what type of hit to sales growth that caused? And looking forward into 3Q, I assume, you have some type of an assumption on channel inventory reductions as well as the rug impact. And I was curious if you could share that with us as well.
Jeff Lorberbaum: As you would suspect, we don't have exact views of our customers. So most of it is intuitive of what's going on rather than fact-based. And we -- and then given the size and variation of the pieces, there's a lot of differences between businesses and channels. The retail business, where there are significant inventories, we believe all those are reducing their inventories as they see a pullback in demand. And then many of them had escalated inventories because of the lower service levels they've had in the last 1.5 years. So we believe those are pulling back. Where they are and how much is there, we don't have an exact view of it. We believe there's some more to take out as we go through. On the rug side, everything you read about the top 10 retailers and countries, those are the customers, and they're all over inventory. They're all cutting back in all the things they can do to reduce their inventories, and they're cutting back in things even that are -- because other inventories are out of line, they're cutting back on a lot of things. So the decline of it was a huge amount. We think most of -- we think a big chunk of that one is out, and we expected moderate improvements in the rugs going forward different than the others.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Hughes with Truist. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. I had two questions on mix. One, you said in the prepared statement that, mix in Europe was positive in the quarter, a little bit more. And then in some of the mix pressure you're seeing in North America, is there a lot of variation by product category, how much pressure are you seeing?
James Brunk: We got the mix things in Europe.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I'm sorry, can you repeat the last question? It was hard to hear you.
Keith Hughes: Yes. The mix pressure you're seeing in North America, does it carry by product category in terms of severity, or is it pretty uniform?
James Brunk: The first part of the question on mix, especially in Europe. So ceramic Europe, again, in the second quarter -- as we anticipated, they did a very good job of really countering the energy piece of inflation in the quarter. In terms of across the board, the different product categories, what you see is with commercial increasing. That helps the margin profile in ceramic and in North America, along with ceramic Europe. And in many cases, what we are doing is trying to push the premium side of the products in the face of the rising inflation.
Keith Hughes: And in North America, is there deal any amongst the products in terms of pressure, downward pressure?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I'm not sure there's that much difference between the categories at this point. The carpet industry slowed down more. So it's probably got more impact.
Keith Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Truman Patterson with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Truman Patterson: Hey good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question. First, just wanted to -- hoping to get an update on the competitive dynamics for your European ceramic business, given the Ukrainian mining shutdown. But have your competitors been able to bring reformulated product to the market, get access to clay, et cetera? And have you all been able to reformulate your product as well?
Chris Wellborn: Truman, we've reformulated our body composition with alternative materials. The majority of the products will change over in the third quarter and the balance will be changed as we get into end of the year. We're not exactly sure where the rest of the group is, but we've made a lot of progress in changing our material.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Perfect. And then as you guys mentioned, the commercial data points that we track have been really strong still. It sounds like retail in the US has been soft. But could you break out in North America and maybe what your commercial sales were up year-over-year and how it compares to the US residential or R&R retail sales during the quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't break it down at that detailed level. The commercial construction remodeling, as you said, is strengthening across all channels. It's led by government, workplace and health care channels. We've seen the hospitality and retail increase, and it hasn't recovered as much. So it's got a lot more to go versus the other channels. We're seeing projects that were delayed being reinstated. And I think we said this earlier, the hard surface businesses continue to grow faster than the carpet tile business. In our business, the commercial has a higher margin than our residential business. So it's improving our mix. And then within the commercial business, as these larger projects go on, they tend to use higher value products, which improves our mix part of it.
James Brunk: And I would say the concentration is higher in US ceramic than is in Flooring North America as a percentage of the sales.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Thanks guys. And good luck on coming quarter.
James Brunk: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Baumgarten with Zelman. Please go ahead.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey, good morning everyone. Apologies, if I missed this, but could you give more color on the temporary shutdowns in Flooring North America -- or sorry, Rest of World that you guys noted and which maybe products those were?
James Brunk: Well, in the quarter, as we saw demand lessen and the environment becomes more unpredictable. We did pull back on some production to keep inventory aligned.
Adam Baumgarten: Was that in specific product categories out there, or is it across the board?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think it was more in the flooring category is it. But then -- also, you have to remember that the vacations are coming up, so we tend to build inventories and take out during the vacations. We're planning on having higher -- more downtime this year. Last year, we were trying to minimize all the downtime to build inventories. This year, we will have more downtime as we go through the period in the vacation time frame.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay. Got it. And then just maybe if you can give us an update on the European ceramic natural gas headwinds that you saw in the quarter. And what you're building in for 3Q?
Chris Wellborn: But I think the best way to look at that, historically, energy is between 10% and 15% of our ceramic cost, and in Europe now at 35% to 40%. Recently, gas prices have spiked again and we'll just have to see how market evolves. We have -- in that environment we focused on the premium end of the market, where energy is less percent. We've introduced more differentiated products, and I expect we'll lose a little share in the low end of the market.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Jeff Lorberbaum: On the other thing, if the gas prices stay where they are, that will have a bigger impact in the fourth quarter as the inventory flows through.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay. Thanks. Thats helpful.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Bouley with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Matthew Bouley: Hey. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the questions. I wanted to ask about North American, I guess, competition versus imports specifically. Now that ocean shipping might be loosening a little bit. Clearly, the US dollar is getting stronger. What's sort of your sense for the competitive landscape evolving there versus imports and pricing power versus importers? Thank you.
Chris Wellborn: Well, in the quarter, import pricing increased given energy and transportation costs. Ocean freight availability is improving, but the cost is still elevated. Our domestic manufacturing is well positioned with the premium collections and our commercial demand is improving. We've seen the freight decline a little bit, but it's still elevated.
Matthew Bouley: Okay. Got it. And then secondly, apologies if I missed this, but just the free cash flow result in the quarter. You mentioned building inventory and the inflation around that. But just sort of speak to the outlook on working capital and ability to sort of generate additional free cash flow as we move through the year? Thank you.
James Brunk: First of all, the balance sheet, again, is very strong with liquidity of $1 billion and the leverage finished the quarter about 1.1 times. In terms of cash flow, we're -- it was about flat for the quarter. It's really impacted by the increase in inflation and growth in sales, along with some of the investment in our capital projects. We do anticipate as we go through the year, certainly to have a strong positive cash flow with inventory increasing, mainly due to inflation, improving service and some investment in future projects, which will help our going forward results. And remember, we've committed to two acquisitions at this point for approximately $440 million, and the full year CapEx is now about $785 million.
Matthew Bouley: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question comes from John Lovallo with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Lovallo: Hey, guys. Thank you for fitting me in here. Maybe just two quick ones on my end. The first one is when do you anticipate hitting the full run rate of that $35 million to $40 million in targeted savings? And how should we think about the cadence of the cash restructuring costs?
James Brunk: So as we said, we're completing the plans on that. You should see most of the cost hit between Q3 and Q4 with limited savings at the end of the year, and then it will ramp up to the full amount during 2023.
John Lovallo: Okay. That's helpful. And then did you guys repurchase any stock in the quarter? And would you anticipate the buybacks kind of ramping up here given where the valuation is?
James Brunk: We purchased very little in the quarter with the announcement that we made of the two acquisitions for over $400 million. But based on the strength of the balance sheet that I talked about previously, additional acquisitions and stock buybacks will continue to be opportunities as we go through Q3 and the end of the year.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Since there are no more questions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Again, thank you for joining us today. We're confident about our future, and we're taking actions to improve our results. Have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Charlotte, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Mohawk Industries' First Quarter 2022 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, April 29, 2022. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. James Brunk. Mr. Brunk, you may begin your conference.
James Brunk: Thank you, Charlotte. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor call. Joining me on today's call are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we'll update you on the company's first quarter performance and provide guidance for the second quarter. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for his opening remarks. Jeff?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Jim. Mohawk's performance in the first quarter exceeded our expectations. Sales in the quarter rose to an all-time record of $3 billion, up 13% as reported or approximately 17% on a constant currency and days basis. Our sales momentum continued from the fourth quarter, reflecting higher pricing, growth in our ceramic businesses, an improving commercial sector and benefit from our small acquisitions. Our operating income exceeded our forecast as strength in the global ceramic business offset rising European energy costs, improved operational efficiencies, enhanced Flooring North America's results and our management of European market pressures benefited Flooring Rest of the World. During the quarter, we ran our operations at high levels in most markets to address order backlogs and replenish inventory. During the past year, rapid cost escalations have required multiple pricing actions to pass through. We've implemented these unprecedented increases across our markets and have also announced additional increases across the businesses as inflation continues to rise. We're also controlling SG&A spending, enhancing operational efficiencies and introducing new features. Labor shortages persist, requiring enhanced training programs and process improvements to minimize impacts. Supply chain issues continued through the quarter, impacting specific products and markets. We manage material shortages by re-engineering products, streamlining our SKUs and improving production planning. Market conditions for flooring remain favorable, even as governments raise interest rates to combat inflation. Employment is at high levels and wages are increasing in most of our markets. Millions of millennials in their late 20s and early 30s are forming households and desire homeownership. Unlike past cycles, U.S. home housing inventory is historically low. More single-family homes are under construction, and the home deficit will take years to align supply with demand. New residential construction will continue at high levels and delayed 2021 home construction will increase flooring purchases this year. Remodeling should remain strong, supported by rising home equity and buyers of existing homes completing long-term projects they've initiated over the past few years. Aging housing stock and changing needs of those working from home also expand property updates. We continue to introduce differentiated products that inspire remodeling projects as families customize recently acquired homes. Commercial new construction and remodeling continues to strengthen as business conditions improve and projects that were delayed due to COVID are initiated. Our commercial products create inviting environments for businesses, and we are deploying appealing new collections to capture pent-up commercial demand. In some markets, our growth in the quarter was limited by inventory and production constraints. We are executing multiple expansion projects so that we can satisfy demand for our higher growth products, create innovative new features and improve operational efficiencies. The categories that we are expanding include U.S. laminate, LVT and quartz countertops; European laminate, high-end porcelain slabs and specialty products; and ceramic tile in Brazil and Mexico. Our recent bolt-on acquisitions in Europe are enhancing our growing insulation and panels businesses. Sales of products remained strong and our design and features we're bringing to the market give us competitive advantages in all price points. Against the background of geopolitical tensions and rising inflation, Mohawk has continued to deliver sales growth, generate strong cash flow and maintain historically low leverage. Given the undervaluation of our stock relative to our earnings, our Board approved an additional $500 million share repurchase program in February. We acquired 2.1 million shares during the first quarter for a total of $307 million. Since the start of 2020, we've acquired 8.5 million shares, representing 12% of the outstanding balance, reflecting our confidence in Mohawk's long-term growth and profitability. Our strong balance sheet provides many alternatives for investments, including product extensions, geographic expansion, acquisitions and further stock buybacks. Since becoming a public company, Mohawk has completed many transformational and bolt-on acquisitions, and we continue to explore additional options. Finally, I'm pleased that Jerry Burris has joined our Board of Directors. Jerry is the President and CEO of Midwest Can Company, and he brings unique strengths in business strategy and operations to our Board. Now Jim will cover our first quarter financial results in more detail.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. Sales for the quarter were just over $3 billion. That's a 13% increase as reported and 17% on a constant basis, being an all-time quarterly record. The year-over-year increase in sales was primarily driven by pricing actions in response to significant global inflation and volume growth in a number of our product categories compared to a strong unit expansion in Q1 of 2021. Gross margin for the quarter was 26.6% versus the prior year of 30.1%, excluding charges. On an absolute dollar basis, gross earnings was flat versus prior year as pricing actions and productivity countered increased inflation, offset by FX headwinds, higher temporary shutdowns due to material supply shortages and limited unit volume growth. The actual detail amounts of these items will be included in the MD&A of our 10-Q, which will be filed after this call. SG&A, as reported, was 16% of sales versus 17.7% in the prior year. The increase in SG&A dollars was due to the impact of product mix, inflation and volume, partially offset by increased productivity and the impact of FX. Operating income, as reported, was $321 million. Excluding charges was $323 million or 10.7% compared to 12.3% in the prior year. Adjusted operating income on a constant FX basis was $334 million compared to $329 million in the prior year. The year-over-year increase was a result of strong pricing actions and increased productivity offsetting the higher inflation, negatively impacted by lower overall volume dollars and higher temporary shutdowns due to material shortages. Interest expense for the quarter was $11 million. The year-over-year decrease of approximately $4 million was mainly due to the settlement of our 2022 2% Eurobond in Q4 of 2021. Other income, other expense was an expense of $3 million. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 22.3%, and we expect the full year tax rate to be between 22% and 23% with possible quarterly variations. That leads us to an earnings per share on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis of $3.78. That's an increase of 13% versus the prior year on a GAAP basis and 8% on a non-GAAP basis. Turning to the segments. Global Ceramic had sales of just under $1.1 billion. That's an increase of 14.5% as reported or approximately 18.5% on a constant basis. The year-over-year increase in sales was primarily a result of segment-wide pricing actions with the strongest volume increase in Europe, Mexico and with our U.S. quartz countertop business. Operating margin, excluding charges, was 9.4% versus 9.6% in the prior year. And adjusted operating income on a constant basis was $103 million compared to $89 million last year. The year-over-year increase is due to pricing actions combined with productivity to offset inflation, even with the European energy crisis, in addition to favorable year-over-year volume. Flooring North America had sales also just shy of $1.1 billion. That's a 10.6% increase as reported or 12.3% on a constant basis. The year-over-year sales growth is due to aggressive pricing actions and volume strength in resilient, laminate and the commercial business units, offset by softness in residential carpet. Operating margin, excluding charges, was 8.9% versus 9.3% in the prior year, and operating income was $95 million compared to $90 million last year. The segment increase in operating income dollars was due to pricing actions and increased productivity initiatives offsetting inflation, which was due primarily to rising material costs, lower overall volume and shutdown costs caused by material shortages. And finally, in Flooring Rest of the World, sales were $879 million. That's an increase of 14.2% as reported or 22% on a constant basis, driven by strong pricing actions across the segment and volume growth in laminate, panels and installation businesses. The operating margin, excluding charges, was 15.5%, but a decrease from our 20.9% in the prior year. Adjusted operating income on a constant basis was $145 million compared to $161 million last year. The year-over-year decrease was driven by significant inflation, primarily offset by pricing actions in addition to unfavorable productivity and temporary shutdowns due to material shortages and material substitution. Corporate and eliminations was $10 million this year, in line with prior year. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments was $541 million, with free cash flow being a use of cash of $75 million in the quarter with a return to normal seasonality. Full year cash flow is projected to approach prior year. Receivables for the quarter were just over $2 billion with a DSO of 53.8 days, slightly down from the 54.4 days in the prior year. Inventories were just over $2.5 billion. That's an increase of $517 million or 26% from the prior year with approximately 60% due to inflation and 40% due to unit growth. Inventory days were at 110.5 versus 105.6 in the prior year. Property, plant and equipment was just over $4.5 billion, with CapEx for the quarter at $129 million versus a D&A of $141 million. Full year CapEx is forecasted to be approximately $800 million, with D&A forecasted at $570 million. And finally, the balance sheet and free cash flow for the full year remain very strong with gross debt currently at $2.6 billion and leverage at 1.1x adjusted EBITDA. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Chris for a review of our key operational areas.
William Wellborn: Thank you, Jim. Our U.S. ceramic business continues to improve its sales and margins. We are enhancing our product mix and implementing multiple price increases to cover inflation. During the quarter, the residential sector remained strong while the commercial sector gained momentum as businesses initiated new projects and commenced deferred remodeling. Our sales should be positively impacted by providing alternatives to tile imports, which are increasing in price and experiencing shipping delays. We have enhanced our technology tools to make product selection, ordering and pick up the fastest and easiest in the industry. Our quartz countertop sales are growing rapidly and to satisfy demand, we have initiated construction to expand capacity at our Tennessee countertop facility. We see our position in the U.S. ceramic market improving with new construction at high levels and strengthening commercial channels as we provide domestically produced options with outstanding visuals and features. The results of our ceramic business in Mexico and Brazil continue to be strong, even with our sales in the quarter being limited by low inventory levels. Our performance was supported by ongoing strength in residential construction and remodeling with commercial projects improving. During the past year, we have responded to rising inflation and higher energy cost with multiple price increases, which both markets have accepted. We will continue to take pricing actions as inflation rises. Near term, we see strength in both markets continuing though increasing interest rates and inflation may impact future demand. To relieve constraints, we have increased capacity in Mexico, and we are negotiating with government agencies for permits and incentives to construct a new porcelain facility in Brazil. In our European ceramic business, our management team is taking extraordinary steps to adapt to a uniquely challenging environment. Our sales in the first quarter grew as consumer demand strengthened and our customers increased inventory levels in anticipation of inflation. The ceramic industry production in Europe was interrupted when Ukrainian clay supplies to Western Europe ceased. Natural gas prices for the balance of the year have escalated from prior estimates, raising our future cost. We improved the results by increasing prices more than we expected, and we enhanced our product mix to improve our results. We anticipated the Ukrainian clay problems and increased our inventory levels before the invasion to avoid interrupting our production. Our clay inventory should provide sufficient time to reformulate products with alternative materials without disrupting our operations. There is more market uncertainty in the second half of 2022 with economic growth expected to slow and energy costs higher than earlier estimates. We are prepared to adjust our strategies as necessary based on market conditions. The Flooring Rest of the World segment delivered solid top line growth as demand remains strong. Our management team took actions to manage rising energy costs, escalating material inflation and volatile supply chains. Despite multiple price increases, we are lagging rapidly rising cost in Europe and have announced additional price increases in response to continuing inflationary pressures. Our continuous innovation and new features supports our market position and margins. Due to their unique visuals and water-resistant performance, demand for our premium laminate collections remain strong. Though material supply in the quarter limited production, our laminate sales increased and we expected continued long-term growth as we expand the premium laminate category with new innovation and design and features. To maximize our distribution in laminate, we introduced our leading-edge innovations in the specialty channel under our Quick-Step brand and follow them up in other channels with premium features that add value utilizing unique brands. With this market strategy for our laminate, we are expanding our market share and adding new capacity to support in Belgium by the end of 2023. Sales in our LVT and sheet vinyl business were negatively impacted by material disruptions and low inventory levels. Our margins improved through the period driven by increased production and prices. Raw material supply for both categories was especially challenging, but improved as we went through the period. We are continuing to enhance our LVT processes and formulations to improve our sales and margins. Our rigid LVT sales are growing substantially as the category increases in consumer preference. Our 2 bolt-on acquisitions contributed to our top line during the quarter, and the integration of both is proceeding as planned. Our purchase of an insulation manufacturer with plants in Ireland and the U.K. increased our market share and sales of polyurethane insulation products. In one of the installation plants we acquired, a new production line with state-of-the-art technology is presently starting up. Our new French MDF facility has enhanced our product offering and extended the geographic reach of our business. We will enhance the plant's operations by improving processes, expanding capacity and generating energy from waste wood. Despite material constraints, our panel sales grew significantly in the quarter, including strong results in our mezzanine business, which is expanding with e-commerce demand. Our new high-pressure laminate line is performing well and extending our manufacturing into a new product category that coordinates with other wood panels. To deliver more sustainable panel products, we have introduced a new patented technology for reclaiming wood fiber from MDF boards that will reduce carbon emissions and our cost position. Our 2 energy plants fueled with waste wood lower our carbon emissions and significantly reduce our energy cost. Our Australian business had robust demand for flooring in the quarter following the loosening of COVID restrictions, while New Zealand remained difficult due to continued COVID restrictions. Price increases have been implemented in both countries in response to rising material and transportation costs. As in Flooring Rest of World, Flooring North America is managing the greatest inflation we have ever experienced. The strategies we have been implementing during the past 2 years have improved our sales execution, cost structure and service levels and enabled us to manage a difficult environment. Most of our manufacturing costs are related to oil and gas prices and our suppliers continue to increase their margins given supply constraints. To offset, we have announced new price increases this year in addition to the multiple rounds of increases in 2021. Across the segment, we have initiated many projects to increase productivity, improve efficiencies and upgrade our assets to enhance our results. Mohawk holds a leading share of the North American laminate market and sales of our premium collections continued to grow in the quarter as our new production line ramped up. We anticipate achieving our targeted production levels as planned during the second quarter, which will expand the sales of our next-generation products. With realistic visuals and superior performance, our laminate has become an appealing waterproof alternative to both wood and LVT in most channels, including new home construction. Escalating market demand in North America is absorbing our additional production as it comes online, and we are further expanding our U.S. laminate capacity next year to support continued growth. Our LVT sales continued to grow substantially in the first quarter as we benefited from an improved offering across all channels. Our margins were impacted by material disruptions that interrupted manufacturing, delays in sourced products and higher ocean freight costs. Our legacy LVT operation has significantly improved its processes and is increasing line speeds and capacity. Our new West Coast LVT facility is initiating production and fine-tuning processes. When fully implemented, our East and West Coast operations will provide logistics and service advantages to our customers. We will continue to strategically utilize sourced LVT to round out our portfolio and maximize our business. Our sheet vinyl sales also increased, though material shortages stopped our operations and raised our cost in the period. We anticipate material supply for our resilient business normalizing during the second quarter, which will improve our sales and margins. Residential carpet service improved substantially and customers are lowering inventory, impacting sales. We are raising prices further to offset escalating material and energy costs. By reducing complexity, simplifying operations and increasing efficiencies, we are improving costs. We are managing tight labor markets that are impacting staffing and productivity. Our commercial sales continue to rebound led by strength in the government, workplace and health care channels. Sales in both our carpet tile and commercial LVT collections are growing as new and deferred projects are being initiated. Commercial design activity continues to strengthen as reflected by the March Architectural Billing Index. This project pipeline will support future specification and sales growth of our commercial products. Our domestically produced LVT is being more widely specified due to its greater dimensional stability, superior performance and preference for more consistent local supply. We are committed to becoming carbon neutral with our commercial flooring products and have introduced a new carpet tile that provides superior acoustics and comfort while achieving the highest level of sustainability certifications with half the carbon footprint. With that, I'll return the call to Jeff.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. Four months into 2022, we remain cautiously optimistic about industry growth this year despite inflation and interest rate pressures. We've announced additional price increases in most of our products and markets as inflation continues to rise. Housing supply is historically low and rising mortgage rates are spurring families to purchase homes sooner. Remodeling should be supported by continued existing home sales, higher home equity and the upgrading of homes purchased over the past 2 to 3 years. We anticipate the commercial sector will continue its rebound with people returning to pre-pandemic routines. We expect improvements in the supply of constrained materials which should increase our production levels. Our capital investments when completed will relieve specific capacity constraints and increase our offering. This year, we are focused on optimizing our mix and margins by limiting the impact of inflation through price increases, controlling our spending and initiating additional productivity actions, which should increase in our year-over-year earnings per share. Given these factors, we anticipate our second quarter adjusted EPS to be $4.25 to $4.35, excluding any restructuring charges. We have confidence in the long-term future of our business despite near-term uncertainties. Globally, there is a structural deficit for housing that will take years to satisfy and we should benefit from strong long-term trends in new home construction, residential remodeling and commercial projects. Our brands are the most recognized in flooring and provide a comprehensive product portfolio that includes the industry's strongest collection of sustainable products. We are making it easier for our customers to grow their business through leading digital tools that generate customer leads, simplify ordering and expedite deliveries. Through the innovation of our talented team, we continue to lead the industry in design, performance and value. The strength of our balance sheet allows us to pursue both transformational and bolt-on acquisitions that complement our business. Over the next 3 to 5 years, these advantages should enhance Mohawk's sales and margin expansion. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Tim Wojs with Baird.
Timothy Wojs: Maybe just first question on mix. I'm just kind of curious if you can maybe give us an update about what you're seeing, maybe broad strokes on the mix side? And have you seen any reaction to higher prices in any areas from a mix perspective? And then I guess from your own capacity, what is the opportunity to kind of mix up within your production or within your product lines to improve margins? And I guess is that something you'd want to do in the current environment or not?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: There is some trading down going on in the various markets. As you increase prices, some people have budgets and it requires them to reduce the quality of the product. That is occurring in different pieces. It's probably more in the middle. The bottom end of the market, there's not much place to go. And the top end, the people are not squeezed. So there is some of that coming. We think the industry will remain at high levels with volumes, with increases in average selling prices. We anticipate seasonality return to normal versus prior year, the last year or so and inflation slowing. We also anticipate the U.S. dollar strengthening and negatively impacting our translated results this year.
Timothy Wojs: Okay. Okay. So there's a little bit there. I guess then within your own capacity, I mean, just given the environment, would you look to mix up within the product lines just to improve margins? Are you okay with your kind of current mix?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Listen, we always try to improve the mix. In certain cases where, just like our European ceramic business, on purpose, we have limited the sales of the low end given the rising inflation and pushed it up, which also helped our margins in our ceramic business. And the goal each year is to introduce new products to enhance the mix of the business and help us improve the margins.
Timothy Wojs: Okay. Okay. Good. And then I guess just for context, I mean, I know supply has been a challenge in certain of your businesses. I mean, if you had the necessary access to raw materials, I mean, what type of volume growth would you have been able to deliver if you got the right amount of raw materials?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The operations, many of them were disrupted by materials and it includes LVT and sheet vinyl in the U.S. and Europe, our laminate business, our panel business, and some of the others are all by material, lack of materials. There was also COVID restrictions in Australia and New Zealand. We had delays in imported products. As we went through the quarter, all the impacts reduced. We think the second quarter will be substantially better.
James Brunk: And then what I would say from a cost perspective, we know it impacted us about $9 million in the quarter, but the sales loss is really hard to estimate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley from Barclays.
Matthew Bouley: Just on supply, again, specifically the European clay supply. It sounds like you procured inventory ahead of disruption. I think I heard you say that the inventory build is going to allow you some extra time to reformulate materials. Can you just elaborate just on the supply picture for clay in Europe and sort of what you and the industry are doing to address that?
William Wellborn: Well, as you mentioned, Ukrainian clay is widely used in Europe, and we did increase our inventories. I think we can have a sustainable advantage in this area because, one, we have a good supply for the transition. And we have really good R&D resources and logistics resources working on alternatives. And I think we'll have an advantage versus many companies going forward.
Matthew Bouley: Okay. I guess same topic in European ceramic. I think you mentioned that the volume was, I think you said strong, I guess, in spite of the price increases. It sounded like some customers were building inventory ahead of inflation. Could you just speak to what that inventory build could mean for future volumes and just how you think about the elasticity of customer demand as these higher prices do come through?
William Wellborn: Well, we were able to take pricing. And we do believe that there was some early buy-in to those price increases. We don't really have a good judge as to just how much that volume was, but I would anticipate there was some prebuy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs.
Susan Maklari: My first question is, you talked a lot about the ability to gain market share just given a lot of these global dynamics, whether it's domestic or international that are coming through. And I guess, as you look forward, can you just comment on the ability to retain a lot of that market share? Anything that you are doing differently to make that perhaps a bit stickier than it has been in the past? And how we should be thinking about what that could mean for volumes as we go through the next couple of quarters when maybe the supply chains incrementally improve?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: As we look forward, we're cautiously optimistic about what's going to happen this year despite the rising inflation, the interest rates. And given our international business, the strengthening dollar will reduce the translation of the pieces. Our basis is starting as the GDP will to continue to grow though at a lower rate. We see higher pricing continuing and continuing to raise it with increasing material costs. And we see that the availability of materials is going to help us increase. We mentioned before that the commercial will continue improving and we've announced other increases to cover the costs that we're chasing. The other thing that's going to benefit us going forward is this repurchase stock we've done will continue to increase the EPS. And just as a note while we're talking, the seasonality of the business, the Q2 is our strongest period of the year. And then Q3 is impacted by European vacations. Some of the models don't put that in. And then the fourth quarter is typical with holidays and lower than the third quarter.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's helpful. And actually, that sort of leads into my next question, Jeff, which is, as we do look out to the rest of the year, can you just give us some commentary on how we should be thinking about the different puts and takes across the different segments given that some of these comps are still a little bit weird as we go through the next couple of quarters?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: When you look at last year, the first half of the year, we went into the year and the industry was, the inventory in the channels were really low. The capacities were constrained. But what happened is, we shipped a lot in the first half of the year seasonally high. So the comps in the first half are harder than normal. And then in the second half, it should normalize and then we should see the comps get easier versus last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from Truist.
Keith Hughes: Your Flooring North America growth was pretty impressive considering that carpet had its struggles in the quarter. Could you give us some kind of magnitude of how much your hard surface grew within that segment to get this result?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let's see how we answer that one. The first quarter performance, you're right, the sales increased 12% on a constant basis, primarily due to pricing actions. And you're right, the LVT and laminate had strong sales momentum while the carpet business was weaker with the channels adjusting inventory as well as more normalization of the share of the different products. The strategies that we're implementing over the last couple of years with all the changes we've made are improving our sales and service, reducing our costs. And then we continue to, our laminate business has been limited by our capacities. In our LVT, we've been expanding the production rates that we're at. We've been importing more to satisfy it and then we're starting up this new plant to get it. If you look in our Q, you can look at different product categories and will just show you in broad terms the volume in the different categories by product category.
James Brunk: And you'll see, Keith, the laminate wood and resilient categories certainly did grow and also supported by a stronger commercial business.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Second question, just on LVT in North America. We've seen strong import numbers coming. And I think you're still importing product here as well. Do you feel like Mohawk, overall, do you think you're growing in line or faster or below what LVT is doing in North America?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, first of all, that number is hard to get. And...
Keith Hughes: If you compare it versus imports, for example, are you growing faster than imports are coming in?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We also have in the first quarter to the Chinese and the Asian shutdown. So people build inventories before it, which all show up in the first quarter, which are shipped in the fourth quarter coming in. But I think we're growing as fast or faster than the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut: First, I just wanted to circle back to your comments around seasonality in the third quarter and fourth quarter. Any type of additional granularity would be helpful. And specifically, should we be thinking about the 2Q EPS as the high-water mark from a quarter perspective for the year? And anything in terms of sales and margins relative to 2Q would be helpful.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I mean, if you go back and look at the last few years, you'll see that the Q2 is the high-water mark. And what happens is that we take our vacations and shut down the plants in Europe, which impacts the sales and margins in the third quarter. On the other hand, the U.S. businesses tend to peak, so they offset a little bit as you go through. And then the fourth quarter is always lower than the third quarter because of vacations and people don't buy flooring products when they have their Christmas trees up as you go typically. Jim, do you want to add anything to it?
James Brunk: As you look at the seasonality, Mike, the other things to consider in terms of our projection, we're taking into account the pace of inflation, the pricing that we're implementing. Remember, Jeff's earlier comment on the comps in the first half. So the sales expansion in the first half of the year should be mostly driven by sales price increases, where the second half of the year we would expect some normalization of price versus volume, all things considered what we know today.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Jim, go over the FX impact from just the euro where it is.
James Brunk: Yes. The other point on the seasonality, as Jeff just pointed out, is our FX exposure, especially to the euro from a cost standpoint. Last year, in the second quarter, the euro was approaching $1.20, $1.21. As you've seen recently, it's fallen to below $1.06 to $1.05 even. So that will have an impact on our translated results.
Michael Rehaut: Great. That's very helpful, appreciate the color there. I guess secondly, I was interested in your comments earlier around the clay inventory, Ukrainian clay inventory. And I believe if I heard it right, it was Chris that kind of mentioned that you view the supply, I guess, sustainable in the near term and that perhaps in the medium to longer term, you can work on alternatives from an R&D perspective. I just wanted to explore that a little bit if we could dive deeper into that just to understand, if possible, how long the clay reserves that you currently have would sustain production and what type of R&D alternatives could there be that could easily be used as a replacement once those reserves are depleted.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let me start and then Chris will give you a detailed answer. One point we were trying to make is that we got more price in the first quarter than we had expected. Part of that was because the production by the industry was less because of that and it enabled the industry to push through more price faster than we expected. So that was one point. The second is, that Chris had said, was that our inventory levels are higher than everybody, are higher than most people, most other companies. And so it didn't impact us as much. And then we're covered through most of the year. And then our people, different others, we have more worldwide insight into what's going on around the world and can find alternatives easier. And we think that we also have an advantage in our chemists and their abilities to swap, which should help us make the transition. Chris, did I miss anything?
William Wellborn: No. I'd just add to that, Michael, that especially in Spain and Italy, but all Europe uses Ukrainian clay mostly for particular products at the high end. And so everybody is going to be, the anticipation is that everybody is going to lose that supply of Ukrainian clay and everybody is going to have to substitute. The amount we have gives us a longer time to transition, and we think there's alternatives, not just for us, but the industry to replace Ukrainian clay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI.
Stephen Kim: Congratulations on that Ukrainian move. It sounds like you outfoxed your competition there. I wanted to ask a couple of questions on Flooring North America, though. First, on the resi carpet side, you mentioned that carpet service is improving and customers are reducing inventory. I just wanted to see if you could elaborate a little bit on that. Why are the customers reducing inventory? That's a business that right now we're seeing a lot of bottlenecks or extended construction cycle times. I think most people who follow the homebuilding industry think that we're probably nearing max, that, that situation is probably not going to get a lot worse from here. It may improve. So I was just wondering how you think that might affect the overall sales into the channel. So if you can just put your comment about reducing inventory by customers into context with that kind of an outlook.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: What happened in the fall of last year and before, our customers were taking everything they could due to the timing of the shipments, which was unpredictable. So if there was any availability, they were taking it. And most of them increased their warehouses in order to put it, in order to have more consistent supply. Over the last few months, we've been able to get the inventories and the service levels back almost to where they were prior to pre-pandemic levels so they don't require the same inventory levels to operate their business was the point.
Stephen Kim: Got it. Makes sense. Okay. That's fine. But I would imagine that to the degree that the builders are actually able to build more product and have more completions, that would be a somewhat offsetting benefit to you later in the year perhaps, correct me if I'm wrong.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So the volume is all dependent on how many houses they build, and it looks like it's going to be a good year. It looks like there were a lot of homes that were started last year that extended in their completion dates. So flooring tends to be the last thing in them. So that should also help.
Stephen Kim: Yes. I would guess. Speaking of that and the fact, how the installation of flooring may be different from some other products. One of the things that we've been thinking about is that maybe you might see in this weird environment in housing a slower rate of existing home sales, even though new construction stay stronger and the home prices, we think, will be resilient. But if you see slower U.S. existing home sales, I'm curious, do you think that flooring is more exposed to the kind of remodeling that's associated with a move, where somebody moves versus remodeling to stay? The thing I was thinking about was that to remodel a floor, a lot of times you got to like sort of clear the room out. It's a little bit invasive and that kind of thing. It's kind of easier to do like when you're sort of switching houses, so to speak. And I was curious if you'd ever done any work on that. If you think there's any validity to that or if there's offsetting factors that I'm not thinking about?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Flooring is a significant disruption to somebody's home. So typically, they are larger projects. And again, when people do move, there tend to be significant changes in the flooring that goes in the home. Now it all doesn't get done on Day 1. So it takes usually a period of years for people to, when they buy a home, to upgrade it, which means there should be a lot of pent-up demand from the last 2 or 3 years of really high existing home sales. So if existing home sales slow down, you should have this demand left over that everybody is still remodeling from the last few years because most people don't have the money to do it all at once or the inclination.
Stephen Kim: Yes. And then also probably contractor availability probably delayed things as well.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The other part people talk about is up to now people wanted to do projects and the labor was really restricted. So I don't know how much has been postponed because the labor wasn't available.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Dahl from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Dahl: Just another follow-up on the clay and European results. Is there any way you can quantify it? It does seem like you've had a temporary advantage, and I know your perspective on that could carry on for some time. But the advantage that you had given your decisions on supply, can you quantify how much that contributed to 1Q and 2Q? And I guess the second part of the question is, to your point, everyone is kind of rushing to reformulate. Have you ever experienced a situation like this where there's been kind of mass reformulation and what is the time line? How long does it typically take, especially since this is a kind of a unique type of product that it's targeting? And any insight on kind of time line for reformulation for you or your peers?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It hasn't happened like this before because usually, if you want to make a change in it, you know it's coming, you anticipate it and you look for other alternatives. Usually, the change time takes months because you're running this thing at close to 2,000 degrees and very small changes affect the flatness of the product and quality of the product. And then you have to make multiple tests and then test it up. So you usually go through a very systematic method of changeover. Presently, depending upon where people are, they're not going to have that option if they have low inventories. And we know what happened with some competitors is they actually reduced their production already. Now how long it's going to take each one of them to react to it, I can't answer. I can tell you that with our worldwide views, we're looking all over the world, and we have tests going on for the last month to all different products and categories, and we think we're advantaged by that.
William Wellborn: It's going to be harder for a smaller company to do all that research and have the logistics to change it for one. And the other thing, Ukrainian clay is most important for high-end products. And for a company that has a broad range of products, it's going to have a less impact than if you're a small player just doing premium.
Michael Dahl: Right. Okay. And then my second question is on Russia. Jeff, can you give us an update on your Russian operations. One, are you still operating? Two, if so, why are you still operating as other global companies have pulled out? And three, is Russia at this point self-contained or are you exporting any product from Russia to Europe?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, let's start out, we're really concerned and saddened by what's going on there and the actions of Russia. It's a huge humanitarian crisis. Our European team is supporting our Ukrainian employees. We're providing aid to refugees in Poland as we go through. We have suspended new investments there. We've reduced the spending. We're following all sanctions in the marketplace.
Michael Dahl: And as far as just rationale for staying there longer term and then the second point being, are you exporting any product from Russia to Europe or is it really just still all self-contained there?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The export business is a very limited portion of the business that like most of our businesses, they're all set up to satisfy the local markets. So we don't export much. It's good.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Ng from Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Congrats on a really strong quarter and 2Q guidance looks pretty encouraging. Jeff, I guess, big picture, the macro backdrop and consumer feels a little choppier. Is there an ability to kind of slow down the ramp of some of the new capacity you're bringing on if we do see an air pocket later this year? I'm just trying to gauge how quickly can you pivot from growth mode to perhaps a more muted backdrop.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So let's just sort of focus on where the growth is. The expansion projects are in areas where we have capacity constraints existing and/or the sales of the product categories are expanding. So if you start and look through the different pieces, in the U.S., we're expanding the laminate business. In the laminate business, we have a new line going in, and it's already sold up and committed. And it's growing in market share as it becomes a substitute, an equal substitute for LVT and wood. The LVT, we are increasing our production. We're sourcing a lot of product. And so if it slows down, we can reduce the amount of sourced products. In quartz countertops, we are oversold in our U.S. plant. We're importing products there. So if this slows down as we put it in, we can reduce the amount of imports there as we go through. But the quartz countertop and LVT businesses are also growing rapidly. That's it. In Europe, we've reached the capacity of our laminate production, and it's not coming in until the end of next year. So again, we're growing our share in it. So we may have to slow it down for a little bit in the transition if things slow down, but we need it. The porcelain slabs we're putting in, again, we are oversold and sourcing products from it. And then we're spending money to be able to change the mix within the plants in Europe to upgrade the quality of the products and make more specialized pieces, which will help our mix and margins. And then finally, the ceramic in Brazil is, I mean, we've been oversold for over a year, and we need to expand the capacity there. In Mexico, we've already put in the expansion and it's being utilized. So beyond those things, the major pieces are all in either bringing new product features to market or into cost reduction. So I think we've made the right decisions. Whether we can use it all as fast as we hoped or not, as you hear, a lot of the stuff is, we're sourcing or not. And whatever the market is, we'll have to adjust to it.
Philip Ng: Got you. That's great color. And then from some of the trade flow and supply chain nuances, it sounds like you're pretty well positioned in North America on the ceramic side and the LVT side. It sounds like you're taking share. Can you kind of expand on that just given some of the logistical costs and whatnot? And then separately, you talked about how maybe inventory from your customers are drawing down some of that for carpet. Are you seeing any of that dynamic elsewhere?
William Wellborn: Well, just on the, we're talking about taking share in ceramic. You've got import pricing has increased given energy and transportation, ocean freights causing delays and increasing cost, and then our domestic manufacturing is well positioned and our commercial demand is growing.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: In the LVT, there is more U.S. production being made because of the logistics problems that go along with it. So we think we're well positioned there, and it's the right thing to do. I forgot the rest of your question to tell you the truth.
Philip Ng: No problem. You talked about on the carpet side, some of your customers are drawing down inventory because they're replenished at this point. Are you seeing any of that in some of your other products?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Most of the other product categories, the inventories haven't gotten to the same level for the industry as the carpet has. We think carpet is approaching more normalized levels. The other ones are not quite there yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Truman Patterson from Wolfe Research.
Truman Patterson: First, from an enterprise level, you all had really good cost control on the SG&A line, really nice leverage there. I'm hoping that you can elaborate on some of the internal initiatives that were driving that leverage and also just the potential sustainability going forward as we move through the year.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let me start and I'll let Jim fill in where I miss. Going into the year, we knew that there's a potential for the industry and volumes to change. So we went into the year trying to optimize the SG&A spend. We have good controls everywhere. We are still investing in new products, but we're trying to control the costs and spending and make sure that we're putting it in the right places. And just good controls through the business. We think that the other side of it is, the top line is growing because of material and energy inflation. And we don't have to, the SG&A doesn't have the same, the inflation is there, but it's not as high as the product. So in general, with that, you're going to have a lower SG&A cost as the two inflate at different rates.
James Brunk: Truman, the focus really is on the sales, the marketing, the product side to try to advantage us as we move forward. We keep very strict controls certainly on the administrative side. We'll continue to see that trend continue. We'll gain leverage against the sales increase. And we expect the year-over-year percentage of sales to be lower versus last year.
Truman Patterson: Okay. And Jeff, if I heard you correctly, it sounds like you all are able to lever the pricing revenue growth a bit more efficiently than volumes. Is that a good way to think of it?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think so.
James Brunk: Yes. Yes. So as you're now growing it all the way to the top line, you're doing it more in line with volume.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Just one other piece is, too, with all the inflation, it's hard to get the normal margin on top of the inflation. So you have in reverse of that same trend, you're not getting all of the normal margin on the material and energy inflation.
Truman Patterson: Understood. Okay. And then I'm hoping you all can discuss the price/cost in your European ceramics business. Previously, you had discussed some of your competitors being hedged and it was going to take some time for pricing to flow through, but now we've had European nat gas take another step higher. Just hoping to understand, are you getting that incremental traction on pricing in the region? Is it offsetting the spike in the European natural gas?
William Wellborn: Well, I'll just comment. The team over there is taking extraordinary steps to adapt to this inflationary environment. The sales and margins in the quarter were higher than we anticipated. The net impact of energy was $26 million, and we had anticipated it to be worse at $40 million to $45 million. So I would say we've done a really good job in implementing those price increases.
James Brunk: Yes. And Truman, if you think about what we said before is that from Q1 to Q2, we expect some improvement in that net impact, energy versus price mix. Q3, again, should be closer to kind of parity and then Q4 to be cost advantage. Now everything has risen so we had to do more pricing because, to your point, the energy cost has increased. So everything has increased, but the story is really the same in terms of our outlook.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Lovallo from UBS.
John Lovallo: The first one is just on Russia again. Given some of the sanctions that are in place, are you having trouble getting money in and out of Russia?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We're not moving money in and out of Russia, I don't think.
James Brunk: Russia itself is pretty much self-contained. So basically, their cash flow supports their local business.
John Lovallo: But are you repatriating any of the funds?
James Brunk: No.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Last year, we moved a lot of money from out of Russia because we had generated a lot of cash and we didn't need the cash that we had there. So we took out the cash prior to all of this.
John Lovallo: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the commercial improvement that you're seeing, I think you mentioned some of the end markets. Are you seeing any improvement in office or hospitality, retail, any of those end markets?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Yes. So we are seeing continued improvement in the commercial. It's led by the government, workplace and health care sectors presently. We're starting to see more activity in the areas that still are way behind like travel, hospitality and retail. There's starting to be some more activity in those. Across all the commercial things, there was a lot of projects postponed during COVID, and we see some of those things being initiated. So we see continued improvement as far as we can see presently in the commercial side of.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard: First of all, just a follow-up on the Europe ceramic price/cost situation. Six months ago, you had talked about the rise of natural gas and some competitors were hedged and maybe in a better position than you and an expectation that nat gas would improve in the first half of '22. And it seems what's played out is nat gas has stayed difficult and you've done materially better than you thought 6 months ago when all this started. And I would just love a little more detail. I appreciate the team has obviously executed well, but what's turned out so much different and incrementally better than what you had anticipated 6 months ago?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let's see. The marketplace has increased prices more. I keep connecting it to the Ukrainian clay because we were and are disadvantaged among some competitors, not all, with our gas. And it still exists today. We are advantaged in the clay, which helped us, but the clay also reduced the production, which also made people more aggressive in raising or the marketplace in raising prices. So we were able to capture more price than we thought. And in addition to that, we were able to push our mix up at the same time because the lowest margin products we have had the most percent of cost increase. So we pushed more into the better quality products, all of which gave us different results than we had expected.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. On the customer side, if we could start there and then pan across the rest of the business. The performance in the quarter looks like it was really upside in price and then great execution. But from a consumer demand standpoint, I appreciate the comparisons are more difficult in the first half, but from a consumer demand standpoint, can you stay in that area in the Europe tile and talk about consumer demand and how that's changing? I appreciate what you're doing on your side, but how consumer demand is trending and then how consumer demand is elsewhere? And does that translate into volume growth year-over-year in the coming quarters?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I hope you can appreciate that with, just take Europe, the amount of price increase we've put through, the announcement of other price increases, it's really difficult for us to tell what is going through to the customer and what is changing in their inventories, which is why we said there was a possibility that they pulled forward some of their purchases. We can't tell the difference between the inventories in the channel and the customer purchases.
William Wellborn: I think the other thing is that the inventories have been low in the channel. So you saw customers going in to fill in those inventories.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. Okay. And then more broadly outside of Europe in terms of, I guess, just North America specifically, what you're seeing with consumer demand trends and then conviction that, that flows through to volume growth for you through the year.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We have the same thesis you do. The housing is still running at high levels. The flooring is the last thing to go into it. Typically, it takes anywhere from 6 to 18 months to build the house. So we're still seeing good demand in the housing piece. The existing home sales do influence, as we talked earlier about, the change in replacement. But again, like we said, it goes in phases. So we still see the demand coming from existing homes over the last 2 years, which have been really high, continuing. And then the commercial part of the business is on an upswing, and we don't see anything stopping yet at the moment.
Operator: This concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing comments.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We are confident that we are taking the right steps to manage the short term and that we're in a good position for the long term. We're investing to maximize our business and cover the constrained areas and expand the growing product categories, and we think we're in good shape. We appreciate you joining us and thank you for participating.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you, everyone, for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-11 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Laurie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Fourth Quarter 2021 Conference Call. At this time, all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, February 11, 2022. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. James Brunk. Mr. Brunk, you may begin your conference.
James Brunk: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Joining me on today's call are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we'll update you on the company's fourth quarter and full year results. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for his opening remarks. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Jim. For the full year, Mohawk's business improved significantly. In 2021, net sales grew more than 17% as reported versus the prior year to $11.2 billion and our operating margins rose dramatically to approximately 12%. Our 2021 adjusted operating income approached $1.4 billion with adjusted EBITDA exceeding $1.9 billion. In addition, versus our 2019 prepandemic results, we also achieved 12% organic sales growth and improved our adjusted margins by 270 basis points. We ended the year with a historically strong balance sheet. And during the fourth quarter, we purchased approximately 2.4 million additional shares of stock for a total of approximately 4.9 million shares purchased during the full year. In February, the Board of Directors approved an additional authorization for share repurchases of $500 million based on our confidence in the company's strength and to enhance shareholder return. All of our segments performed well and responded effectively to the complexities that occurred during the year. Throughout '21, our regions benefited from strong housing markets supported by rising home prices, favorable interest rates and accelerated home purchases by millennial. Changing lifestyles encourage shift from rental to owned property, movement to larger homes and remodeling upgrades to adapt to work and school at home. Among home improvement projects, new flooring is one of the most frequent upgrades. All of our product categories have benefited from this trend which is projected to continue throughout 2022. The commercial sector continued it's improvement over the prior year but has not yet reached prepandemic levels. While we thought COVID would be behind us in 2021, the pandemic continued to impact our markets to varying degrees throughout the year. Surges in some countries kept people voluntarily at home and government restrictions in other regions temporarily hindered our operations and customers. We continue to maintain precautions in our facilities to mitigate risk to our employees. Moving forward, we will benefit from bolt-on acquisitions we completed in '21. These include an MDF manufacture in France and an Irish installation company which will be accretive to earnings in 2022. When integrated, they will enhance our present operations, expand our markets and reduce our costs. Our performance in 2021 illustrated the fundamental strength of our business as we maximize our results and strong market conditions, as well as those where the pandemic impacted our industry. We delivered product innovation around the world, leveraged our logistics strength as a competitive advantage and executed multiple price increases, to pass through material, energy and transportation inflation across all products and geographies. We managed labor shortages with enhanced training, process improvements and strategic automation, where possible. We creatively addressed material supply shortages through product reengineering, SKU rationalization and improved production planning. The negative impact from inflation, supply chain disruptions and labor shortages, along with a stronger U.S. dollar, increased as the year progressed. Sales in the fourth quarter remained strong, rising 4.5% as reported or approximately 12% on a constant currency and days basis to approximately $2.8 billion. With a return to more normal seasonality for the industry and 6% fewer days in the period compared to the prior year. Our adjusted EPS for the quarter was $2.95 per share with benefits from price mix and productivity, offset by increased inflation and lower volume from fewer days in the period. As raw material, energy and other costs continue to rise, we implemented price increases in most products during the quarter. European natural gas prices have been the most volatile, substantially increasing our energy costs as well as material costs and we have raised our selling prices significantly. We ran our operations at high levels through the end of the year in an effort to improve inventory through staffing, material supply and transportation challenges impacted our costs. Outside the U.S., government restrictions on business operations in some regions lowered retail sales during the quarter. Commercial sales improved in the quarter even with some deferral of projects due to COVID and government actions. During the fourth quarter, we released our annual environmental sustainability and governance report. The report showcases how Mohawk is fostering innovative products that lay the foundation for healthier, more inspiring spaces where people live and work. We also highlight how we are maintaining a safe, respectful workplace, reducing and repurposing waste and conserving natural resources. The entire document is available on our website. Jim will now review our fourth quarter and full year financials.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. Sales for the quarter were just shy of $2.8 billion. That's a 4.5% increase as reported or 11.8% on a constant days and FX basis, setting a new fourth quarter record. Year-over-year, growth was driven by price/mix initiatives across the business to attack rising costs, partially offset by the fewer shipping days and a more normal seasonality. For the full year, Mohawk also set sales record on a consolidated basis and in each segment, with total sales of $11.2 billion, a 17% increase versus prior year as reported. Gross margin for the quarter was 26.7% as reported or 26.8% excluding charges, decreasing from 28.8% in the prior year. The year-over-year decrease was primarily driven by inflation of $257 million, lower volume of $49 million with fewer shipping days and a more normal seasonality, partially offset by improved price/mix of $242 million and productivity gains of $40 million. SG&A as reported was 17.5%. On an absolute dollar basis, the increase versus prior year is a result of a return to a more normal selling and marketing activity compared to the prior year of $19 million, inflation of $7 million, unfavorable impact of price/mix and volume of $5 million, partially offset by a net FX gain of $5 million. Operating income as reported was a margin of 9.2% and excluding charges 9.4% compared to 11.6% in the prior year. The year-over-year decrease was driven by inflation of $264 million, especially in raw material and energy, unfavorable volume of $51 million primarily due to the fewer shipping days, partially offset by strong price/mix actions of $240 million, productivity gains of $21 million and a net FX gain of $8 million. On a full year basis, adjusted operating margin of 12.1% significantly increased, exceeding prior year by 370 basis points and 2019 by 270 basis points driven by strong volume, productivity and price/mix actions, offsetting increase inflation. Interest expense for the quarter was $12 million, down slightly from prior year. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 18.9% versus 14.8% in the prior year which was favorably impacted by the CARES Act. We expect 2022's tax rate to be between 22% and 23% with quarterly variations. Our EPS as reported was $2.80 and on an adjusted basis was $2.95, a decrease of 17% primarily due to the volume effect of fewer shipping days and the pace of inflation, especially in Europe. On a full year basis, EPS of $14.86 was an all-time record, increasing 68% versus prior year and 48% versus 2019's prepandemic level. Now turning to the segments. Global Ceramic had sales of $950 million for the quarter, a 3.2% increase as reported or 9.8% on a constant FX and days basis. The year-over-year sales growth is driven by pricing actions with Brazil, Europe, Mexico and our U.S. countertop business showing the strongest growth. Operating margins excluding charges was 6.4% compared to 9.5% in the prior year. The segment has been impacted by the ongoing energy crisis in Europe with total inflation increasing by $87 million versus prior year as well as the fewer shipping days driving lower volume of $13 million, partially offset by strong price/mix actions of $65 million, favorable productivity of $7 million and net FX gain of $2 million. Flooring North America had sales of just over $1 billion. That's a 5.4% increase as reported or 12.2% on a constant basis. With the resilient and laminate product categories having the strongest results, along with our commercial business which continues to show improvement. Operating margin excluding charges was 9.1% as compared to 9.5% in the prior year. The year-over-year margin decrease was driven by inflation of $88 million primarily due to raw materials, offset by continued price/mix actions of $85 million; a decrease in volume primarily due to fewer shipping days of $20 million, offset by increased productivity initiatives of $22 million; and less temporary shutdowns of $4 million. And finally, Flooring Rest of the World had sales of $796 million. That's a 4.9% increase as reported or 13.9% on a constant days and FX basis, with the strongest growth in our panels and insulation business as LVT and laminate were negatively impacted by supply and labor constraints. Operating margins excluding charges came in at 14.8% as compared to 18.2% in the prior year. The year-over-year margin decrease is due to unfavorable volume of $18 million driven by fewer shipping days and labor and material constraints which also negatively impacted productivity by $8 million. In addition, we have seen escalating inflation of $89 million in the fourth quarter but were able to offset with price/mix actions of $90 million. Lastly, there was a slight increase in start-up costs of $2 million offset by net FX gains of $6 million. In the fourth quarter, our corporate and eliminations were $12 million, in line with the prior year. Turning to the balance sheet; cash and short-term investments were $592 million. Now due to the increase in inventory and the timing of CapEx, we recorded a use of cash in the quarter of $89 million but had a strong full year free cash flow of $633 million. Receivables ended the year at just over $1.8 billion and DSOs were very strong at 56 days as compared to 59 in the prior year. Inventories were just shy of $2.4 billion. That's an increase of approximately $479 million or 25% from the prior year due primarily to increasing inflation. Inventory days finished at 112 days versus 103 in the prior year. Property, plant and equipment was just over $4.6 billion. Now based on the timing of our new projects, CapEx for the quarter was $301 million with D&A of $143 million. For the full year, CapEx came in at $676 million and D&A at $592 million. For 2022, we are forecasting CapEx to be approximately $800 million and D&A to be approximately $600 million. Now overall, the balance sheet and ongoing cash flow remained very strong with gross debt of just over $2.3 billion and a leverage at 0.9x to adjusted EBITDA. And with that, I will turn it over to Chris to review our operations.
Chris Wellborn: Thank you, Jim. For the quarter, our Flooring Rest of the World segment sales increased 5% as reported or approximately 14% on a constant days and currency basis. Adjusted operating margin was 14.8% as a result of pricing and mix gains offset by inflation and lower volume due to fewer shipping days and supply chain interruptions during the quarter. Sales were strong in the quarter as demand for our residential products maintained it's momentum even with delays in shipments due to transportation constraints. Beginning in the third quarter, our material costs began escalating at an unpredictable pace as many suppliers utilize natural gas in their manufacturing process. Based on our cost estimates, we raised prices on our product lines in the fourth quarter and again in the beginning of this year. Despite multiple pricing actions, we are still lagging inflation because of these increases. We have announced further price increases based on current costs and it will take time for our actions to offset these extraordinary circumstances. We will continue to monitor closely and we'll take further actions as required. During the quarter, our premium laminate collections continued to perform well in Europe and Russia due to our unique visuals and water-resistant technologies. Though we expected improved material availability for our LVT business, we continue to experience shortages which impacted our production and sales in the quarter. We are continuing to enhance our LVT processes, particularly in our higher-value rigid collections. As we expand our customer base and product offering, we are growing our sheet vinyl sales in Russia and Europe. We installed a new production line for high-pressure laminate which is sold as a complementary product to our panels and is used on surfaces that require higher performance levels such as furniture cabinetry and wall treatments. We are enhancing our panel visuals with new technologies from our laminate flooring. Our mezzanine flooring business also grew significantly in the period as demand for e-commerce warehouses space expanded. Throughout 2022, we will integrate the bolt-on acquisitions we completed last year to expand our position and further differentiate Mohawk from our competition. Our new French MDF facility will complement our existing operations, enhance our product offering and strengthen our regional position. The purchase of an insulation manufacturer with plants in Ireland and the U.K., complements our existing operations in those countries and will increase our share in the polyurethane insulation category. The purchase of a wood veneer producer to be finalized in the first quarter will improve the cost and quality of our engineered wood floors and make our operations more sustainable. To enhance these operations, we will upgrade their assets and refine their processes. Our Rest of the World segment has a proven foundation for growth based on delivering product innovation through value-added features that consumers prefer. The unique style and performance of our premium laminate has made us the market leader. Our waterproof laminate collections are popular across all sales channels and we have seen growing demand as home renovation has increased during the pandemic. To maximize our premium laminate sales, we expanded our press capacity last year. We are executing our next laminate expansion in Belgium which will support additional sales of approximately $150 million when the production is fully operational at the end of 2023. In the fourth quarter, our Global Ceramic segment sales increased 3% as reported and 10% on a constant days and currency basis. Adjusted operating margin was 6% as a result of productivity and pricing and mix improvements, offset by European energy crisis, inflation and a return to more normal seasonality. Mexico, Brazil and Russia outperformed in the period even though sales in those regions were constrained by capacity limitations. Our U.S. ceramic products are gaining momentum as imported ceramic service levels have become less reliable and landed costs have increased. Residential remodeling and new construction drove sales growth in the quarter with commercial improving though still below prepandemic levels. We grew sales and improved mix with our innovative floor, wall and mosaic offerings as well as expanding our position in exterior products such as our outdoor porcelain papers. We have introduced a variety of new sizes and unique shapes and expanded our polished and rectify collections with enhanced performance features. Our quartz and porcelain slab sales continue to grow, improving our mix and margins. Inflation in material, labor and energy, continue to impact all of our markets and we are taking additional pricing actions to recover. Last year, in Europe, natural gas prices accelerated at an unprecedented pace due to supply shortages and are presently about 5x to 6x higher than last year. Most European ceramic industry participants are implementing price increases to offset these extraordinarily high energy costs. We anticipate our prices aligning in the second half of the year. Due to uncertain availability this winter, we are forecasting continued energy volatility which will impact our first quarter results. Future prices will depend on stability in the region and whether Russia increases supplies beyond it's contractual obligations. Mohawk is the world's largest producer of ceramic tile and we have many opportunities to leverage that position and grow our long-term sales and profits. We are well positioned for significant growth in markets such as Russia, Brazil and Mexico, where ceramic tile is the dominant residential and commercial flooring. In Russia, we are expanding our porcelain tile capacity with a new production line that should be operational later this year and an additional line that will be completed in 2023. In Brazil, we are constructing a new porcelain tile facility that should be operating fully by the end of next year. In Mexico, we are expanding our production of mosaics and specialty products while allocating more of our ceramic production to the local market. In Europe, we're adding capacity to expand our porcelain slab business and enhance our successful outdoor and specialty tile business. In the U.S., we are investing in our quartz countertop production to keep pace with rapidly increasing demand. Collectively, these expansions will support additional sales of approximately $300 million, when all of the lines are fully operational. This year is the 20th anniversary of Mohawk's entry into ceramic tile manufacturing through the acquisition of Daltile. In the past two decades, we have grown our legacy sales and expanded into new markets through major acquisitions. Ceramic tile is the primary flooring in many large markets where industry consolidation has not yet taken place, providing significant opportunities for expansion. In the quarter, our Flooring North America segment sales increased 5% as reported or 12% on a constant basis and operating margin was 9% as a result of productivity, pricing and mix improvements, partially offset by inflation and a return to normal seasonality. The robust U.S. housing market supported sales growth with both remodeling and new construction remaining strong, particularly in the Sun Belt. The success of our differentiated products benefited our mix, though some consumers traded down to maintain their budgets. The commercial sector continued to slowly improve, with COVID concerns still deferring some projects. In the period, we increased prices due to higher energy and material inflation. We improved our service levels, though our production costs increased with greater energy expenses, absenteeism and training of new hires. Some product manufacturing was constrained by raw material shortages, limiting operations and increasing costs. We are expanding our manufacturing capacity in LVT, laminate, commercial, carpet tile and floor mats, to increase our sales. We expect continued improvement in the residential markets for the foreseeable future. Commercial will continue to recover as business confidence grows and new projects are initiated. Mohawk is the leader in U.S. laminate market and we have reinvigorated the product category with improved visuals and waterproof performance. All sales channels are expanding the use of our premium laminate and we are increasing our capacity to support $300 million of additional sales. The first expansion phase is starting up this quarter with the second phase following in 2023. The new production lines will have capabilities to produce the next generation of proprietary laminate to extend our leadership in the category. LVT remains the fastest-growing floor product in the market and our LVT business delivered strong growth in the fourth quarter as we continue to improve production at our existing facility. We are starting up a new LVT operation to support sales of over $160 million. The plant's first equipment is being installed now and the project will be completed in phases through the second half of 2023. Once all planned lines are fully operational, the site can be expanded further as needed. To provide more value to our customers, we are incorporating unique technical features utilizing proprietary technology developed for our laminate business. In addition to these capacity increases, we also have many cost-saving investments, including fiber manufacturing and transportation projects that will improve productivity and profitability within the segment. With that, I'll return the call to Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. After a record-setting 2021, we're enthusiastic about Mohawk's future growth and profitability. This year, GDP is expected to grow 3% to 5% in most of our markets with residential sales remaining strong and commercial improvement. Interest rates will likely to rise but should remain historically favorable and support continued home sales and remodeling. During the year, we anticipate inflation moderating and constraints in labor, material and energy, declining. We're selling all of our capacity in many product categories and are optimizing our mix and margins this year. We've initiated multiple expansion projects to increase our sales in this growing area this year and beyond. Significantly -- significant short-term material, energy and transportation inflation is affecting all of our businesses and we are reengineering formulations, reducing spending and improving efficiencies to offset. We're presently implementing price increases, have announced additional ones across products and geography. We will continue to adjust our pricing as necessary to recover our margins over time. In Europe, energy costs have dramatically accelerated and have also affected the cost of our materials. Our European ceramic business has been the most impacted which we anticipate will create a $40 million to $45 million headwind net of price increases in the first quarter. Given these factors, we anticipate our first quarter adjusted EPS to be $2.90 to $3, excluding any restructuring charges. In the second half, we expect our margins to improve as capacity expands, inflation moderates and pricing aligns. Based on the strength of our company, our product and geographic diversity, investments in growing categories and potential acquisitions, our long-range outlook is for higher sales growth and margin expansion. Flooring is an essential part of new construction remodeling and as the world's largest flooring manufacturer, Mohawk has built leading positions in major flooring markets around the globe. We expect our business to benefit from strong demand through this economic cycle. Given today's low inventory of existing homes, new residential construction and remodeling should remain strong for many years. Mohawk's sustainable products appeal to today's environmentally conscious end users which gives us an added advantage in our markets and enhances our bottom line. In time, we expect the commercial sector to return to it's historical growth, with pent-up demand representing a significant opportunity. In addition to expanding capacity, we continue to invest in our organization's talent and state-of-the-art technology to deliver exceptional design, value and service to our customers. Over the next three years, we anticipate higher sales and margins as we implement our product, manufacturing and marketing initiatives. We will continue to leverage our strong balance sheet to pursue acquisitions that further our geographic reach and product offering while growing our sales and profitability. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Truman Patterson of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
TrumanPatterson: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I just wanted to look at this first quarter EPS guidance. A, just trying to understand if a higher tax rate is embedded in it compared to the fourth quarter. And then also, when I look at the 1Q guide, historically, op margins consolidated normally fall about 200 basis points quarter-over-quarter. Is it safe to assume that you're expecting kind of first quarter op margins to outperform that historical decline? And are there any segments maybe to call out when we look at it sequentially?
James Brunk: Okay. Well, I'll take the first part of that. On the tax rate, Truman, as I said, for the full year, looking at 22% to 23%, I would expect it to be maybe a little bit lower than the bottom of the bed in the first quarter. And then as I said, it's going to vary as we go through the year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think also the difference in days in the fourth quarter is also impacting the comparison between the two abnormally. And then we also have -- last year, you have, as we were going out of last year, it was seasonally stronger than it is. This year, it's more normal. And same thing in the first part of the year, the customers were behind in their purchases and inventory levels and the channels were behind, so the demand was different. So there's a lot of differences in the seasonality between the two.
Truman Patterson: Okay. In the press release and the prepared comments, you all have discussed some cost-saving initiatives in North America, especially the fiber manufacturing and transportation projects. I'm hoping, can you give a little more detail on each of those initiatives? And is there any way you can help us quantify those over the long term?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Some of it is in the asset purchases we've done with the investments. We upgraded various assets in the fiber and yarn manufacturing to put in lower-cost assets based on how the business has changed over the years. Some of it is in the transportation. We have put in new processes and systems to trying to optimize the transportation systems which were getting higher weights on the trucks. And we are improving the way we charge for the business or charge for the transportation relative to the market rates as we go through. So they're all benefiting the business.
James Brunk: Some of it also, Truman, is the completion of the actions that we started back in 2020, where we had got out of older assets and optimized the plant flow which eliminate -- it's going to help on the material side and the labor side on a productivity basis.
Truman Patterson: All right. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard of Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
EricBosshard: Thanks. Jeff, curious if you could talk about where you think we are in the life cycle of LVT. And thinking over the last five years, that LVT was all of the industry growth for a period of time and felt like it was taking share from ceramic tile, it actually was. And laminate was doing okay. I'm just curious as you think about over the next three or four years how those three categories are behaving relative to each other, I guess, largely in the U.S. but also globally.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In the U.S., LVT has now grown to approximately 20% of the flooring category. With that, the size has gotten where it is. The rate of growth is going to slow down. We think that the other categories are going to still show volume growth, so we don't believe it's going to take all of the growth going forward as you go through. There's been a change in the laminate business where it was perceived as a cheap alternative. And with all the advances we've made in it, it's now being seen as an equal opportunity to -- versus both LVT and wood. Because on one side, we've added the waterproof technology; on the other side, we've made it visually as pretty as real wood and can't tell the difference on the floor. So it's in a midst of a changing piece and we're investing to support it. When you go to Europe, Europe laminate is a much larger part of the industry than it is in the U.S. And it's not growing at the same level. On the other hand, our premium is. LVT as a category is probably less than half the size it is in the United States as the market hasn't accepted it at the same rate as the U.S. has.
Eric Bosshard: Okay, that's helpful. And then one follow-up, if I could. The competitive position of your U.S. business, you referenced it in the prepared remarks. But as you look at your cost position, I guess this is a hard surface-focused question but your cost position relative to imports and the incremental transportation costs they're dealing with. I'm just curious how you think that influences the performance of the business over the next couple of years and what that means for you.
Chris Wellborn: If I can comment on the -- in the ceramic side, the -- as the ceramic industry strengthened, the import prices have increased. The ocean freight constraints are causing delays and increasing cost. So I think we're well positioned on the ceramic side in the United States to take additional share.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And the other piece is I think we're in good position. The LVT, we're still in the original plant. We're still improving the costs. In the fourth quarter of last year, the costs were actually impacted by a lack of supply and we had to slow down on machines in order just to keep the plant running. We expect the productivity and the cost to continue to improve. We're investing in a new plant which we think will be cost-advantaged versus imports. And we think we're in a good position to grow with the market. We're also importing a lot of products; so it's not in lieu of the other.
Eric Bosshard: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Adam Baumgarten of Zelman. Your line is open.
AdamBaumgarten: Hey, good morning, everyone. I guess maybe sticking with Flooring North America. When you talk about trade down in the segment, is that primarily related to carpet? Or are you seeing it also in some of the other areas like LVT?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Every time you go through significant inflation in the industry, some of the consumers start looking to hold the value of what they're going to spend or the prices. And so it's a normal course of events. And as you see significant inflation, there's some trading down in all the categories.
Adam Baumgarten: Got it. And then maybe switching gears to ceramic. You talked about the net headwind from the European natural gas cost increases. Is that net of all price in the segment? Or is that just net of European ceramic pricing?
James Brunk: That's net of European ceramic pricing.
Adam Baumgarten: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
SusanMaklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Sticking, I guess, again, with Flooring North America, I want to focus a little bit more on the margin side. You obviously are coming off a year where you've gotten that margin back to the low double-digit range. As you think about the initiatives that are going on in that segment, can you talk about where you think that, that can go over time, what the trajectory of it is? And how does that maybe compare to where we've been in the past in that segment from a profitability perspective?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The margins in the business have come back. They're still below where they were at the peak a few years ago. There has been -- in the carpet industry, there's been a trading down to polyester at lower prices and different pieces. So those margins will probably not get back to the peaks they were at. On the other hand, we have investments in LVT and laminate that those margins, we think, have room to grow as we improve the mix and put more investments in as we go through. Impacting the whole thing in all categories, you have also the commercial sales are still behind the prepandemic levels. Our estimates depends on which product category and which channel. They could be 10% to 20% below the prepandemic levels and those are higher-margin products and sales. So as those come back, those are going to improve the margins also.
Susan Maklari: Okay, that's helpful color. And then when you think about all the initiatives that you have going on globally across the business, can you talk about how we should think of growth going forward over time, the ability to sort of capture what is going on out there? And where do you think growth will really be led from within this business in terms of products or even geographies? And what are some of the areas that you're really thinking about and looking to incrementally further capture?
Jeff Lorberbaum: What's happened to us is that, as the business went through COVID, we pulled back on all the investments in the various categories. And then when we came out of it, we found that many of the categories have grown in one year what we had expected in multiple years. So you see us trying to catch up with the investments that we're putting in. We're investing about $800 million this year which will add roughly about $800 million worth of sales which is all going in this year and next year in the high-growth categories. The other categories of the business still have additional capacities to support increased sales going into the next year or two. We think we're taking the right steps to optimize the business. One is, we don't -- we probably don't get enough credit for is the portfolio of the products that we have. We manufacture in five different continents. In the different markets, we have the leading brands and market positions. We sell them into over 170 different countries. And so with this, with a strong balance sheet you have, you see us investing heavily to reduce our costs and broaden our product offering. We believe there are going to be more acquisition opportunities. We're talking to several at the moment. We'll have to see how they evolve. We think there's more going to come into the marketplace over the next year or two. We're well positioned with our balance sheet to take advantage of those. You hear us continuing to invest in leading technologies to give us differentiation to improve the margins. And then with all that, we see the -- we think we're probably in the mid-cycle part of it. Usually, the economy and the industry, keep growing as we start raising rates at this point. The residential markets are running at high rates and what normally have when you get towards the cycle that -- we've overbuilt the residential housing. This time, we're still chasing it. So it seems like there's plenty of room to grow. We've talked about the commercial improving. So we think we're in the right position for higher growth and margin expansion over the next few years.
Susan Maklari: That's great color. Thank you, Jeff. And good luck with everything.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mike Dahl: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to follow up on a couple of areas. The first is on kind of the European ceramic and the nat gas environment. In the opening remarks, in addition to the headwinds that you outlined in terms of the $40 million to $45 million, I think you did say that at this point, most competitors are raising prices to adjust. Can you elaborate a little more? Because last quarter, it was that some of your competitors were hedged so they weren't acting as quickly. Can you talk more about what you're seeing in terms of the competitive dynamics and the pricing environment and whether competition is raising price enough at this point?
Chris Wellborn: Well, everybody in the market is raising prices, including us. You're right, some are hedged and that's probably causing them to raise prices a little less fast than they need to be but everybody is raising prices. We expect the energy volatility through the winter due to lower European reserves and uncertain availability. But the short term, the headwind should peak in Q1 and then progressively get better after that for a couple of reasons. One is you've got -- you're getting into the summer months where gas is naturally cheaper. And you're also -- as we look at the forward contracts, they are lower than what we're experiencing now.
Mike Dahl: Got it. Okay. And my second question, it's around market share. And going back to North America, you've made some comments around how you've positioned your product. And I think you're in a position to take share in a variety of categories. If I look at the fourth quarter data and I adjust for your days headwind, it still seems like from a total value and a volume standpoint -- and correct me I'm wrong but it seems like volume was kind of flattish on a days-adjusted basis, maybe up slightly or down slightly. But the market industry data would still seem to suggest that industry growth in volumes has been, call it, high single digits and in value, maybe closer to 20%. So that data would seem to suggest maybe still some share slippage. So can you just speak to that and talk about how you think your share performance evolved kind of through the quarter and what your expectations are for this year?
James Brunk: Let me unbundle a little bit of what you said there, Mike. So first of all, in the fourth quarter, you're right, as we look across the segments, I would say the volume piece, adjusting for days and everything else, the business volume was relatively flat to slightly down. And if you think about that, that makes sense compared to fourth quarter of 2020, when you had unusual demand levels and so really abnormal seasonality. So that kind of straightened itself out in the fourth quarter. Also, in the fourth quarter of this year, we had the material and labor constraints which impacted not only our production but our sales in various product categories. So that definitely impacted that volume.
Chris Wellborn: Yes. The other thing I would add that -- when you look at the data on the ceramic market, it's really hard to read because you've got the imports coming in. And the volume, the way they're measuring that is the imports coming into the country which we think most of the competitors were building inventory during that time. But when we go out and look at the customers we're getting and the progress we're making in the marketplace, we think we're doing really well.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The industry data on the carpet shows the carpet industry was down in units. And again, we think it's because of the seasonality differences between the two. On the other side, we are probably indexed higher on the commercial business which is still 10% to 20% below where it was before the prepandemic pieces. We also have a lower percentage of the LVT but we're growing our business there.
Mike Dahl: Okay. All of that makes sense. Thank you for that color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
MichaelRehaut: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. A few clarification questions before I get into, I guess, a bigger-picture question. If you could just kind of be more explicit, just to make sure we understand. Number one, the second half margin improvement that you're talking about in '22, we're talking about year-over-year expansion when you say improvement. And also, the net of price impact in the European ceramic of $40 million to $45 million. That $40 million to $45 million is kind of the same number that you were referring to last quarter, when you were saying off of the $25 million headwind in 4Q, that could approach doubling. I mean we're not changing the definition of the of that $40 million to $45 million relative to last quarter. I just want to make sure that those -- that's clear.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let me start with the ceramic piece. The ceramic piece, the number's still the same. However, we're getting there a little different. The -- we're actually going to get more price than we thought. On the other hand, the gas prices were actually higher, so they net back down to about the same thing. But both are different.
James Brunk: But the definition is the same, Mike. So we didn't -- the $25 million compared to the $40 million to $45 million, the definition is the same.
Chris Wellborn: Mike, what happened in the -- as we produced in the fourth quarter, the -- you may have seen the gas prices. But in some cases, they spiked to 170, 200 which is very high. And of course, that -- as that inventory rolls off in the first quarter, you see that impact.
Jeff Lorberbaum: As we think about the year, we're starting from the premise that the present trends, the economy, housing and business investments, are going to continue as we all expect and all the projections from everybody. And what we see is our margins after the first quarter should improve as the price and costs get aligned better and continue throughout the rest of the year. And don't forget, when we get into the fourth quarter, we have -- we shouldn't have the same energy headwinds that we had last year.
Michael Rehaut: So just to be clear, again, when you talk about second half margins improving, again, we're talking about on a -- maybe on a consolidated basis, second half margins higher than second half '21? Is that fair to say?
James Brunk: Yes. When we're looking at that sentence, that we're saying is that year-over-year. And now I would say really, it depends upon how inflection plays out in the first half as well and then the economic trends continuing as most expect in the second half. But that is what we're addressing.
Michael Rehaut: Right. Okay, good. Secondly, you talked about also in the press release this outlook for 3% to 5% GDP growth across most of your markets. Usually, companies have a goal of at least meeting that GDP growth. So when you think about your full year sales growth for 2022, particularly given the price increases that you've put into place in the back half of '21 and in early '22, should we be expecting a revenue growth kind of in the mid-single-digit range mostly driven by price? Is that the right way to think about it? And also, sorry, one more granular question. If there's any variation in shipping days by quarter for '22 versus '21, that would also be helpful for modeling.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's see. Let's start out with the -- you're correct that you have -- the increase in the inflation is going to increase the piece in the volume assumptions you have seem reasonable, is it? Just to put in at the comparisons will be more difficult in the first half as the customers last year were replenishing inventories. And we don't see -- we'll see the same thing. We'll be back at a more normal seasonality this year. And then also in the first half, you'll see a bigger impact from price increases in the first half than you will in a second. As we go into the second half, we think we'll see some stronger volume growth due to better inventories on our part so we can service the business better as well as a lower impact from pricing. One more thing just to not forget, at least the estimates by everybody show that this year, the dollar is expected to be stronger than last year and a stronger dollar is going to -- would have a reduction in our translated results.
James Brunk: And in terms of days, Mike, there's one less day in the first quarter and the other three are the same.
Michael Rehaut: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Phil Ng from Jefferies. Your line is open.
PhilNg: Hey guys. You mentioned that supply chain labor impacted your results in the fourth quarter and certainly, that was very pronounced in your Rest of the World business. So curious, how is that kind of shaping up in 1Q. Should you expect that to kind of improve or it's going to take a little more time, call it, a 2Q event?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're still having problems with supply. We're still having problems with labor and it's still impacting our business. Probably the bigger part of it is in our LVT business, both in the U.S. and Europe. For instance, we're running lines at lower speeds to keep them running instead of stopping and starting them. We have other suppliers and pieces that have -- we've had to stop the plants. And then with COVID, we've had people not showing up for work and just having to shut the places down and/or having to run places different. In most areas, we're seeing some improvements but we'll have to see how it works.
Phil Ng: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. So marginally better. It's going to take a little time. And then from a capital project standpoint, you got a lot of exciting new stuff coming on, whether it's LVT, ceramics and your laminate product as well. Can you remind us how that kind of ramps up through the year? And then appreciating there are start-up costs and there's a learning curve component to that, is there a good way to think about the EBITDA contribution this year? I know a few years back when you had a big ramp up, you had some headwinds to kind of come out of the gate.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think if you go back to the introductory remarks, we tried to put what points in time they would come in because some of them are in the middle of next year and some of them are this year. They're all through it. If you go through that, I think you get a sense of the timing of it. Our current expansion projects, different than the earlier time we did it, are in markets and products that we already have in the marketplace with increasing sales. The last time we went into new products and new markets that we had to start at 0 and there was significant marketing costs upfront. This time, the investments are focused on our existing laminate business in the U.S. and Europe, ceramic outside the U.S. where the markets are sold up and -- where we sold up. We're expanding our countertop business in the U.S. and Europe in our LVT business. So the markets are there for where they are which should reduce the impact of selling up the assets as we start them up. And then the same thing, we're using technologies that are proven which we have operating in all the places which has also limit the start-up costs as we get through. In addition, there are other projects on both productivity and efficiencies which should immediately enhance our business.
Phil Ng: Got it. So it's -- Sorry, go ahead, Jim.
James Brunk: I was just going to say timing-wise, if you look -- so we launched the first laminate -- the new laminate line in the fourth quarter. So you'll see some benefit in '22 of that, limited benefit on the LVT launch. But most of the others, echoing what Jeff said, will impact into '23 more so than '22.
Phil Ng: Okay. But you're expecting it to be additive rather than any big headwinds, right? So it's more of a good guide than anything?
James Brunk: Yes.
Phil Ng: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes of Truist. Your line is open.
KeithHughes: Thank you. Question for North America, if we look at the revenue growth, excluding the days, was up a good bit. Compare that to some of the numbers coming out of the carpet industry, even adjusting for days, you seem well ahead. And I know that's about laminates and LVT. Just my question is, could you put a little bit more of a magnitude on how much those products grew in the fourth quarter versus the average in the segment and also for the year as well?
James Brunk: We normally don't get to that level of granularity, Keith. You're right that the -- certainly in that segment, laminate and the resilient business grew more than carpet. And so they really drove the growth along with, I would say, the pricing actions that we put in place really kind of dwarfed anything around volume.
Keith Hughes: Okay. And then, second question on Global -- within Global Ceramic, the North American business. If you could talk about what it's growth looked like versus the segment average and what the puts and takes on that are.
Chris Wellborn: Well, first, on U.S. ceramic, our products are gaining momentum as imported products are less reliable and landed costs have increased. Our pricing actions have offset inflation, keeping margins in line with prior year. We introduced several products at floor, wall and mosaic offerings that were offered this year. And then to improve mix, we've introduced new sizes and shapes. As you look into '22, we believe the U.S. will grow in both volume and price as residential remains strong and commercial strengthens. Brazil, Russia and Mexico will have to optimize mix given their capacity limitations. And we think the EU volume will be under pressure just given natural price increases from natural gas.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
StephenKim: Yes, thanks very much guys. Just wanted to clarify to start off some of the capacity that you talked about bringing on in Flooring North America. The $300 million in laminate capacity, you talked about two phases. I just want to make sure that the $300 million encompasses both phases. And then the LVT plan of $160 million which I think is going to be done over the next 18 to 24 months. I guess my question is, it seems like that line is quite a bit smaller, maybe as much as half the size, maybe half a small or half as large, as your first line. So when you talk about the site being expanded -- able to be expanded as needed, I was curious, how quickly could you bring on additional capacity within that site? And where is that site located?
Chris Wellborn: Okay. Well, first of all, just in terms of the production, the original lines were designed for high-volume long runs and our new production lines are designed for more differentiated products and smaller runs. And you talked about the location. To optimize our U.S. LVT manufacturing, we'll now have both an East Coast and a West Coast operation. This should provide us service, logistics and cost advantage. And this plant will be in Mexico and it's adjacent to one of our other factories.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And then, I think the other questions were around laminate. The laminate, each line does about $150 million each. The first one is in start-up right now and should be operating in the middle of the second quarter close to it's potential. And then the next line will come in, in the middle of next year sometime.
James Brunk: And just to clarify, Steve, what we've said is up to this point, we have -- globally, we have about $1 billion of sales capacity in LVT and that's across five lines. So the $160 million on the new line is not really totally different versus the other lines.
Stephen Kim: Yes. Yes, I know you have a couple of smaller lines in Europe and so forth. Okay. That's helpful. Second question relates specifically to productivity. I mean, as we look at your EBIT block [ph] on the year-over-year growth in EBIT. From productivity specifically, you had a couple of really good years now. I mean it was strong in 2020. It was strong in 2021. I'm curious, with all the moving pieces and particularly like labor inefficiency and absenteeism and whatnot, I would think the productivity could start to become a benefit to your EBIT from other pieces like maybe labor. And so I'm curious, could you -- would you expect another strong year of productivity in 2022? And how might that flow in from a timing or a segment perspective?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, we'll have to find out what happens to supply and to labor around the world in different places. Presently, we're still struggling with the pieces. Our assumptions are that it gets better through the year. But to tell you the truth, we haven't seen it yet, is it? At the same time, all of these new facilities and things we're going to start bringing up show up as some negative productivity offsetting some of the other positive productivity we have during the year.
Stephen Kim: Okay, that's helpful. All right, great. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine of Loop Capital. Your line is open.
LauraChampine: Thanks for taking my question. It's a follow-on to your comments about inflation being lower in the back half. I heard the answer about gas prices in Europe but are there any other elements in your thoughts where you can see or basis -- provides a basis for inflation to be lower back half versus first half this year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: There is significant shortages that have been causing the raw materials to be at historically high prices. We're assuming that some of that lines up this year and some of the pressure from capacity versus demand offsets. And then it depends on what happens with the oil and gas prices around the world.
Laura Champine: Does that imply that your expectations are that units for the industry will be down year-on-year, thus freeing up more capacity? Or do you think there's more capacity coming to market, broadly this year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think that the -- there's more capacity to support some of the product categories that we're in. For instance, in Europe with the high gas prices, our wood prices are up because they're starting to burn wood as an energy source, is it? It's at unusually high levels. We're assuming that some of that starts to balance out next year as the energy prices come down, for instance. There are other places where we're seeing more supply come into the marketplace and we're assuming there's going to be a better balance to it than there was the last six months.
Laura Champine: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley of Barclays. Your line is open.
MatthewBouley: Hey, good afternoon everyone. Thanks for taking the questions here. So just on natural gas in the European ceramic market. I think I heard, Chris, you mentioned earlier that you expect some volume pressure in European ceramic as a result of these level of price increases that you and competitors are implementing. So any more color on the elasticity that you expect there as you lift prices materially? And is there an impact to the mix side of it as well?
Chris Wellborn: I mean, so far, we haven't seen -- our volumes in Europe have still been strong. So we haven't seen it. But we just anticipate with the pricing that's being taken there that it would make sense that it could put pressure on the market. But so far, we haven't seen it.
Matthew Bouley: Right. Okay, that's helpful. And then, I guess, same topic just on the overall European ceramic market. Have you seen any, I guess, changes competitively within the market? That was a great comment you just gave, Jeff, on people burning wood. Are ceramic manufacturers limiting production at all? Or is this impacting exports from Italy or Spain to the U.S.? Are there any other -- anything -- any other way the market is adapting to the severity beyond just the pricing side?
Chris Wellborn: Well, we know some of the -- on one end, you have some of the smaller producers that have cut way back or shut down. And then on the other end of the market, you have some of the bigger players that were hedged. But I would say, in general, the competitors are in the market are trying to cover the cost as much as they can, not to let it impact the market too much. And so it's a balance, as you could expect, of covering inflation and not killing your demand. It's got, too, though, put pressure between the increased gas prices. The increased freight cost, it's got to put pressure on those exports. And that's why we think in the United States, we're going to be in a good position.
Matthew Bouley: Got it. Well, thanks for the color and good luck.
Chris Wellborn: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan of Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
DeepaRaghavan: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I'll switch gears and ask about commercial business trends. Are you able to share how much the business grew in 2021? Looks like you're expecting an acceleration in 2022 but it also appears the hospitality industry recovery has been further pushed out. So essentially, the drivers to your commercial business growth is offices and maybe some institutions like schools, etcetera. Are these the primary drivers that would actually accelerate your growth in 2022? Am I thinking about the moving pieces within the component -- commercial verticals correctly?
Chris Wellborn: Well, I think it also depends on the category. Like in ceramic, hospitality is doing well. Hospitals, schools, it's still not back to prepandemic levels but it's certainly been strengthening.
James Brunk: Yes. It's been really led by the healthcare government area and then the other -- some of the other channels have been slower to respond. But again, we had good strong growth in '21 versus '20. But as Chris said, it's not back to the '19 levels.
Deepa Raghavan: Okay. Just curious on just the interest rate concerns out there with the backdrop. You're still calling for R&Rs. How are you thinking about the R&R spend in the U.S. We were up at the IVS. And obviously, we're looking at some of the ceramic manufacturers, the larger-format stones are in. So obviously, the industry is continuing to invest in product innovation, bringing out new products. It doesn't seem like the interest rate concerns are impacting the industry as such. But any comparisons -- what are your thoughts, first of all, on that? Should we be concerned in any comparisons to 2018? You could help us draw and say, this time, it's different because of certain items.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Where we are with it presently, we're assuming we're in the midpoint of the cycle that you're going to still see unemployment decreasing. You're going to still see incomes rising. We expect the economy to keep growing like it does in the mid-part of the cycle. The mortgage rates are still historically relatively low. And unlike the end of cycles, there's still demand for housing is exceeding the supply and it supporting new construction. You have increased home values that should support continued remodeling as you go through. Typically, on existing home sales, when someone buys a home, it takes multiple -- they don't do all of the remodeling in the first year. It takes multiple years to do it. So you have all of these homes that were sold over the last two years that should continue to get remodeled. And then you still have commercial, that's still below the prepandemic levels and there should be pent-up demand to help it increase. So unless they move the rates up way higher than we expect, we're expecting to continue improving the category.
Deepa Raghavan: That's great. Thanks for the color and good luck.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And there are no further questions on queue. I will turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing comments.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We appreciate you joining us today. We are really optimistic about our long-term performance. We're investing to support growth and margin expansion and we believe that we're in the right spot to optimize our business over the long term. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Abigail, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Mohawk Industries Third Quarter 2021 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, October 29, 2021. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. James Brunk. Mr. Brunk, you may begin your conference.
James Brunk: Thank you, Abigail. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor call. Joining me on today's call are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we'll update you on the Company's third quarter results. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties and including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for his opening remarks. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Jim. Our third quarter results exceeded our expectations as net sales rose 9% over the prior year to approximately $2.8 billion. Our adjusted EPS was $3.95 per share. All of our businesses performed well, managing through a changing environment in a period COVID directly and indirectly impacted many economies, creating supply chain difficulties that disrupted production as well as leading the government lockdowns in Australia, New Zealand and Malaysia that halted manufacturing and retail. Despite these and other headwinds, our third quarter sales trends continued in most regions, with Europe's results reflecting more normal summer seasonality. Home sales were robust across most geographies and consumers continued remodeling investments at a strong pace. Year-over-year, the commercial sector showed improvement though at a slower rate as COVID concerns delayed the timing of some projects. Our strategies to enhance organizational flexibility, reduce product and operational complexity and align pricing with cost improved our results in the period. We continue to implement lean processes and reduce complexity in manufacturing and logistics. We're managing our investments in SG&A to support new products that will expand our future revenues and margins. Even with greater external constraints, we ran most of our operations at high levels and we successfully managed many interruptions across the enterprise. Rather than improving as we expected, the availability of labor, materials and transportation became more challenging, resulting in higher costs in the period. Tight chemical supplies, in particular, reduced the output of our LVT, carpet, laminate and board panels. While we are presently seeing COVID cases declining in most of the regions, many of our operations experienced increased absenteeism during the period, affecting our efficiencies in production. For the near term, we do not see any significant changes in these external pressures. Due to supply shortages, government regulations and political issues, natural gas costs in Europe are presently about 4x as high than they were earlier in the year. This has a temporary challenge to our European businesses as higher costs are reflected in gas, electricity and our materials. Though our inventories increased during the period, mostly due to higher material costs and transportation delays on customer orders, our service levels remained below historical norms. Most of our businesses are carrying significant order backlogs, and we plan to run our operations at high levels during the fourth quarter to improve our service and efficiencies. Currently, some of our fastest-growing products are being limited by material and capacity constraints. We have initiated additional investments to increase our production of those and increase our sales and service. Completion of those projects is being extended due to longer lead times on building materials and equipment. Our results have improved significantly during 2021 and we generated over $1.9 billion of EBITDA for the trailing 12 months. Given this in our current valuations, our Board increased our stock purchase program by an additional $500 million. Since the end of the second quarter, we bought approximately $250 million of our stock at an average price of $193 per share. With our current low leverage, we have the capital to pursue additional investments and acquisitions to expand our sales and profitability. Jim will now review our third quarter financials.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. Sales for the quarter exceeded $2.8 billion, a 9.4% increase as reported and 8.7% on a constant basis. All segments showed growth, primarily due to price and mix actions as volume was generally constrained by supply, labor, transportation and COVID disruptions. Gross margin, as reported, was 29.7% or 29.8% excluding charges, increasing from 28.3% last year. The year-over-year increase was driven primarily by improved price and mix, which offset the increasing rate of inflation. In addition, gains in productivity, less year-over-year downtime and favorable FX improved our margins. The actual detailed amounts of these items will be included in the MD&A section of our 10-Q, which will be filed after the call. SG&A as reported was 16.9% and flat versus prior year, excluding charges. Increased SG&A dollars versus prior year as a result of costs that were curtailed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, higher sales, increased inflation, new product development and price and mix. Operating margin as reported was 12.8%. Restructuring charges were approximately $1 million, and we have reached our original savings goal exceeding $100 million in annual savings. We continue, though, to pursue other initiatives to lower our costs. Operating margins, excluding charges, were also 12.8%, improving from 11.5% in the prior year or 130 basis points. The increase was driven by improved price and mix, offsetting increasing inflation as well as gains in productivity, favorable FX and greater year-over-year manufacturing uptime, improving our results. We were partially offset by impact of constrained volume and increased cost in product development. Interest expense was $15 million in the quarter, flat versus prior year. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 21.4% versus 16.9% in the prior year, and we still expect the full year rate to be between 21.5% and 22.5%. Earnings per share as reported were $3.93, and excluding charges were $3.95, increasing by 21% versus prior year. Now turning to the segments. Global ceramic sales came in just under $1 billion, a 9.6% increase as reported or approximately 9.1% on a constant basis, led by strengthening price and mix across our geographic regions. Brazil, Mexico and the U.S. countertop business saw the strongest volume gains while other products performed well against a difficult year-over-year Q3 comp comparison, which had an abnormal seasonality. Operating margin excluding charges was 11.9%, up 160 basis points versus prior year due to the favorable price/mix offsetting increasing inflation, which improved -- with improved productivity and limited year-over-year shutdowns strengthening our results, partially offset by increased costs in new product development. Flooring North America sales just exceeded $1 billion, a 6.9% increase as reported. The sales growth was driven by price and mix actions to offset rising costs as our sales volumes were impacted by supply, transportation and labor constraints. Operating margin excluding charges was 11.4%. That's an increase of 320 basis points versus prior year. The improvement was driven by positive price/mix offsetting the increasing inflation and volume constraints. In addition, productivity gains and less temporary shutdowns favorably impacted our results. In Flooring Rest of the World, sales exceeded $760 million, a 12.7% as reported increase or 10.5% on a constant basis, driven again by price and mix actions while volumes here were constrained by material disruptions, especially in LVT, are returned to a normal summer seasonality and COVID restrictions, which caused lockdowns in Australia, New Zealand and Malaysia. Operating margin, excluding charges, was 17.4%. This is a decrease versus prior year as a result of the return to a normal summer holiday, along with material constraints and COVID lockdowns which increased our costs and lower productivity, volume and increase the temporary shutdown. Improved price mix, which offset the increase in inflation and favorable FX benefited our results. Corporate and eliminations were $11 million, and I would expect that to be $45 million for the full year. Taking a look at the balance sheet. Cash for the quarter exceeded $1.1 billion with free cash flow of $351 million in the quarter and over $720 million in third quarter year-to-date. Receivables were just shy of $1.9 billion with a DSO of just under 57 days. Inventories were just over $2.2 billion, an increase of approximately $374 million or 20% from the prior year. That's an increase of about 16% if you compare to the year-end balance. Inventory days just under 107 days compared to our low point last year at just under 100 days and 103 days at the year-end. Property, plant and equipment exceeded $4.4 billion with CapEx for the quarter at $148 million, in line with our D&A. Full year CapEx is currently projected to be $650 million, with D&A projected at $586 million. Looking at the current debt. One note on October 19, the Company redeemed at par their January 2022 $500 million euro 2% senior notes plus unpaid interest, utilizing cash on hand. The balance sheet overall and cash flow remained very strong with gross debt as of the end of Q3 of $2.3 billion and leverage at 0.6x to adjusted EBITDA. And with that, I will turn it over to Chris to review our operational results.
Chris Wellborn: Thank you, Jim. For the period, our Flooring Rest of World segment sales increased 12.7% as reported and 10.5% on a constant basis. Operating margins were 17.4% as a result of pricing and mix improvements, offset by inflation and a return to more normal seasonality in the period. During the quarter, sales were strong across our product categories and geographies outside those affected by government lockdowns. Overall, raw material supplies continue to impact our operations, with LVT production affected the most during the quarter. We expect that material, energy and transportation inflation will continue and chemical costs that rely on gas will accelerate in upcoming periods. During the period, COVID shutdowns in Malaysia, Australia and New Zealand interrupted our production and sales. These restrictions have now been lifted, and we are ramping up production to meet demand. Our laminate collections continue to have strong sales growth with consumers embracing our proprietary waterproof products for their performance and realistic visuals. Our new premium laminate introductions feature unique services that replicate handcrafted wood floors. Our sales volume increased during the period, though our margins were pressured by higher-than-anticipated raw material and transportation inflation. We added new capacity in Europe to meet demand, and we are initiating other projects to support further sales growth. In Russia and Brazil, our laminate businesses are growing as we expand distribution with our leading collections. As anticipated, our LVT sales were lower during the period, given material shortages and lower production that reduced our output. We minimized the impact by improving our product mix and raising prices to pass through inflation. Sales of our higher-value rigid LVT collections with patented water-type joint outperformed and benefited our mix. We anticipate improved material availability in the fourth quarter to support higher LVT production levels and improve our service. We have announced additional price increases as our energy and material costs continue to rise. Our sheet vinyl production and sales were impacted by tight material supply and transportation bottlenecks and outbound shipments. Our Russian sheet vinyl business performed well with sales growing as our distribution expanded. Our wood plant in Malaysia resumed full operations in September after 12 weeks of government lockdowns due to COVID. Sales of our wood products will be down in both the third and fourth quarters as our inventories have been depleted. We have acquired a European wood veneer plant to improve supply, yields and cost of our wood flooring. We're introducing waterproof wood collections with our patented Wet Protect Technology in our markets after its successful launch in the U.S. Production stops in Australia and New Zealand reduced our sales and margins, and we are scaling up our operations to meet demand as the markets reopen. Our new premium collections, enhanced merchandising and consumer advertising will benefit our business as the markets return to normal. We are increasing pricing to offset inflation and transportation costs. Sales of our European installation panels grew in the period as we implemented another price increase to offset rising material inflation. Our income improved with disruptions in manufacturing due to tight material supplies. We acquired an insulation manufacturer in Ireland and have begun integrating their operations with our existing business. During the third quarter, our panels business grew and margins expanded as we increased our mix and pricing. We're introducing a new decorative range to enhance our participation in specified markets. We have added new press that will increase our capacity and add more differentiated features to our products. Our ongoing pricing actions offset rapidly rising material prices, and we will increase prices further in response to inflation. In the fourth quarter, we will complete the acquisition of an MDF manufacturer in France to expand our capacity in Western Europe. The Company is a pioneer in bio-based resins, which will enhance our sustainability position. In the third quarter period, our Flooring North America segment sales increased 6.9% and operating margins were 11.3% as reported as a result of productivity, pricing and mix improvements, partially offset by inflation. Flooring North America had strong results given the material, transportation and labor constraints impacting our sales and production during the period. Supplies of most oil-related chemicals were restricted, creating unscheduled production stops that lowered our sales and raised our costs. We implemented additional price increases across most product categories as inflationary pressures intensified. We continue to streamline our product portfolio and reduce operational complexity, benefiting our efficiencies and quality. In residential carpet, limited material and labor availability are affecting our production and manufacturing costs. We continue to increase prices to recover continued inflation. Volume and efficiencies are being negatively impacted by low inventories, shorter runs and labor challenges. We are replacing older assets with more efficient equipment, which is improving our labor productivity. We have an elevated backlog, and we plan to run our operations at high levels in the fourth quarter to improve service and replenish inventories. We are enhancing our sales and mix as consumers upgrade their homes with our premium SmartStrand and luxury nylon collections. Commercial sales improved in the period, though the rate of growth has slowed as COVID cases increased. The government, education and health care sectors outpaced office, retail and hospitality channels which are recovering more slowly. Our hard surface sales are growing as we expand our offering and increase specifications in commercial projects. We are investing in more efficient assets to improve cost, enhance styling and reduce labor requirements. Our laminate and wood business continues to grow, though our sales were restricted by our capacities. Our new laminate line should be operational by the end of this year to expand our sales and provide more advanced features. Chemical shortages limited our laminate production in the period as we responded by reengineering our formulations to maximize our output. We are reducing complexities to simplify our operations and improve our efficiencies and production. Our new high-performance UltraWood collections are increasing our mix in wood and the productivity of our new plant is improving as volume increases. Our LVT sales increased in the period, even with material supplies limiting production and shipping days in our sourced products. We have improved our mix with enhanced features and lowered our costs by streamlining our processes. Our plan has increased throughput and yields despite disruptions from a lack of material supply. To support future growth, we are expanding our LVT operations adding approximately $160 million of production, with the initial phase beginning at the end of this year. We are also increasing our sheet vinyl plants production to satisfy expanding sales of our collections. In the quarter, our Global Ceramic segment sales increased 9.6% as reported and 9.1% on a constant basis. Operating margins were 11.9% as a result of higher volume, productivity, pricing and mix improvements, partially offset by inflation. Our U.S. Ceramic business grew during the period with the residential sector remaining strong and commercial continuing to show improvement. Our margins improved in the quarter as we implemented price increases to offset higher transportation and raw material costs, enhanced our mix and increased output from our plants. Additional pricing actions are being taken to offset continuing inflation. We are reducing our manufacturing costs by reengineering our products, utilizing alternative materials and enhancing our logistics strategies. We are introducing higher-value products with new printing technologies, textured finishes and polished services to provide alternatives to premium imported tile. We are growing our studio direct program that focuses on high-end remodeling and exterior collections that sell through outdoor specialists and home centers. Our quartz countertop sales continue to grow substantially as our production recovered during the period. Our countertop mix is improving as sales of our higher-end visuals grow at a faster rate. Our Mexican and Brazilian ceramic businesses are growing as we increased prices to offset inflation in both countries. We are refining our product offering, improving our efficiencies and increasing our output. We have expanded our participation in residential projects and commercial sales. We are increasing the number of retailers that exclusively sell our products. We are investing in new manufacturing assets in both countries to expand our production and enhance our product offering. Sales in our European ceramic business remained strong as vacation schedules return to normal. Increases in price, mix and productivity enhanced our results, though they were more than offset by rising inflation. Our new products with enhanced visuals, unique shapes and large slabs increased our average selling price and improved our mix. We are upgrading production lines to further enhance our styling and improve our efficiencies. In the period, natural gas and electricity prices in Europe rose to unprecedented levels due to anticipated shortages. Our margins will be negatively impacted until our prices align with energy cost in the future. Sales and margins increased in our Russian ceramic business as enhanced mix and increased prices offset higher inflation. Lower inventories and capacity limitations impacted our sales volume in the period, and we will continue to manage our mix until new capacity is operational. Due to an equipment delay, our production expansion will not be ready until the third quarter of next year. Our sanitary ware sales are growing significantly as we expand production and operate -- in our operations. With that, I'll return the call to Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. Throughout 2021, Mohawk has delivered exceptional results with higher sales growth, margin expansion and robust cash generation. For the fourth quarter, we anticipate that industry seasonality will be more typical unlike last year when demand was unusually high. In the period, we'll run our operations at high levels to support our sales improve our service and increase our inventory. Our sales in some categories are being limited by our manufacturing capacities, and we're increasing investments to expand the production of these growing categories. We are continuing to implement additional price increases and manage staffing, supply and transportation constraints across the business. We're maintaining aggressive cost management, leveraging technology and enhancing our strategies across the enterprise. In Ceramic Europe, record gas prices are increasing the net cost by approximately $25 million in the fourth quarter, and it will take some time for the industry to adjust to the higher cost. In addition, our fourth quarter calendar had 6% fewer days than the prior year. Given these factors, we anticipate our fourth quarter adjusted EPS to be $2.80 to $2.90, excluding any restructuring charges. Despite temporary challenges from inflation and material availability, our long-term outlook remains optimistic with new home construction and residential remodeling projected to remain robust and the commercial sector improving as businesses invest in growth. Next year, our sales should grow with capacity expansions and new innovative product introductions. Our strategies to optimize our results continue to evolve with the economic and supply chain conditions. Our balance sheet is the strongest in history and it supports increased internal investments and strategic acquisitions. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Matthew Adrien: Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. So, on the natural gas headwind, the $25 million that you called out in Q4, should we assume that $25 million is kind of a good run rate to think about going forward if prices don't abate? And what confidence do you have relative to 2018 when we last saw this that you will be able to align that with price?
Chris Wellborn: Well, gas and electricity costs depend on Russian actions, which are presently unpredictable. Gas prices are expected to decline after the winter. Timing of increases is being impacted by hedges and further increases are anticipated. We anticipate Q1 impact will be greater than Q4, Q2 will get better and Q3 prices will cover inflation. But market changes can dramatically impact that result.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Just as a note, yesterday, Putin said something and the prices dropped 10%. So, it's highly volatile, and we'll have to keep adjusting to the circumstances.
Matthew Adrien: Understood. That's very helpful color. Second one on Flooring Rest of World. I mean you've been signaling all year that there will be a normal seasonality this year. And as expected, the margin was down versus the prior year, but it was still over 17%. Would you say that, that's kind of a fair representation of how Rest of World profitability may look going forward?
Chris Wellborn: Well, our business performed well as a result of pricing and mix improvements, offset by a return to more normal seasonality and inflation pressures. Sales were strong across our product categories and geographies outside those affected by the government lockdowns. Overall, raw material supplies continue to impact our operations with LVT production affected the most. Inflation in materials, transport and energy are continuing and chemical costs based on gas will accelerate. This year, vacation stopped taking in Q3 as typical versus last year, or move with the Q2 with COVID.
James Brunk: And one additional point there, Matt, is margins, you're right, are historically high. There's really many moving parts with energy and material costs increasing and we'll continue to push price increases in response to that.
Operator: Next question is from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking the question. My first question is, as we think about the fourth quarter, you've seen some really nice improvement in the Flooring North America margins over the last couple of quarters. How should we be thinking about that given the seasonality and some of the pressures that are coming into the business?
Jeff Lorberbaum: As we look at fourth quarter, so far this year, we've delivered exceptional results with the EBITDA up to $1.9 billion in the trailing 12 months. We've grown the sales. We've expanded the margins. We've had robust cash generation. We anticipate the fourth quarter seasonality will work more typical than last year was, which is really strong through the end. And we have the 6% days you have to put in it. We'll run all the facility at high levels, and we're increasing investments to expand the constricted areas that we're in. We're implementing additional price increases and we expect at this point, supply and labor constraints to continue through the end of the year. We don't see anything stopping them now. And then we have to keep putting in the Ceramic Europe piece, which should impact the quarter by $25 million, based on our best estimate at this point.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's helpful. And then following up on that, as we think about 2022 and the backlog that you're sort of presumably entering the year with, how do you think about the ability to continue to expand the margins next year? And is there any one segment where maybe we should be expecting a bigger move relative to another?
Jeff Lorberbaum: If you look out -- despite the short-term challenges that we're having today, we believe the long-term outlook remains optimistic. You start looking at the overall direction of the economies. You have government policies remain supportive. The economy and spending should improve. Inflation is projected to moderate and the disruptions in supply and transportation are expected to decline. In Europe, we have the temporary problem with this rapid increase in electricity inflation which will impact both our energy and material cost across the businesses. The forward prices are expected to drop in half once we get through the winter. With Ceramic Europe, which is most impacted due to its gas use and margins, we're expecting them to recover by the third quarter as the industry aligns over time. If we look next year, we think the sales will continue to expand with residential expected to remain strong. We see commercial continuing its improvement. The margin expansion is really going to depend on what happens with the inflation intensity and how the competitive conditions change with it. We're doing everything we can to push price to keep up with it. And through the first three quarters of this year, we've been able to align them. As we look into next year, we expect to benefit from increasing production, improved material supply, higher inventories as well as new product innovations. But keep in mind, there's still some of the businesses that will remain constrained until the new investments we're putting in are operating. We expect to continue to generate significant cash which will support the greater investments and acquisitions we're trying to fund.
Operator: Next question is with Phil Ng with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Phil Ng: Congrats on a really good quarter in a tough environment. Certainly, we're focused on the outlook, but the team has done a great job in a tough backdrop. Outside of European ceramic, can you give us some color when you kind of expect price cost to be neutral? Your guide seems like it implies that the rest of your business is in actually a pretty good spot on the pricing and cost side. And then separately, given the seasonal nature of nat gas prices, certainly in Europe, and you mentioned that the forward strip is expected to come down pretty hard. How are you tackling price increases? Are you looking at that forward curve and kind of guiding your approach on pricing? Or you're kind of looking at current prices and trying to be really proactive here?
James Brunk: Well, first, on a year-to-date basis through Q3, pricing and mix has offset inflation. We're continuing to raise prices as costs change across most of the categories. Obviously, energy materials are very volatile at this point and difficult to predict. In Europe, as we said, actions by Russia that will really determine the energy and material that are gas dependent. And Jeff pointed out, it's very volatile just on comments. We're seeing the spot prices drop today over 10%. So, at this time -- and we expect Ceramic Europe to catch up sometime in Q3.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The best answer we can give you about the future in Europe is we're going to have to keep reacting to the market conditions. The material prices that we're purchasing are just now starting to reflect the higher gas prices. Gas prices, it's anybody's guess what they're going to be tomorrow, yet alone six months from now. So the best we can say is that we're going to keep raising prices aligned with the costs that are changing.
Phil Ng: That's really helpful. Demand seems pretty healthy here. It's not a demand issue, and you got some pent-up demand from supply chain constraints. So curious, what are your customers telling you, backlogs? Any color on that front? And just more broadly, we kind of look out to 2022, I appreciate you got tougher comps. Do you expect volumes for your carpet and ceramics business to kind of return to more pre-pandemic growth levels? Or you continue this more elevated growth backdrop that we've seen in this past year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think they're going to turn to more typical growth rates. We think the industry is going to -- it can't keep going up dramatically. Housing can't keep growing by 20% a year, is it? So we think it's going to be more normalized, and that will reflect in our sales as we go through.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Wojs with Baird. Your line is now open.
Tim Wojs: Maybe just first question on capital investments as you think about '22 and '23. Is there any way to size what you're planning to spend next year and what the potential kind of output growth or kind of available capacity that might represent?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Just to begin with before the expansion, the production is being constrained by material supply, by capacities and by transportation today as well as import delays are limiting our sales at the moment. So to expand sales in those costs, we're investing -- we're estimating to end up about $650 million this year and with more plan next year. At the moment, we haven't finalized the budget but we think it's going to be approximately $800 million at this point. The major pieces that are getting expanded are laminate in the U.S. and Europe; ceramic in Mexico, Brazil and Russia; the quartz countertop business; LVT in the U.S. and Europe as well as other areas. And then on top of these, there's always a huge amount being spent on efficiencies and productivity as we go through.
Tim Wojs: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then from a competition standpoint on imports, is there any way that you guys think internally how your relative share has performed versus imported ceramic or imported LVT? Is there a way to kind of articulate how your share has shifted as those imports are more pressured?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The estimates of it, there is so much change in the inventory levels. So in ceramic, all -- just as an example, in ceramic during the downturn, everybody stopped all the imports. So what happened is all the imports got shut down. So now all the inventories are trying to be rebuilt. It's really difficult to see the difference in the inventory and the distribution channel versus what the consumer is spending. So we think we're performing in line with the sales, but the inventories are changing dramatically in both.
Tim Wojs: Do you get the feeling that you're taking share? Or do you feel like you're just kind of maintaining?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Does anything I gave you would be a guess, is it?
Tim Wojs: What's your guess?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think we're doing better.
Operator: Our next question is with Keith Hughes with Truist. Your line is now open.
Keith Hughes: Talked a lot about constrained production in this call and a lot of other companies. If you had to look within North America, what product has been the most constrained? And the end of the scale, which one have you had a better ability to produce raw materials and things of that nature?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The most constrained would be the LVT production, which the vinyl supply has been hand to mouth. The plant stopping and starting or just running whatever they give us. So it's probably the most affected. The least affected from a material standpoint, it may be the -- the carpet side might be least affected from it. But in North Georgia, there is a huge problem with labor and manning the plants given the amount of capacity in the area that everybody is pulling from the same length of pool, just to give you on extremes.
Keith Hughes: Yes, I've seen your billboards on high 75, I get it. Second question, shifting to -- sorry, you mentioned earlier some strength in some of our South America -- Central and South American businesses and units. Could you talk there is inputs there more readily available? Or what's causing those to look a little bit better than some other areas?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Our ceramic businesses in Mexico, Brazil and Russia are all running wide open. They're all running at capacity. As it came out of COVID, the industries are doing well. The backlogs are high. And in all three markets, we can't ship any more, is it? We went into the third quarter with low inventories and we don't have material constraints or labor constraints in those markets, but we have capacity constraints.
Chris Wellborn: And Keith, we're adding capacity to Mexico, Brazil and Russia next year.
Operator: Our next question is Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Stephen Kim: You gave us a lot of great information, so thanks for that. I think -- you said that you would be running equipment at high levels in 4Q. You talked about reformulation effort that you're doing in many places, I guess, to get around some of the material shortages. And so I guess my question is, are you going to be able to produce at a higher level in 4Q than you did in 3Q? And then regarding sales, you said that would be seasonally slower. So I assume you'll be rebuilding inventory. And that also implies that productivity would be pretty strong as a result. I'm wondering if that productivity benefit would be recognized in 4Q? Or would it be more in the first half of 2022 when those products are ultimately sold?
Jeff Lorberbaum: First is that the production rates we're assuming are going to be fairly similar to where we are in the third quarter because at this point, we're not sure we're going to have any differences in all the constraints and we don't know anything that's going to change them. What we're assuming is the -- unlike last year, where the volume stayed strong through the winter where it normally falls off, we're going to be more typical, which will allow us to increase the inventories as we go through. The cost, I think, will flow through as normal as the inventory turns in the future.
Stephen Kim: Okay. Yes. On inventory, got it. Great. And then you talked about the U.S. LVT business, but there was a lot of information given in a short period of time. So I just want to make sure I heard that right. In the U.S. LVT business, where you've historically been dealing with manufacturing challenges to try to get to nameplate capacity. In this quarter, am I led to believe that you're no longer really facing those process challenges, that it's really just a material availability? In other words, are you able to actually produce at nameplate capacity if you could get the raw materials in? And did I hear you say that you were adding a production line in the U.S. LVT business, about $160 million? Or did I hear that wrong?
Jeff Lorberbaum: And so LVT was limited by material shortages in the U.S. and Europe. Is it? The product mix in the business is improving with higher rigid sales and better premium products. We're increasing prices with inflation. On the U.S., the imported products, we have the same freight delays everybody else does, which is impacting the sales level. And what you heard was the plants have increased the productivity, the yields and what's coming out, but you have to have material to keep them going. And so they're stopping and starting day to day and week to week, is it. And then we did say that we are putting more production in. We're expecting the output of the existing plant to increase as soon as we get more material to support it with our higher throughput. And we did say we're expanding the production in North America by another $160 million.
Stephen Kim: Is that going to be in the same building? Or are you going to be actually moving across the street with a new location there for the new -- for a new line?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The building that they're in is full.
Stephen Kim: Yes. That's what I thought.
Operator: Our next question with Mr. Truman Patterson with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Truman Patterson: Just wanted to touch on the spike in the natural gas inflation, which kind of happened overnight. You all called out the $25 million headwind in the European ceramics business. Is there any way you can help us frame the size of the headwind in the U.S. business ceramics? U.S. natural gas is still inflating at a pretty high level, maybe not to the same degree as Europe.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's see to give you some reference point. The gas and electricity, which we bundle together as energy is roughly historically about 9% -- 9%, 10% of the U.S. cost. So that and just as a reference point, gas prices are maybe double where they were. So you can figure out approximately what the impact is when we continue to raise prices try and recover it.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Okay. And then, you all have been fairly consistently repurchasing shares over the past year. You just did another share repurchase authorization, have about $1 billion of cash on hand. Are you all, when you look forward based on the valuation, are you thinking about turning into a more programmatic share repurchase?
James Brunk: I think our cash priorities really haven't changed at this point, Truman. We're going to look at expanding constrained businesses and reducing our costs. We're going to try to broaden our product offering and drive innovation in the products. We're going to continue to identify bolt-on acquisitions. We talked about three of them this morning. and other acquisitions enter new markets and products, but share buyback will be part of that cash priority.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Do you want to review with him the cash flow it is today versus the end of the quarter? It's lower than where he thinks.
James Brunk: Yes. So we...
Truman Patterson: Yes, I would.
James Brunk: Yes, we ended the quarter with just over $1 billion in cash. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we have paid off the 2%, 500 million in October. So we used on-hand cash for them.
Operator: And our next question is from Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Mike Dahl: Jeff, sorry to keep harping on the nat gas, it's just kind of an important point given how dynamic it is. When you talk about the headwinds in 4Q and then growing into 1Q, I mean, given the timing of the gas spike and the time to turn inventory, it actually seems like 1Q should be substantially north of the costs that you're seeing in 4Q, not just a little bit. I'm wondering if just directionally, your order of magnitude, you can give us some sense of that? I know it's still dynamic, but if things were to hold today, order of magnitude we're facing in 1Q?
Chris Wellborn: Yes. I can also just comment on that, that we've already raised prices twice even though we're significantly behind. We believe some of our competition hedge some of their needs and are not presently impacted as much, limiting our short-term pricing. But over time, we'll catch up.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In our estimates, we have -- now remember, the costs we have in one quarter flow into the next quarter with our FIFO piece. So they'll pass through. So in hours, we have two really things going on. One is we expect to continue increasing pricing over time to get it back. We've been limited a little bit because some of the competition did hedge some of it. So it's limiting how fast we can push it up. And then the other side of it is, if you look at the forward prices, the natural gas prices, I think, in the second quarter prior to yesterday, were predicted to drop 50% from where they are now. Do you have -- are pricing increasing and you have the future costs coming down, which is how we get to where we want to be with it all lined up in the third quarter of next year.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Got it. And my follow-up is really around that. When you talk about the third quarter of next year, so I'm still unclear. Is that -- it seems it seems clear that in ceramic, this is going to be a margin headwind until the third quarter of next year. But are you saying that margins for the overall business will be down year-on-year until 3Q, given some of these moving pieces?
Jeff Lorberbaum: All our comments on the margins are around specifically the ceramic Europe impact, is it.
Chris Wellborn: Mike, just one thing on the energy. Our other businesses require much less gas and the impact is much less. We also produced significant green energy using biomass and wind reducing requirements. So it will impact [indiscernible]
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't have a full view of things as they're changing. So in our European businesses, anything that's related to natural gas, we're just starting to see materials and other cost increase, and we're trying to align the cost with the prices, but it's fluid.
Operator: And our next question is from Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Michael Rehaut: First question, I just want to kind of maybe sum up the views here around price cost for 4Q and maybe into 1Q. When you look at 4Q depending on obviously what you're assuming from revenue, but you're more or less looking at a 200 basis point year-over-year drop. Now what's actually interesting also is that historically, there's a lot -- some of that drop is due to a tougher comp in the year ago when you had flat margins sequentially. Usually, you can have 50 to 100 basis points of sequential margin decline 3Q to 4Q. You didn't have that last year with the shipping day tailwind. But when you look at that year-over-year drop, how much of that should be covered or made up, let's say, in 1Q as the price increases that you're implementing today have a chance to be more fully realized?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You have to separate out the $25 million related to ceramic, then you have what you said last year was seasonally unusually high with the pieces which made the margin higher in the comp piece. And then the 6% fewer days not only impacts the sales level, it also impacts the coverage of all the fixed overheads. So you have all those together.
James Brunk: In addition to that, we really do think the challenges we saw in Q3 will continue in Q4. Material shortages really constrained a number of the businesses which is impacting productivity and obviously increasing the cost. And the chemical supplies will continue to put pressure on LVT, carpet, laminate and our boards business.
Michael Rehaut: Yes, maybe said it another way, when you look at 4Q, I mean, in 3Q, obviously, you had a lot of raw material inflation, but price and mix was able to offset that roughly. You're not seeing that in 4Q. I was just hoping to try and get a sense of either on a dollar basis or a margin impact basis, what that negative price cost inclusive of the $25 million represents? And on a consolidated company basis, when do you think that, that negative price cost might go back to neutral? Would it be the first quarter or the second quarter? Just trying to get a sense of -- because you've been implementing price increases throughout the year. They've been successful. But right now, you have a gap in 4Q. When do you think that might flip to neutral or even positive?
James Brunk: Well, it is a very volatile situation, Mike, especially with the impact in Ceramic Europe, along with any chemicals that come from really natural gas that as part of their manufacturing process. So the deficit, we'll see the $25 million flow-through in the fourth quarter, and that will increase right today. We believe that will increase in the first quarter which creates a gap between price mix and inflation as well.
Michael Rehaut: If you were to, let's say, take out for a moment, the nat gas headwind, I mean you're seeing inflation all over as well? Just kind of putting aside the nat gas headwind, would you expect price cost to be neutral in the first quarter? Or how should we think about that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, we can't even figure out what the gas price is going to be tomorrow, is it. The -- there is a headwind with the inflation, but every one of the businesses is increasing prices, and we're trying to get them to align. And there is some pressure in the short term, and we're trying to get them all aligned and we're raising prices as fast as we can in all the markets.
James Brunk: And the flow-through impact does negatively impact us as you go through Q4 into Q1 as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Baumgarten with Zelman. Your line is now open.
Adam Baumgarten: You mentioned that some of the European ceramic producers who have hedges are benefiting and maybe holding back price a little bit. Are there any other categories across your global portfolio where maybe pricing is getting a bit more difficult for some reason or another?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The Ceramic Europe is the one that's most impacted. Most of the other businesses, we've been able to push it through up to now, and we're trying to continue to do the same. The question changes if the material prices start softening and/or if the marketplaces start dramatically changing. At this point, it looks like business will be good. And at this point, we see more increasing in inflation rather than decreases. But at some point, it will change.
Adam Baumgarten: Got it. And then just maybe thinking about Flooring North America specifically, are you worried about any potential demand destruction as you continue to increase pricing and really mainly focusing on carpet and LVT, just given their historical kind of demand patterns versus pricing?
Jeff Lorberbaum: When prices continue to go up, some consumers have limited budgets. And when they have limited budgets, they start looking for cheaper alternatives to put in. At the same time, the installation costs have gone up and -- which is driving all the cost to not only that new housing and everything else. So there is a concern that at some point, you get it up as high as it can. On the other hand, you have all the positives going on. You have -- the economy is still growing, more people working, wages going up, commercial expanding. So the question is, how are they going to balance out, is it. Right at the moment, we and everybody else are still optimistic that we'll find the right balance.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Eric Bosshard: Two things. First of all, the addition of capacity in the U.S. LVT business, your U.S. manufacturing has had -- has traveled a road from a start to where we are now and the market has evolved and imports have done what they've done. I'm just curious strategically or philosophically of why add capacity, why not import more? And where do you think we are in the curve of penetration of LVT in terms of market share in the U.S.?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's see. First is the industry has gotten to be a large part. The rate of growth cannot keep up the rate of growth it's had based on the size of it, but it should still grow greater than the flooring industry in total. Second is with all the shipping problems and all the different pieces, there are multiple players all putting more capacity in the United States given those things and we think that we should increase hours also to support our needs.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. And then a follow-up and just try to be targeted to not ask the same question again. Excluding the days in the calendar in 4Q and excluding gas, what I'm trying to figure out is you've had inflation and supply chain challenges year-to-date and the margin in the business has performed quite well. Is there something that suggests that performance is not sustainable, again, ignoring the calendar issues and the natural gas issues in 4Q? Is there something changing that suggest you can't sustain you handle these challenges to this point?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't think so. We're continuing to raise prices everywhere. The only thing is the magnitude of the increases and how long it takes to balance them up.
Operator: Our next question is from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group. Your line is now open.
Brian Biros: This is actually Brian Biros on for Kathryn. First one, I guess, if the kind of general construction backlogs that are out there, if those start to get worked through next year at a higher pace, do you think that's further supportive of more price increases even if inflation moderates? Or might there be pricing fatigue by then making it harder to pass on more price due to solely demand levels?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think for the pricing to start softening, you're going to have to see a change in the trend of all the raw materials across the category to do that. And then your guess is as good as mine if and when that will occur.
Brian Biros: Okay. Yes. And then maybe a follow-up on the internal initiatives you guys have around reducing complexity. Is there a way to measure that or think about that maybe on a margin basis, basis points? Or maybe just how much more is there to squeeze out on the reducing level?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, you've seen through the year that our margins have expanded. You've seen the result of those things, and it's been by taking out the complexity and the product and the offering, we're able to get more throughput through the plants, and we're able to take more costs out to seeing the results of it and the margins and we have more of a plan.
Operator: And our next question is from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
David MacGregor: You talked about the commercial business. You said you were seeing improvement, but at a slower rate. I'm just wondering if you could talk about how price cost spreads may be different in commercial versus what you're facing in residential and how you're approaching sort of the inflation recovery in commercial any differently than what you're planning to do in residential as we go into 2022?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The commercial business is a more differentiated offering. It is a sale made with performance, design, uniqueness, unique features. And so because of that, it tends to be higher-margin businesses with it. So they tend to be a little easier to recover the increases. Now what happens with the COVID increasing in the third quarter -- as it increased, what we saw were some of the projects that we thought were going to conclude and move forward got pushed out. And that impacted the rate of growth, is it. So all the corporations are looking at how they see the economy and most of them don't perceive it fairly good. So we perceive that there will be continued improvement over next year.
David MacGregor: And can you remind us what percentage of commercial is ceramic. I remember it's relatively high, but where would that stand today?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Before it collapsed in the U.S., it was about 40%. Now it's less because the whole category decreased.
Operator: And that's the end of our question-and-answer period. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing comments.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Mohawk today is well positioned for the long term. We'll overcome the short-term disruptions that are in front of us, and we appreciate all of you taking the time to join us. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Twanda, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Mohawk Industries Second Quarter 2021 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, July 30, 2021. I would now like to introduce your speaker for today, Mr. James Brunk. Mr. Brunk, you may begin your conference.
James Brunk: Thank you, Twanda. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor call. Joining me on today's call are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we'll update you on the Company's second quarter results. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include the discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. Now I will turn the call over to Jeff for his opening remarks. Jeff?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Jim. In the second quarter, we generated revenue of approximately $3 billion the highest quarterly sales of any period in our companys history. Our sales increased significantly over last year when the pandemic interrupted the global economy. Our adjusted EPS of $4.45 was the highest on record for any quarter. Our success is the result of the extraordinary efforts of all of our team members across the world that shown a dedication and resilience to overcome the challenges that we have faced. We greatly appreciate what they have been able to achieve. Our second quarter results were significantly stronger than we had anticipated across all our businesses with sales building on the momentum from our first period. In the quarter, our operating margin expanded to their highest level in the last four years as we leveraged our operational and SG&A expenses. The actions we have taken to simplify our product offering, enhance our productivity and restructure our costs are benefiting our results. We have delivered almost $95 million of the anticipated $100 million to $110 million in savings from our restructuring initiatives. Across the enterprise, we continue to respond to rising material, energy and transportation costs by increasing prices and optimizing manufacturing and logistics. During the quarter, most of our manufacturing ran at capacity or we were limited by material supply and labor availability. Raw material constraints in many of our operations led to unplanned production shutdowns during the period. Overall, we successfully managed interruptions that impeded our normal operations as well as regional manufacturing and customer closings related to COVID regulations in local areas. Our inventory levels increased slightly in the period, primarily reflecting higher material costs. Rising freight costs and limited shipping capacity impacted our material costs, availability of imported products, local shipments to customers and international exports. Presently, we do not anticipate near-term abatement of these constraints. All of our markets continue to show strength with robust housing sales and remodeling investments across the world. Commercial projects are increasing as the global economy improves and businesses gain confidence to expand and remodel. Inventory levels in most channels remain low, and our sales backlog is above our historical levels. To improve our sales, mix and efficiencies, we will introduce more new products with enhanced features and lower production complexity in the second half of the year. To alleviate manufacturing constraints, we have approved new capital investments of approximately $650 million to increase our production with most taking 12 to 18 months to fully implement. In the second quarter, we purchased $142 million of our stock at an average price of [$2.08] for a total amount of approximately $830 million since we initiated the program. With our strong balance sheet and historically low leverage, we are reviewing additional investments to expand our sales and profitability. Jim will now cover the second quarter financials.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. For the quarter, our sales were $2.954 billion, an increase of 44% as reported and 38% on a constant basis. All segments showed significant year-over-year growth versus Q2 of 2020, which was the period we are most impacted by the pandemic shut downs. Gross margin for the quarter was 30.5% as reported or 30.7% excluding charges, increasing from 21.4% in the prior year. The increase in gross profit was a result of higher volume and productivity, improved price mix, reduction of last year's temporary shut downs due to the pandemic and favorable FX partially offset by the increasing inflation. SG&A as reported was 16.9% of sales or 16.8% versus 19.7% in the prior year, both excluding charges as a result of strong leverage by the business on the sharp increase in volume. The absolute year-over-year dollar increase was primarily due to higher volume, normal operating costs previously curtailed by the pandemic, impact of FX, increased product development costs and inflation. Operating margin as reported was 13.7% with restructuring charges of approximately $7 million. Our restructuring savings are on track as we have recorded approximately $95 million of the planned $100 million and $110 million savings. Operating margin excluding charges of 13.9%, improving from 1.7% in the prior year, the increase was driven by the stronger volume, improved price mix, productivity actions, the reduction of the temporary shut downs and favorable FX, partially offset by the higher inflation and increased product development costs. Interest for the quarter was $15 million. Other income, other expense was $11 million income, primarily a result of the settlement of foreign non-income tax contingency and other miscellaneous items. Income tax rate as reported was 16% and 22.5% on a non-GAAP basis versus a credit of 2.5% in the prior year. We expect the full-year rates to be between 21.5% and 22.5%. [Indiscernible] net earnings as reported of $336 million for an earnings per share of $4.82. Earnings per share excluding charges was $4.45. Turning to the segments. The Global Ceramic segment has sales of just over $1 billion, an increase of 38% as reported or 34% on a constant basis with strong geographic growth across our business led by Mexico, Brazil and Europe. Operating margin excluding charges was 13.2%, a significant increase from the low point of 2020 at 0.5%. The earnings improvement was a result of strengthening volume and productivity, favorable price mix, and the reduction of the temporary shut downs, partially offset by increasing inflation. Flooring North America had sales of just under $1.1 billion or a 35% increase driven by a strong residential demand with commercial channels continuing its growth versus prior year, but still below historic levels. The segment experienced solid growth across all product lines led by residential carpet, LVT and laminate. Operating income excluding charges was 11.2% and similar to Global Ceramic a significant increase from the 2020 margin trough. The operating income improvement was also driven by the increase in volume, strengthening productivity, improvement and price mix with the reduction of temporary shut downs partially offset by higher inflation. Lastly, Flooring Rest of the World with sales of just over $830 million, 68% improvement as reported or 50% on a constant basis as continued strength in residential remodeling and new home construction drove improvement across all product groups led by resilient panels, laminate and our soft surface business in Australia and New Zealand. Operating margin excluding charges of 19.7% and similar to our other segments was a significant increase from prior years low point of 11.9%. And again, the main drivers were consistent in that, they had higher volume, favorable impact from price mix with the reduction of temporary shut downs, favorable FX, partially offset by increasing inflation. Corporate and eliminations came in at $12 million and expect full-year 2021 to be approximately $45 million. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments are approximately $1.4 billion with free cash flow of $226 million in the quarter. Receivables are just over $2 billion and an improvement in DSO to 53 days versus 64 days in the prior year. Inventories for the quarter were just shy of $2.1 billion, an increase of approximately $160 million or 8% from the prior year or increasing $85 million or 4% compared to Q1 2021. Inventory days remained historically low at 99 days versus 126 days in the prior year. Property, plant and equipment were just shy of $4.5 billion and CapEx for the quarter was $113 million with D&A of $148 million. Full-year CapEx has been increased to approximately $700 million to strengthen future growth with full-year D&A projected to be approximately $580 million. Overall, the balance sheet and cash flow remained very strong with gross debt of $2.7 billion, total cash and short-term investments of approximately $1.4 billion, and a leverage at 0.7x to adjusted EBITDA. And with that, I'll turn it over to Chris Wellborn to cover our operational review.
Christopher Wellborn: Thank you, Jim. For the period, our Flooring Rest of the World segment sales increased 68% as reported and 50% on a constant basis. Operating margins expanded to 19.7% due to higher volume, pricing and mix improvements and a reduction of COVID restrictions, partially offset by inflation. Flooring Rest of the World outperformed our other segments with all their major product categories improved significantly as residential sales expanded in all regions. We have implemented multiple price increases in most product categories to cover inflation in materials and freight. Raw material supplies are problematic and have impacted our LVT production and sales the most. We anticipate material and freight challenges will continue to impact our business in the third quarter. Sales of our high-end laminate continue to grow dramatically as our proprietary products are being widely accepted as a water-proof alternative to LVT and wood. We are beginning to introduce our next-generation of laminate at premium levels with collections featuring handcrafted visuals. We are increasing our production in Europe with new capacity coming online and further capacity expansion projects are being initiated. Our laminate business in Russia and Brazil are growing strongly and as we enhanced our offering and expand our distribution. We recently completed the acquisition of a laminate distributor in the UK that will improve our position in the market. Our LVT sales growth was strong during the period and would have been higher if material shortages had not interrupted manufacturing. To compensate for material inflation, we have increased prices and we expect further increases will be required as our costs continue to rise. We are significantly expanding sales of our rigid LVT collections with our patented water-tight joints that prevent moisture from penetrating the floor. Our manufacturing operations have made substantial progress, improving throughputs, material costs and yields. Our production in the third quarter will continue to be limited by material availability. Our sheet vinyl sales rebounded strongly as retail stores opened in our primary markets. Our sheet vinyl distribution in Russia has expanded, and we are maximizing production to meet the growing demand. Our wood plant in Malaysia has been idle since the government instituted lockdowns to address surging COVID rates. Wood is a small product category for us so the sales impact in the third quarter will be limited. We are awaiting permits to complete the acquisition of a plant that reduces wood veneers to lower our costs. Our Australian and New Zealand flooring businesses delivered excellent results with sales and margins exceeding our expectations. The residential business was strong with hard surface products leading the growth. Carpet sales are strengthening with our national consumer advertising, enhanced merchandising and the launch of a new high-end wool and triexta collections that improved our mix. Most of our facilities operated at a high level with increased volumes benefiting our results. As in all of our markets, commercial sales have not recovered to their pre-pandemic levels, so the Australian government has lockdown specific regions to contain the spread of COVID, it has not meaningfully impacted our business. Our European insulation sales grew even though chemical shortages limited our production. Our margins are recovering after we implemented price increases to cover rising material costs. We have announced an additional price increase for the third quarter to offset further raw material inflation. We anticipate chemical supplies to remain tight and could impact our future sales. To expand our existing insulation business in Ireland and the UK, we have signed an agreement to acquire an insulation manufacturer, which is pending government approval. Our panels business is running at full capacity and so far we have been able to manage material shortages without interruptions to our operations. We have raised prices and improved our mix with higher value decorative products. To enhance our results, we are expanding our offering of premium products as well as our project specification team. To enhance our panel offering, we are commissioning a new line that creates unique surfaces and visuals to differentiate our offering in the market. For the period, our Flooring North America segments sales increased 35% and adjusted margins expanded to 11.2% due to higher volume, productivity, pricing and mix improvements and fewer COVID interruptions partially offset by inflation. Our business trends continued from the first quarter with sales growth being driven by residential remodeling and new construction. Commercial sales continue to improve though the channel remains below pre-pandemic levels. Through the period, our order rate remained strong, and our sales backlog remains above historical levels. We are maximizing output at our facilities to support higher sales and improve our service. During the quarter, our production levels were hindered by local labor shortages and material supply, particularly in LVT, sheet vinyl and carpet. Ocean freight constraints delayed receipt of our imported products, impacting our sales, inventories and service levels. We implemented price increases as our material and transportation costs increased, and we have announced additional pricing actions as inflation continues. Our restructuring initiatives are improving efficiencies as planned, and we should realize additional savings in the third quarter. Our residential carpet sales continued their growth trend across all channels with consumers investing in home improvement projects. Sales of our proprietary SmartStrand franchise expanded with our new collections being well accepted. Our EverStrand polyester collections are expanding by providing enhanced value, styling and environmental sustainability. Our carpet sales have been limited by personnel shortages in our operations, and we are implementing many actions to increase our staffing and productivity. We have improved our efficiencies by rationalizing low-volume SKUs and streamlining our operational strategies. Our commercial sales have improved as businesses increase remodeling and new construction projects. Both carpet tile and hard surface products grew with healthcare, senior living, education and government recovering faster. So down slightly from record levels, the June Architectural Billing Index had a fifth consecutive month of expansion, indicating the continued strengthening of new commercial development and renovation projects. With realistic visuals and waterproof performance, our premium laminate collections are growing substantially. To support higher demand, we have implemented many process improvements to maximize our U.S. production and are importing product from our global operations. Our laminate expansion remains on schedule and should be operational by the end of this year. Our new line will produce the next-generation of Redwood, which is already being introduced in Europe. To support the growth of our laminate business, our U.S. MDF operation completed investments to increase our volume and lower our costs. Our new waterproof Ultrawood collections are being launched as a high-performance alternative to typical engineered wood floors. Our LVT and sheet vinyl sales continue to increase, with growth in the residential, retail and new construction channels. Our LVT and sheet vinyl growth and plant productivity were impacted by disruptions in supply that stopped our operations and delays an imported LVT caused by transportation constraints. We have enhanced our LVT offering with more realistic visuals, proprietary water-tight joints and improved stain and scratch resistance. Our U.S. operations implemented process enhancements that have increased our speeds and throughput. When material availability increases, we should see further improvement in our domestic manufacturing, which will support our recent product launches. For the period, our Global Ceramic segments sales increased 38% as reported and 34% on a constant basis. Adjusted margins expanded to 13.2% due to higher volume, productivity, pricing and mix improvements and fewer COVID disruptions partially offset by inflation. Our ceramic businesses around the world have greatly improved, with strength in the residential channel and increasing commercial sales. All of them have low inventories, which impacted our sales growth and service levels. We have initiated expansion plans to increase our capacity and mix in Mexico, Brazil, Russia and Europe. Our ceramic businesses continue to raise prices to cover material, energy and transportation inflation. Our U.S. ceramic business is strengthening, and we are implementing price increases to cover material and freight inflation. We are improving our product mix with new shapes, sizes and surface structures. We are reengineering our products to improve material cost and productivity. Our restructuring projects have been fully implemented and are growing the expected  providing the expected benefits. Our countertop sales and mix continued to improve as we expand our premium offer with new technologies. In the period, our mechanical failure temporarily reduced production, which has been repaired. We have initiated the expansion of our plant to further grow our countertop business. Our Mexican and Brazilian ceramic businesses are very strong, with our residential business in both regions at historically high levels and commercial still recovering. Due to capacity constraints, our facilities could not fulfill customer demand, so we are allocating our production. We have executed multiple price increases to offset energy and material inflation. We are expanding operations in Mexico this quarter, and we have initiated new investments to increase capacity in Brazil. Our European ceramic business delivered strong sales and profitability as pricing, product mix and productivity improved our margins. We increased sales of our premium products, including slabs, small sizes, outdoor and antibacterial collections. Commercial sales trends are starting to improve though they remain below historical levels. We are selectively increasing prices to recover material, energy and freight inflation. During the period, our operations ran at high levels with improved efficiencies and increased throughputs. We continued to rationalize low-volume SKUs to optimize our operations. To support our sales of high-end collections, we have initiated expansion projects some of which will take through next year to complete. Our ceramic sales in Russia were robust across all channels with our direct sales to customers through our owned stores and new construction projects outperforming. We have announced price increases to cover rising inflation. During the period, our manufacturing operations ran at capacity to respond to accelerated sales with inventory remaining below historical levels. Due to present capacity limitations, we are focusing on optimizing our product mix. We have initiated expansion plans with new production expected in the second half of next year. Sales of our new sanitary ware products are expanding primarily through our owned and franchised retail stores as our manufacturing ramps up. With that, I'll return the call to Jeff.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. The global economy should continue to improve due to low interest rates, government stimulus and the success of COVID vaccines. Around the world, flooring sales trends remain favorable with residential remodeling and new construction at high levels and commercial projects strengthening. In the third period, we expect our strong sales to continue, with our typical seasonal slowing from the second quarter. We will expand the introduction of new products with additional features and increase our investments to enhance our future sales and mix. Material, energy and transportation inflation is expected to continue and will require further pricing actions to offset. Most of our facilities will operate at high utilization rates though ongoing material and local labor constraints will limit our production. Our Global Ceramic and Flooring Rest of the World segments will observe their European vacation schedules in the third quarter, which reduces production and increases costs in the period. In many countries, future government actions to contain COVID remain a risk and could impact our business. Given these factors, we anticipate our third quarter adjusted EPS to be between $3.71 and $3.81, excluding any restructuring charges. We entered this year with uncertainty about COVID, the economic recovery, home renovation and new construction. Our business is stronger than we had anticipated, and we are increasing investments to support additional growth and improve efficiencies. Longer term, housing sales and remodeling are expected to remain at a historical high level, apartment renovation should accelerate as rent deferment expires and investments in commercial projects should continue to strengthen. We are expanding our operations and introducing new innovations to maximize our results. Our balance sheet is strong, and we are exploring additional internal projects and acquisition opportunities. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Eric Bosshard: Good morning.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Eric Bosshard: Wondering  two things, first of all, in terms of the increased capital and the increased capacity investments that you talked about over the next 12 to 18 months, you've got some stuff that shows up at the end of this year. But in terms of product categories or regions, where you have the most conviction, where are you adding capacity?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We are adding capacity in the constrained parts of the business all over the world. So we're adding  our production has been  but at the same time, one other thing  we're still limited by constraints. So some of the limitations are labor and materials rather than capacity to fix to run it and then we also have the problems with the delayed products from imports. The $650 million that we're going to put in, the biggest pieces are in laminate, ceramic and countertops, but there is a number of other areas that they include. And when you get through that, the capital forecast for this year is being raised to $700 million and $450 million of the $600 million will be in next years.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. That's helpful. And then secondly, in terms of the third quarter, the earnings guidance is helpful. Just wondering if you could help us at all in terms of the sales guidance, your commentary of typical seasonal slowing, does that suggest that we should look at 3Q revenues relative to 2Q revenues to reflect the normal 2Q to 3Q step down? Or is there something that would change the way that that path has traveled historically?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: In the third quarter we expect sales trends to continue from the second quarter. The operations will still run strong. We're assuming the business in residential keep going with commercial improvement. The European  the non-U.S. business, especially Europe always slow with a normal holiday period as we go through. And you might not know, but some of the non-U.S. businesses over time have become a larger part of our results and the holidays have become a bigger impact over many years as we keep expanding outside the U.S. And with that we still have material supply, labor, transportation that all are constrained with business. We don't think the pricing actions we have are enough. Our inflation keeps coming. So we expect to keep putting in more increases in prices in it. And then just to try to  other things, as you think of the third quarter, what you have is manufacturing costs in the United States are impacted by holiday in the July 4, which is in the third quarter rather than second. You have the holidays, which impacts not only the cost [indiscernible] operating, but the sales also drop off as we go through. So that  I mean that's the biggest pieces of it, best I can lay out for you.
Eric Bosshard: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Dahl: All right. Thanks for taking my questions. Jeff, first question, I wanted to follow-up on the CapEx and just clarify, I think you said $450 million of the $600 million. I don't know if you meant $450 million of the $650 million, but just trying to figure out that. Next, I guess the question would be when you look out to 2022 between the carryover from these new investments and your normal CapEx. How should we be thinking about CapEx in 2022? And to the point about not all of these constraints are physical capacity, some of its labor, some of its materials. I guess, CapEx is a very long-term decision, and these are potentially in some cases temporary constraints or even temporary demand tailwinds. How do you think about that balance and the conviction to add the capacity?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The pieces that are temporary constraints, we're not increasing those. We are leaving those alone. The things that we are increasing, the things that we have, exceeded our capacity. What happened is, this year the sales are much higher than we anticipated coming into the year. So with that, we hadn't planned on having the capacity to support the growth that we're having this year. And so to get to the money, first is the $650 million is in addition to the capital that we had in the plan for this year. So this year, the capital before was around $550 million, if I remember.
James Brunk: Yes, that's correct.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So I'm not sure Ive got the number exactly right, but it was around $550 million. Of the $650 million that will raise this year to $700 million and then approximately about $450 million of that of the $600 million will go over to next year. And then we're going to go through our final planning in the rest half of this year, we haven't finalized the budget for next year yet. So we'll have to decide what we're going to add more or less than we've already done as we go through. And again, just all through the original presentation we made, we tried to lay out for you the different pieces. The ceramic businesses in Mexico, Brazil, Russia, Europe are all being increased. We have the laminate businesses in the United States and Russia, I mean, Europe are all being increased. The countertop business is being increased in the United States. And there's a number of other ones that are here. So we're putting the business in shape to grow more in the future and support what's going on in the world.
Michael Dahl: Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks for the additional detail. My second question, just back on the price cost. I guess your comments that the current pricing actions aren't quite enough given the escalation and costs and you're implementing more pricing. How should we think about the lag and what's embedded in guidance? Do you assume that will be price cost negative in 3Q before a catch-up in 4Q? Will you stay ahead of costs in 3Q or is it neutral? Just a little more color on kind of order of magnitude of cost and whether or when you'll be back to price cost neutral or positive?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, let's start out with the second quarter. We were able to cover the inflation, which you'll see in the numbers that he publishes later. Weve raised prices across the business. We keep announcing new increases. Our energy, materials, freight continue to rise. We don't know where it's going. Every week we wake up with new increases, so we'll keep adjusting as required as we go through. And so we think we've announced enough for what we know about at this point, and the timing of them and how they work together. We put all that into the estimate that we think we're going to get them close. And then with a mix thing, you do see as we raise prices in the marketplace, some customers in both residential and commercial have budgets  and have budgets. They start trading down looking for something that stays in the budget. So that's just a normal process that occurs in all of this.
Michael Dahl: Okay. Thanks, Jeff. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Baumgarten with Zelman. Your line is open.
Adam Baumgarten: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Adam Baumgarten: Just maybe touching on the laminate business. It appears there's been a really kind of meaningful surge in demand there over the last  it seems like year or so. How much of that is due to some of the technological advances that you've seen and how much of that is due to maybe shortages in LVT supply?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let's start out with first. What happened is you had LVT growing dramatically. And one of the main features of it was waterproof. And what's happened is in the marketplace, there are multiple options. And if you go into retailers today, they start talking about waterproof flooring as the category and they start showing products of which our laminate with the technologies we have is a good or better alternative to many other ones in the waterproof category. So that's causing it to grow. It's also been growing and going into different channels, it's being used. If you watch any television shows, the remodeling pieces, they are using the laminate and remodeling in new houses today, which they buy at a much higher rate than it had in the past. And then separate from all of that, we really do have unique technologies that give us differentiated features and visuals that separate our products from the market, and we have a much higher portion of the premium market because of it, other than the U.S. and Europe.
James Brunk: Which is the reason why we're adding the capacity at the end of this year in the U.S and that's why we had a plan as part of the $650 million that Jeff talked about both in the U.S. and in Europe in the future years.
Adam Baumgarten: Got it. Thanks. And then just on that mix down comments you made Jeff, are you seeing it more pronounced in certain categories over others?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It's hard to tell. I mean, it's not moving around and some people just have budgets and they trade down. In other cases, if you've seen the same thing and people buy homes, the remodeling part of the business tends to be a higher value customer in new construction, whether mass building home and then the apartments are lower. So there is all kinds of mixed changes going on.
Adam Baumgarten: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. My first question is, Jeff, I know you gave some third quarter guidance in your comments. But can you help us think about how the third quarter versus the fourth quarter may come together this year just given the comps that we're facing and some of the seasonality that you talked about in the business. Any kind of color or guidance there for the next few quarters would be helpful.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So again, in the third quarter, we do expect the same sales trends to continue. Operations are running again at the high levels. With all the constraints, we don't know how they're going to happen in the third quarter, we built in our best guesses of supply and labor and transportation. But it's a moving target. As you go from there into the fourth quarter, it is typically softer. As people go into the holidays, they don't tend to buy as much flooring during Christmas. And then this year we have 6% less days and a 6% less days will impact the sales and the margins as we lose the absorption from the lower days in the period. Then this year versus last year and this is a guess, because we don't know what's going to happen. We're expecting at this point a more normal seasonality with more increased vacations people taking with lower holiday spending on remodeling and reduced utilization of the plants. But we're going to have to see how it happens at the end of the year compared to last year when we had the rebound that we did. But its difficult to predict at this point.  And then we're also  as we get into the end of the year, last year, we constrained the new products dramatically, and now we're going to invest more in new products and sales in order to enhance next year.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's very helpful color. Thank you. My follow-up question is, in the last few quarters, you have purchased about $400 million or almost $400 million of your stock. When you think about the capital allocation on the increased spend on capacity that you announced today, where do buybacks kind of fall within that? What's your appetite to continue buying back the stock at these levels?
James Brunk: Well, given our balance sheet, we have a lot of options. And at the moment, we bought $140 million last quarter. I think we have about $170 million still open on the acquisition, but the primary pieces are where we started the constraint businesses and reducing costs, which is the $650 million. We'll do more of that when we finalize the plan for next year and the second half of this year to keep broadening the product offering innovation. We found a few bolt-on acquisitions. We'll see more of those. And then we're looking for other acquisitions to either step change the business or go under new markets or align product categories and then share facts, one of the options now. For the balance sheet, we can do more than one thing.
Susan Maklari: Okay. All right. Thank you for that. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Rehaut: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just wanted to clarify some of your earlier comments, Jeff, around how to think about the third quarter and you mentioned that you expect sales trends to continue, but at the same time, an increase in vacation time, particularly in Europe. I think there might be an ability to misinterpret those statements. If you say sales trends, it's a little bit more qualitative and maybe even on a year-over-year basis. But I think people are just trying to understand on an absolute dollar basis, are you suggesting that on an absolute dollar basis 3Q revenue should be similar to 2Q or indeed as I think youre trying to say at least in Global Ceramic and Flooring Rest of the World, we should be modeling in some type of sequential dollar decline due to the vacations.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think what's confusing is I say the sales trends are continuing, which means I believe the business has the same strength that will go like that. The second part is there is a seasonality, which I'm not sure all of  everyone understands, our European businesses  European and non-U.S. businesses become a much larger part of our business. They impact the business more today than they did five years ago or before because of the acquisitions and enhancements of the business we've done. So when they stepped down their whole category steps down, which will reduce the sales level and total from the third quarter and have a negative impact on the sales and margins, and it will be lower because of it as it has been in prior years. And it's not the business changing, it's the normal seasonality. Now separate from that, last year was also unusual. And what happened last year with COVID, we and our plants and our facilities and our customers, we shutdown a lot in the second quarter. And what happened is many of the people  we have the people taking their vacations in the second quarter. So when the business started getting better in the third quarter, we didn't do the normal shutdowns because we use the vacation phase and things in the second quarter. And then the same thing happened. People didn't go on vacations like they did. So the third quarter was unusually high because the whole vacation structure of our production, our customers, vacations for people was different. So the comparison is unusual in this third quarter last year, the third quarter of this year. 
Michael Rehaut: Okay. I think I understand. The second question, I just wanted to circle back also and clarify a little bit to the best possible on the CapEx outlook for 2022. It sounds like you're basically saying that of the $650 million, $450 million is expected next year. So you're doing roughly $200 million of that this year. So that's a delta of another $250 million higher sequentially year-to-year. Are we either take from that, that the total CapEx all-in should be something closer to $900 million to $1 billion? Jim, I don't know a better way to answer this is just kind of reviewing with us your basic maintenance CapEx, but I think we're looking at a decent range of outcome I think at least as people are trying to figure this out. So any type of better range would be helpful.
James Brunk: You understand when we told you. The plan next year  what we did this year, we stopped in the middle of the year and said, this is not as we have planned. And we can't wait until our normal planning period in order to start changing the capacities to support our business. So we took everybody and we identify the things that we knew we wanted to do and what I hadn't did it. We still have to go through the planning process to decide what we want to do more than that next year and we haven't done it. There is the normal maintenance and safety, which is typically, call it around $200 million, it could be more or less. And then on top of that, we haven't decided yet, so we can't give any direction.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. One last clarification on the tax rate, if I could. You guided to 21.5% to 22.5%, does that include the benefit in the second quarter because that would kind of point you to a mid-20s tax rate or does it exclude that benefit?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Excludes that benefit, so the non-GAAP rate in Q2 was 22.5%, the full-year is the 21.5% to 22.5%. I would expect based on seasonality of the tax rate for Q3 to be slightly higher than Q4.
Michael Rehaut: Great. Thank you.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with Truist. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. You had talked in the release about second quarter being a record quarter, which is correct. If you look within Flooring North America, your revenues are bad are at slightly above the 2017, but margins are still below. Just my question is what's the difference first then? What do you need to do to get those back up to the historic peaks and operating margin?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The margins did improve, as you said, from volume pricing and costs. The things that are going on, so now the  in the peak period, we had commercial sales, which are higher. We didn't have all this inflation we're fighting now. We didn't have labor shortages. We didn't have material shortages. We are running short runs in the factories trying to keep the service as well as we can, which is causing [indiscernible] the factories around creating inefficiencies as we go through. And in addition, in some of the markets, the competition is more fierce today than it was in.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore. Your line is open.
Stephen Kim: Thanks very much guys. Nice results. And appreciate the outlook here. The capacity expansion program, wanted to get a sense for how much of a sales opportunity you think that $650 million might offer you? And then, as it does come in over the next 12 to 18 months a lot of times there's some startup costs that come with that. And just want to make sure we're thinking about that modest offset properly. I remember just looking back from 2014 to 2017, you kind of ran $10 million to $15 million a year, not a lot. And I just wanted  I know you executed really well during that period of time. Just want to make  get a sense for what the offset might be as this capacity comes online, is that a reasonable range to be thinking about? 
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The $650 million will translate into somewhere around 6% to 7% of our total business sales, round numbers to give you a high level direction. And yes, there's always a start-up costs that come along with it. On the other hand, all of this is known technologies being put in existing facilities or existing businesses could be a building next door, not too far away. So we shouldn't have some of the learning curves that we had to pay for the other ones.
Stephen Kim: Yes. That's very helpful. Yes, it makes a lot of sense. When we talk about Flooring Rest of the World, obviously it's been a big contributor to the positive upside enterprises, we've been seeing  for about four quarters now, I think this business has been really the fastest grower. And I know this is an area that has many different business lines in it. I know you've called out a number of them. And I know that you've also added a lot of capacity there over the years. But the step-up that we've seen in the last four quarters is pretty significant. And so what I wanted to try to understand is do you attribute the step-up we've seen in sales, in Flooring Rest of the World excluding the impact of acquisitions, but just the actual step-up in organic. To be  the bringing on of certain capacity or certain business lines that were not there previously or do you see it as just post-COVID, there was a big surge in demand really pretty much across the business and your capacity was there waiting for it, and it just got still because of this generalized demand.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: As you said, the Rest of the World performance is strong. Sales and income are at high levels. The operations  most of the operations are running near capacity, which is helping our cost structures. Our product mix is improving from actions weve been taking one after the other to improve the mix. We are aggressively trying to raise prices to align with the pieces as we go through. Then you have different parts. So you go back to some of the investments we put in over the years. We put a new plant in Russia in sheet vinyl. Well, that plant is now running seven days a week. Two years ago  it started up a few years ago. We bought the Australian, New Zealand business. We've been putting efforts to change their product line, upgrade their product offering. They were just trying to get in hard surface. We have the hard surface business. We put in all kinds of new product offerings and pieces, and we're growing our share dramatically in hard surface in that marketplace. In sheet vinyl, we are the leader in sheet vinyl in the European market place. Most of our businesses in residential, it's doing well. We put a plant in Russia to make sheet vinyl, we talked about. And laminate, our laminate business we keep introducing new innovations. As we do that, we keep improving our mix. We also bought  when we bought IDC a few years ago, it's taken us a few years. They had a laminate business. We've been able to dramatically improve the sales and margins a bit over the years. The wood panel business that we have is running wide open. The margins are improving. It's at high level because there are shortages in wood panels. So it's at a high level. Our insulation business, we've put in multiple plants, we've acquired other ones. So we have a strong insulation business. And it's doing well, even though we're chasing really high chemical costs. So we're benefiting from a lot of things.
Stephen Kim: Yes. Really just sounds like the fulfillment of your longer-term plan that you've had there and then executing. As we go forward into the future, it seems like there's still a lot of growth opportunities for Flooring Rest of the World. Should we be expecting that segment to continue to outpace the other segments on a volume growth basis?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It's going to be hard to keep up the growth rates they've been at. Those are exceptional, what they're doing. We are investing in  the $650 million we're putting a new laminate line, which will add about $125 million to $150 million of new capacity in laminate. We keep investing in the other pieces. We're trying to grow it as much as we can. I don't think we can stay at the growth rates of that. And then one more thing in all the businesses is just to remember, commercial everywhere is low. Commercial is a higher margin business for us. And as the commercial business comes back, the margins in there are going to enhance the pieces and we have capacities that in some places only make commercial products.
Stephen Kim: Yes. Not for sure. Yes, we have that to look forward to. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research. Your line is open.
Brian Biros: Hey, its actually Brian on for Kathryn. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to start with  you mentioned that sales were significantly stronger than anticipated going into the quarter. I guess, is there any specific segment or product to call out here? Kind of is it a case that strong getting stronger? Or was there kind of more than expected momentum in areas that had previously been weaker, like say commercial?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I'm sure we're like everybody else in the world given what's going on with COVID and what's happening and then have the huge uptick of people staying at home, huge housing resales, projecting forward how strong it's going to be or not. We projected what we thought it would be coming into the quarter and it surprised us how strong it was and maintained itself in the United States and across the entire world. And the same thing going forward, estimating and we talk about it in the fourth quarter. We really don't know if the business will stay strong like last year or go back to historical ways and fall off. There's a big difference in what can happen depending on which we see and our crystal ball is no better than yours.
Brian Biros: I guess would you characterize it as the residential side was stronger than expected or the commercial or a combination of the two?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The residential is driving the whole thing, but commercial is improving quarter-to-quarter and picking up. And I think the commercial is probably a little bit better than we had expected, but we had anticipated to getting better.
Brian Biros: Okay. Understood. And I guess, second question. When I asked about labor, its labor shortages, and specifically on the installers, I guess we had a few of our contacts point to installers as their biggest concern for growth going forward. And how much of that is a concern for you guys, especially given the investments you're making to increase production? Understand, there's the demand level out there, but is there going to be the labor force at the installer level to support that growth in a year or two?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We sure hope so, but you have it right. Everybody has  listen, labor is a problem with every company and every industry. If we could ship twice as much to our customers, they couldn't install it. So you're correct. There is limitation in the whole stream as it goes through. But for the most part, they're installing everything that we can ship.
Brian Biros: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Philip Ng: Hey, congrats on a really strong quarter and great execution guys. Jeff, I guess, material shortages will certainly free up in time, so that will help. But you mentioned, you're sold out in certain products. So just curious how much headroom do you have for growth next year as you kind of ramp up some of this capacity?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It's different by different businesses and categories. As you said presently in some of the businesses labor is a major problem and others it's transportation. We actually have stuff and can't get it moved around to the customers fast enough. In other cases, we have imported products thats delaying it. We have capacity in some businesses  other businesses, pick one, Brazil, we're running wide open and were quoting dates, months out as an example. We're trying to improve our mix and we're trying to keep through passing the prices. But until we get the new capacity in the second half of next year, they're maxed out. And so we do have  that's an example of one. We have pieces like that. We have other ones that if we could get people to show up for work, that we could increase our production dramatically. These various ways of giving people money around in the U.S. is disincentivizing people. And sometimes when I get the checks that just don't show up for the next two days.
Philip Ng: Got it. That's super helpful. Jeff, I was curious to hear what you're seeing and hearing from your different channel partners. We've certainly seen the builders ran orders lately and we've seen some normalization of trends in retail. So curious how have orders patterns been tracking between these channels and when we look out, is it going to have an impact on mix?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let's go through the pieces. We see the housing sales continuing at high levels. I know there is ups and downs in it, but relative to historical, it should continue at high levels. The houses that were purchased over the last year, they're all in various stages of remodeling. When you buy a new home  an existing home, you typically don't remodel the whole thing that goes in stages. So that'll take a while to play out going forward. You have some things with policies with the government. People who haven't been paying their mortgages, at some point some of those houses are going to turn over and that's going to increase the remodeling sales somewhat. You have people in the rentals that haven't been paying rents, at some point some of those are going to change over and they're going to have to remodel them for the next people. You have the commercial parts of the business. Companies are getting more confident on that, and they're starting to invest more. It takes time to put it in a budget, its time to start them. There's a void for awhile on new construction that got stopped. So there's going to be a void until it comes back. And there's a lot of upside in it. And it's a more profitable business because the products are more unique and differentiated. So all the trends look good. As far as we can see them on the other side, short-term, we don't know if we have enough materials to run the place tomorrow in some cases. And so we wake up and the materials are supposed to come in and something happens and we just shut the plant down. You come in and we have  people just aren't showing up for work like they normally do. The people we're hiring, it's more difficult to train and it takes longer and there's more turnover. So there are huge amount of moving parts and we're managing them all, but it makes day-to-day in the short-term hard to predict.
Philip Ng: Got it. That's great color, Jeff. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Laura Champine: Thank you. Jeff, I really wanted to follow-up on the comments you just made. It seems like your inventories are tight in terms of units because of all these production complications. Do you have line of sight as to when you'll have your inventories in unit terms back where you want them and what's the plan to offset these production difficulties?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: First, we are struggling with the labor we talked about and the material flows. What we expect to happen doesn't happen. And so we're making as much as we can given those constraints. And we're taking actions that we can take to influence them as best we can. We need the inventories higher in order to hit the service levels as you said. If the demand stays high, there's a chance that given all these constraints, we won't be able to build much inventory until we hit the end of the year or could be further. And it depends on the constraints and the availability. On the other hand, if something happens and the materials come in faster and we can get people to operate the facilities, we could increase the outputs. On the other hand, there's a positive, we really can't tell how strong the demand is going to be. And in our earlier comments, you heard me make, we don't know whether the end of the fourth quarter is going to look like last year and stay strong or it's going to go back to the normal seasonality that we see. So we make plans month-to-month, and we keep changing them as they happen. And I can't give you a clear answer because that's the reality of what we're living in.
Laura Champine: Do you think that gross margins are sustainable given that you've taken a lot of pricing and that's got to be a tailwind, but you've probably given up some in productivity you've just mentioned? And how should we think about your gross margin trajectory into next year?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The goal is to improve the business at the topline and improve the margins as we go through. The margins this year will be up substantially with the higher demand and improved costs. The second quarter was a really high period because everything was running wide open. As we go out next year, we think it's going to improve, but it really depends on demand, material pricing and competitive environment, which is really hard to predict these days. We think we're going to do better, but putting everything in place to do better. We are improving our own internal things that are under our control. We're investing in new things. We are expanding our production, where everything is limited and we're doing the right thing to grow the business. And if we get a little help from the world, we could be in a really good position.
Laura Champine: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Truman Patterson with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Truman Patterson: Hey, good morning, and thanks for taking my question. First just wanted to touch on M&A. Could you all discuss the environment and the potential pipeline there? And could you just possibly balance these thoughts with the organic or the decision to invest in organic capital investments of the $650 million I imagine in the product categories you're expanding and just there's not a lot out there, but wanted to get your updated thoughts.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The two are really not related. The internal investments are where we see the trends of our business, what we think the demand is going to be our ability to sell it in a marketplace and that's the basis of our investments. The acquisitions, we're continuing to investigate opportunities. The conditions are improving. There is a little less options at the moment because people perceive them that the business improving valuations are high so it's a little bit more difficult in this environment. As we announced, we have agreements to acquire some smaller bolt-on businesses. We are ready to buy the other businesses if we can identify the right ones at the right valuation that we think are good for our long-term. And if you have any suggestions, call me.
Truman Patterson: Fair enough. Any key geographies or products?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It's more around  we get the most benefit out of the ones that are in our present geographies that we can leverage between the two. Those give us the most benefits. For a longer term, going into new geographies with the right group, gives us a base to go into that business and we can use as a growth proposition to go into new markets. And then the same thing with new products. If we can find the right products in the same geographies that are related to us, that tie-in with what we know and how we do it, we can leverage them. And then we're still considering at some point, we think we could add another leg to the business and go on to another product category at some point to keep growing the business. So we have the right talent, we have the people and have the money, we just have to find the right propositions.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Thanks for that. I'm just hoping on this next question that you can just give us either a tour around the world or your product portfolio. We're hearing a very strong pricing power and incremental price hikes in the channels. Just hoping you can maybe quantify some of that by product or geography.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The pricing, let me try to answer it generically. All of the businesses that we have are having dramatic increases in costs. Our competitors are in the same position as we are. We also have limited materials and our competitors also have those same problem. So the market competition is in a spot where everybody is pushing it through more aggressively, given those conditions across the world. And how long it's going to last like that? I can't say, but as long as the businesses like it is, that's what's enabling us to push through the pricing.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Thank you for that.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing remarks.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Business is in good shape. We think the conditions going forward are positive and we're trying to take advantage of the opportunities. We appreciate you listening and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Natalia, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, April 30, 2021. Thank you. I would now like to introduce your speaker, Mr. James Brunk. Mr. Brunk, you may begin your conference.
James Brunk: Thank you, Natalia. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor conference call. Joining me on today's call are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we'll update you on the company's first quarter results. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. Now I will turn the call over to Jeff for his opening remarks. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Jim. In the first quarter, we had all-time record sales of almost $2.7 billion, an increase of 17% as reported or 9% on a constant basis with adjusted operating income of $329 million, our highest ever first quarter EPS of $3.49. Our business continued to strengthen in the first quarter and did not reflect the industry's normal seasonality. Around the world, consumers are continuing to invest in their homes and new flooring plays a major role in most remodeling projects. We're also starting to see moderate improvement in commercial demand as global economies expand and businesses begin to invest in an anticipation of a return to normal. In most countries, construction is considered an essential business, so our sales have been less impacted by government restrictions. Those specific regions have interrupted our customers' businesses. Our Flooring Rest of World segment continues to outperform with strong residential sales of our flooring, improved mix from our premium products and less exposure to commercial channels. The segment benefited from lower marketing expenses, product mix and increased days, which resulted in a greater margin in the first quarter. Our other segments also performed well with strong growth in residential products and expanding operating margins, while their results were impacted by low commercial sales and severe storms in the United States. Market demand strengthened as the period progressed, and our order backlog remains robust going into the second quarter. Most of our businesses are running at high production rates, though inventories remain lower than we would like. Our production and operating costs were impacted in the period by supply limitations in many of our markets as well as absenteeism, new employee training and severe winter weather in the United States. Our margins have benefited from stronger consumer demand, our restructuring and productivity actions and leverage our SG&A costs. With increased prices in most product categories and geographies, reflecting inflation in raw materials, labor, energy and transportation. Global transportation capacity has been limited, increasing our cost and delaying receipt of our imported products. We've seen similar constraints on local shipments and are increasing our freight rates to respond. The investments we made in our U.S. trucking fleet and local delivery systems have enabled us to provide our customers with more consistent service while improving our efficiencies. Even with COVID surges in some markets, we anticipate continued strengthening of economies around the world. Government actions and monetary policies are stimulating higher economic growth rates and stronger housing markets, and vaccination program should reduce the risk of COVID related disruptions. Recent U.S. stimulus actions as well as proposed infrastructure spending should further expand economic growth and employment level. Though government investments are lower than in the U.S. Other countries are beginning to see their economies expand, which should support ongoing demand in our product categories. We continue to implement our restructuring plans, which have achieved $75 million of our anticipated $100 million to $110 million in savings. The balance of the savings will be spread over the next three quarters as specific projects are completed. In the first quarter, we purchased $123 million of our stock at an average price of $179 for a total of $686 million since we initiated our purchasing program. Our balance sheet remains strong with net debt less short-term investments of $1.3 billion. Our leverage is now below onetime adjusted EBITDA. Given our higher sales and operating levels, we are reviewing additional investment opportunities to expand our business and capacity. Jim will you review the first quarter financials.
James Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. Sales in Q1 2021 were $2,669 billion. That's a 17% increase as reported and 9% on a constant basis. All segments showed positive volume growth with Flooring Rest of the World being the strongest. As a reminder, Q1 had three additional shipping days and Q4 will have four fewer days. Gross margin was 29.7% as reported or 30.1% excluding charges, increasing from 27.5% in the prior year. The year-over-year increase was driven primarily by higher volume and productivity, greater manufacturing uptime, improved price mix and favorable FX, partially offset by increased inflation. The actual detailed amounts of these items will be included in the MD&A section of our 10-Q, which will be filed later today. SG&A, as reported, was 17. 8% or 17.7% versus 20.3% in the prior year, both excluding charges, as we saw strong leverage on the increased volume and productivity actions, partially offset by inflation in FX. Gives us an operating income, as reported, of 11.9% of sales. Restructuring charges for the quarter were $11 million, and our savings, as Jeff said, are on track as we have recorded approximately $75 million of the plan. Operating margin excluding charges of 12.3%, improving from 7.2% in the prior year or 510 basis points. Similar to gross margin, the increase was driven by stronger volume productivity actions, improved price/mix and FX, greater manufacturing uptime, partially offset by the increased inflation. Interest expense of $15 million includes the full impact of the 2020 bond offerings. Other income of $2 million, mainly the result of favorable transactional FX. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 22% versus 20% in the prior year, and we expect the full year to be 21.5% to 22.5%. Giving us an earnings per share as reported of $3.36 or excluding charges, $3.49, which is 110% improvement versus prior year. Now turning to the segments. Global Ceramic had sales of $930 million, a 10% increase as reported, or approximately 5% on a constant basis with strong geographic growth, especially in Brazil, Mexico and Russia, while the U.S. was unfavorably impacted by the February ice storm. Operating income, excluding charges of 9.6%, that's up 400 basis points versus prior year, and this improvement was from strengthening volume and price/mix increased manufacturing uptime and productivity, partially offset by unfavorable inflation. In Flooring North America, sales of $969 million or a 14% increase as reported or 9% on a constant basis, driven by strong residential demand with commercial beginning to recover from its trough. Operating income excluding charges of 9.3%, that's an increase of 410 basis points versus prior year. The improvement similar to global ceramic was driven by increased volume and productivity, less temporary shutdowns, partially offset by higher inflation. And finally, Flooring Rest of the World with sales of $770 million. That's an increase of 31% as reported or 15% on a constant basis as our focus on the residential channel drove improvement across product -- all our product groups led by laminate, LVT and soft surface business in Australia and New Zealand. The operating margin excluding charges of 20.9%, an increase of 740 basis points versus prior year, driven by the higher volume, favorable impact of price/mix and productivity, partially offset by the increase in inflation. Corporate and eliminations came in at $11 million, and I expect for the full year 2021 to be approximately $40 million to $45 million. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments are approximately $1.3 billion, with free cash flow in the quarter of $145 million. Receivables at just over $1. 8 billion, giving us a DSO improvement to 54. 4 days versus 57 days in the prior year. Inventories were just shy of $2 billion. That's a decrease of approximately $200 million or 9% from the prior year, with the marginal sequential increase of 4% from Q4 or approximately $80 million. Inventory days remained historically low at 105.5 days versus almost 130 in the prior year. Property plant equipment just over $4.4 billion with CapEx for the quarter of $115 million versus D&A of $151 million. Full year CapEx is currently estimated at $620 million with us reevaluating our plan, and we will most likely see an increase from that level. Full year D&A is projected to be $583 million. And lastly, the overall balance sheet and cash flow remained very strong with gross debt of $2.7 billion. As I said, total cash and short-term investments of over $1.3 billion, giving us a leverage of 0.9 times adjusted EBITDA. And with that, I'll turn it over to Chris for an operational overview of our first quarter. Chris?
Chris Wellborn: Thank you, Jim. First quarter sales of our Flooring Rest of World segment increased 31% as reported or 15% on a constant basis, exceeding our expectations. Sales across all our product categories and geographies were strong as housing and residential renovation continued at a brisk pace. Margins expanded over last year to approximately 21% due to higher volume, favorable price and mix and positive leverage on SG&A, partially offset by inflation. During the period, most of our facilities ran at high levels, though some supply constraints limited our utilization. At this point, we anticipate some material shortages continuing into the second quarter. Our backlog has increased as customer inventories remain low. We have raised prices across all product categories and have announced additional increases where material inflation has continued to expand. Our laminate business, the segment's largest product category continues to record significant growth as consumers embrace our more realistic visuals and superior performance. Our leadership in premium laminate products and our higher volumes drove improved margins during the period. Our unique manufacturing methods create proprietary products that cannot be duplicated. Our next-generation laminate technology provides premium wood consumers with features that exceed traditional wood in beauty and durability. In the second quarter, we are installing additional manufacturing assets to support future growth. During the period, our LVT sales rose substantially with significant growth in rigid LVT. Our margins expanded from enhanced formulations and operational improvements that increased our production speeds. In the period, our sales were restricted by material supply disruptions that caused unscheduled shutdowns. We anticipate continued improvement in our operations as the material supply normalizes and production increases to expand our new rigid LVT collections. Our sheet vinyl sales were limited in the period by COVID lockdowns of our retailers in Europe. We anticipate sheet vinyl sales improving as government restrictions are lifted and our customers reopen their shops. Our Russian sheet vinyl business continues to expand rapidly as we broaden our customer base and product offering. We have initiated a third shift at the plant to support higher sales volumes. Our insulation business continues to grow as our panels provide the best option for energy conservation. Sales growth was robust in most of our geographies, though COVID restrictions in Ireland impacted our plant operations and results. Chemical supply problems have limited our production and dramatically increased our costs. We have announced our third price increase to offset the continued inflation and chemical shortages are expected to last through the second quarter. Our wood panels business delivered improved performance with our plant running full and operating margins expanding. As market demand for panels grows, we are allocating our production. We improved our mix during the period with increased sales of our higher-value decorative products and mezzanine floors. We're installing a new melamine press to expand production of our higher-value products and increased efficiencies. Our new plant that uses waste to create energy for the facilities is operating well and benefiting our results. Sales in both Australia and New Zealand increased significantly and margins expanded due to higher volume, improved productivity and favorable price mix, partially offset by inflation. Sales grew in soft and hard surfaces with a strong residential performance driven by high levels of remodeling and a solid housing market. Our updated carpet collections and SmartStrand and Wolf have enhanced our sales and mix. We increased our sales by leveraging our comprehensive soft and hard service collections, strong sales organization, and industry-leading service. The commercial performance was stronger, primarily driven by projects that were postponed. For the period, our Flooring North America sales increased 14% as reported or 9% on a constant basis. Adjusted margins expanded to 9% due to higher volume, productivity gains and mix improvements, partially offset by inflation. Our performance was seasonally stronger than historical first quarters with consumers increasing investments in residential remodeling and new construction. Our commercial business continued to improve sequentially from its trough with growing investments in new projects. Our order rates remain strong and our backlog is higher than normal. We have increased prices as a material and transportation costs have escalated and we'll adjust further as required. All of our operations are maximizing their output to support higher sales and improve our service. In the period, we managed through interference from labor shortages and supply constraints, which impacted our production levels. Our inventories and service levels have also been impacted by delayed shipment of our imported products due to bottlenecks in ocean freight. We are continuing to execute our restructuring initiatives, which will provide ongoing benefit to our results as they are completed this year. Our residential carpet sales improved as consumers desire more comfortable, quieter spaces in their homes. Retail remodeling was our strongest channel, improving our mix through increased sales of our premium products. We are expanding our proprietary SmartStrand franchise with new collections that offer superior design and performance. We have significantly reduced operational complexity by simplifying our yarn and product strategies and reducing low-volume SKUs. So that our workforce to meet higher market demand, we have implemented extensive training processes and are relocating assets to increase production where necessary. Our commercial sales are recovering as business remodeling increases along with the economic improvement. We are also seeing increasing volume of higher-value products as larger specified projects are commencing. The April Architectural Billing Index reflects the highest level of project inquiries since 2019. We have increased carpet tile production in anticipation of the commercial markets improving. In our commercial LVT business, we are managing supply limitations and import delays. Our laminate sales are setting records as the appeal of our realistic visuals and waterproof performance expands across all channels. Through numerous process improvements, we have significantly increased our domestic production and are supplementing it with imports from our global operations. We are installing additional production at the end of this year to further expand our sales. Our new line will also produce the next generation of Redwood, which is already being well accepted by European consumers. We have completed upgrades and streamlined our MDF board facility to enhance our volume and cost. We are ramping up production of our premium ultra wood, the first waterproof natural wood flooring that also features industry-leading scratch, dent and fade resistance. Ultra wood is being well received as a superior alternative to traditional engineered wood flooring. Our LVT and sheet vinyl sales continue to increase in the new construction and residential retail channels. We are upgrading our LVT offering with enhanced visuals unique water type joints and improved stain and scratch resistance. Our local manufacturing has continued its improvement and production output increased as we implemented processes similar to those proven to work in our European operations. Our service has been impacted by material supply disruptions in the U.S. and delays in shipments of sourced products. We anticipate our supply will increase and we will see further improvements in our domestic offering and production output. In the quarter, our Global Ceramic sales rose 10% as reported and 5% on a constant basis, with sales increases in each of our markets, driven by growth in residential remodeling and new construction. The segment's adjusted margin expanded to approximately 10% due to volume, price, mix and productivity gains, partially offset by inflation. Our Russian, Brazilian and Mexican ceramic businesses delivered strong results though they were limited by their capacities and are allocating production as necessary. All of our businesses are facing rising material, energy and transportation costs, and we have taken pricing actions to offset. Our U.S. ceramic residential sales grew from remodeling and new construction and commercial sales are improving from their low levels. Our strongest growth was in new residential construction, and we are seeing activity strengthen with contractors at our service centers. We are introducing higher-value products, including polished, mosaic, decorative wall and antimicrobial collections to improve our mix. We are focusing on the fastest-growing channels and implementing advanced technologies to make doing business with us faster, easier and more profitable for our customers. Across the business, our plants are running at higher levels, and we have increased our productivity with our restructuring actions. Escalating freight costs have hurt our margins, and we are raising prices to offset. Our quartz plant is improving its productivity, and we are introducing more sophisticated bank collections, which are increasing our mix and should enhance our margins. In the period, the ice storm that hit the Southwest temporarily stopped production at most of our manufacturing facilities by interrupting our electricity and natural gas supply. The facilities have all recovered and are operating as expected, improving our service. Our European ceramic business delivered a strong performance in the quarter, risk productivity, improving mix and greater consumer demand. Sales grew substantially in Southern Europe and in our export markets, led by a robust residential business and with some improvement in commercial projects. Our operations are running at high rates to satisfy the greater demand and improve service, leveraging our cost and enhancing our results. We are increasing our production levels through improvements in our processes and equipment as well as optimizing product flows to support growth and enhance our mix. Our ceramic businesses in Mexico, Brazil and Russia are all benefiting from lower interest rates and expanded credit, which are driving greater home remodeling and housing sales. In all three businesses, our order backlog is high, and we are allocating production as necessary. We have streamlined our product offering and enhanced our planning strategies to optimize service. Our inventory levels are low, and we are maximizing our output by enhancing our manufacturing and scheduling processes. In Brazil and Mexico, we are increasing capacity this year to improve our sales and mix. In Russia, we are optimizing our tile production and ramping up our new premium sanitary ware plant to meet growing demand. Sanitary Ware complements our floor and wall tile offering and allows our owned and franchised stores to provide a more complete solution to satisfy our customer needs. Given higher market demand and our increased sales, we are reviewing the expansion of our ceramic capacities. With that, I'll return the call to Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Chris. As we progress through the year, we anticipate that historically low interest rates, government actions and fewer pandemic restrictions should improve our markets around the world, which we see the present robust residential trends continuing with commercial sales slowly improving in the second period. Across the enterprise, we will increase product introduction to provide additional features to strengthen our offering and margins. We're enhancing our manufacturing operations to increase our volume and efficiencies while executing our ongoing cost savings programs. Our suppliers indicate that material availability should improve from the first quarter though some operations could still face supply constraints. We are managing challenging labor markets in some of our U.S. communities and supplemental federal unemployment programs could interfere with staffing to maximize those operations. If raw materials, energy and transportation costs continue to rise, further price increases could be required around the world. Given these factors, we anticipate our second quarter adjusted EPS to be $3.57 to $3. 67 excluding any restructuring charges. Currently, our strong backorder -- backlog reflects the escalated levels of residential demand across the globe. We're introducing new product innovations to enhance our offering and optimizing our production to improve our service. We're preparing for an improvement in commercial projects, anticipating an economic expansion and a return to normal business investments. With strong liquidity and historically low leverage, we will increase our capital investments and take advantage of opportunities to expand. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Keith Hughes with Truist.
Keith Hughes: I know you don't normally like to talk about the one quarter ahead, but we kind of an unusual period, something I'd give it a try and can [indiscernible]. Do you anticipate despite some more difficult comps, increased volume and products year-over-year? And also in margins, given you got even tougher margin comps, do you think you'll be able to push the ball forward on margins in the second half?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, I can give you some qualitative views of things. We've already provided the second quarter guidance in which we believe the present trends will continue into the second quarter. And the second quarter also included the expected supply limitations that are going on. We're raising our prices, and we expect to run all the facilities at high rates. As you look into the second half, the third quarter, we think residential sales will continue to remain good. We think commercial demand will improve. Our production rates should continue to increase. Those sales in some areas could be constrained by capacity or supply that we talked about a few minutes ago. Last year, just to remind you, that market strengthened as it went in, it will make the comps higher in the third quarter. Also remember, in Europe, people take summer vacations in the third period, and it impacts both our resident -- both our Rest of World and ceramic segments, sales and margins as historical. Sales could also be impacted by changing consumer behavior or other government actions with COVID. As you go into the fourth quarter, remember, we have 6 fewer days than last year, and we do expect more normal seasonality this year and production levels that occurred last year. For the full year, if you look at it, we expect strong improvement in sales and income. We see SG&A being leveraged and operational improvements also helping our margins. With the higher growth, we are evaluating -- raising the capital investments for both this year and next, and we're in the process of thinking it through. And the tax rate, as we said, will go up from last year to about 21. 5% to 22.5%. That is it.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Then just final question. You talked a lot about your laminate growth. I believe you used the phrase, record setting in the release. That growth in a minute, is that taking share from other laminate producers? Or is this a case where it's actually making a dent on LVT or other product sales?
James Brunk: Keith, the market has become a clickable flooring market with LVT, laminate and wood alternatives. Our laminate is waterproof with better features and is expanding in all channels, and we're importing laminate from other plants and adding capacity to satisfy.
Keith Hughes: So would that be -- it's just an applicable share gain? Is that a way to say?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's really that people are looking at -- they go into the stores and they see them all, and they're being presented all as the same as alternatives. Now the other part that's happening is we focus on the premium part. So we have a waterproof story that's equal with LVT. And the visuals and things are equally -- are better than the other products that they're offered. So it's really growing category, the category is improving and then premium laminate is really being expanded, and we're really limited by our capacity. This year, we've substantially increased our production in the U.S. plants, and we're importing products from plants around the world, and we still can't satisfy the growth. By the end of the year, we'll have a new line that will be up and running, which will give us a lot more production.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies
Phil Ng: Jeff, I guess, bigger picture, after seeing pretty noticeable declines in carpet for the last few years, it looks like you saw a really strong growth and the participated with the strength you're seeing in R&R and new construction. If we look out to 2022 and let's say, if we see a mid-single-digit growth environment for R&R, for example, what type of growth could you see carpet and ceramic putting up?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think what you're seeing is the whole category of flooring increasing. And so all the categories are growing is that I still think that the carpet will lose share, but it's in a much higher growth market, which is cause. But the other side, we still have the whole commercial carpet business, which is really at low levels. And as it picks up, we have higher margins in it because they're more differentiated products, and that's going to help as we go forward both in and as well as the ceramic categories as you go through.
Phil Ng: Got it. That's really helpful. Based on your 2Q guidance, it looks like your margin is holding up pretty well. And certainly, you've been really proactive on pricing and may go out with more price increases. Based on what you have out there and the traction you're seeing, do you feel pretty good that pricing alone should like fully offset inflation this year? And do you envision any, at least, timing mismatches throughout the year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, we're doing everything we can to keep it aligned. And as you know, the materials, energy and transportation continue to rise, they're flowing through inventory, and we're raising prices as we see it. We're having to react to the changing prices in our supply base. Every month, we get a different view of it than we had the month before. We are trying to push through price increases to align with it. And so far, it looks like we're doing reasonably well with that. Some products, we've actually increased 3x already is that -- and all we can do is keep reviewing what's going on and keep making adjustments.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. .
Susan Maklari: My first question is around the LVT facility in the U.S. Can you give us some update on how that's coming through and how that's expected to kind of add to this demand that you're seeing there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. So just to put a start out, the European operations are operating well and continue to improve our cost and margins. We have people in the United States over there on a continuous from Europe and they're implementing the demonstrated processes that we have there, and we're improving our speeds and yields. Has been disrupted both in the U. S. and Europe at the moment, the PVC supply is limited both in the U.S. and in Europe. And we expect it to get better, but it's causing us not to run the plants to optimize them at this minute.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's helpful. And then as a follow-up, you've obviously been making progress in terms of a lot of the cost-cutting and productivity initiatives that you set out last year. Can you give us some more color on where you are with that? And how we should be thinking about that flowing through for the second quarter? And then in the back half of the year as well, especially as we anniversary some of that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Okay, Susan. So we have made significant progress. As we said, we've seen about $75 million of the $100 million and $110 million that we had planned, starting to see that impact, favorably impact our cost and margins. We'll complete as we go through the balance of the year, I would expect that Q2 would have the most anniversary those restructuring actions from Q2 2020. And so if you look at the additive savings of somewhere between $25 million and $35 million. Those are included in our full year projections.
James Brunk: Just remember that the $75 million is embedded in last -- in the prior quarters, so the comparisons already have it embedded in it the first $75 million.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tim Wojs with Baird.
Tim Wojs: Yes. everybody. Maybe just a first question is how you're thinking about investments? And SG&A has run a little bit lower than sales over the last couple of quarters. And so just as you think over the next 12 to 18 months, where are some of the biggest opportunities for you guys to bring some SG&A investment back into the business?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You're right with the SG&A, it's been lower. We're going to have to start increasing the SG&A, but with the top line growth, the goal is to grow the SG&A lower than the growth rate at the top, so we get leverage out of it and still satisfy the need to bring new products to market and at the same time, to support the expanding sales on the top.
Tim Wojs: Okay. Okay. So you'll bring some back but be able to leverage it. Okay. And then just on the M&A environment, I mean your balance sheet is probably in the best shape it's been in years. Can you just give us an update on the M&A environment and kind of how that's progressing, if there's any sort of opportunities out there for you to take advantage of?
Jeff Lorberbaum: As you said, the balance sheet is in good position with the ability to invest significant amounts of money. We're looking for the right opportunities at the right prices to make sure that we can get the return to the need over time. And you never know when those things are going to get through an agreement it takes a while. But there are things available and we're talking to the people.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI.
Stephen Kim: Historically, Jim, you guys have given the sort of the breakout input cost, volume, productivity in terms of the benefits of operating income. I was curious if you were able to give us the rundown on that.
James Brunk: Well as I said, Stephen, you'll get it in our MD&A because we will file our 10-Q later today, but was there one specific one that you were looking for?
Stephen Kim: No, that's okay. We just -- no, that's fine. Well, I guess we'll have to wait. That's fine. Let me then ask you a question, if I could, about your comment about making potentially more capital investments that you're evaluating some opportunities. I was curious if you could give us a hand at which segments you're evaluating the most opportunities in. And related to that, in laminate, you talked about just a tremendous amount of demand in North America, where you're expanding capacity already. How much are you expanding that capacity both in North America and Europe? And are you confident at this point that it's enough?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's see if I can answer that one. To start on with the businesses, the pieces that have the most limitations right now would be U.S. laminate, our European board businesses and our ceramic businesses outside the U.S. and Europe, would be the ones that are the most constrained at this point. We have new capacity coming in this year to add to both the U.S. and European laminate. In the U.S., I think it's around $130 million, $140 million of additional capacity. I don't remember the number in Europe. We have new equipment coming in to both Brazil and Mexican operations in ceramic, and we have a lot of ongoing optimization in our LVT production, which will increase it. And there's other things in that, but those are the big ones.
Stephen Kim: And then lastly for me is just margins. You mentioned that 1Q was a bit of an unusual quarter seasonally. And a lot of those things, I would imagine, benefited your margins in 1Q. Usually, margins rise sequentially into 2Q. And I'm wondering if you think that, that is expected to happen again this year? Or would you potentially see margins down just because of some unusual seasonality that's happening this year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You're right, quarter one was seasonally stronger, which does temper the increase as you go through. The Flooring Rest of the World, which we said, the first quarter margin was positively affected by product mix, lower marketing expenses and increased days. So that one is going to -- that was -- that one is not going to stay at those levels. And then we have the First quarter, remember, this year has 5% more days. So when you think about the historic relationship, the second quarter usually has more days in the first quarter. This year, it's going to reverse. So it changes the relationship. So you have to keep all that in perspective when you're looking at the trend line.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard: You talked about relative to your original expectations for the quarter, the rest of the world was better, you didn't totally characterize the Flooring North American ceramic. What I'm curious about is within those two businesses, anything that notably limited the growth of those in the quarter that changes and the growth can accelerate in the coming quarters?
Chris Wellborn: I can speak to U.S. ceramic. The U.S. ceramic was stronger in residential while our commercial is just starting to improve. And then in the first quarter, we were negatively impacted by the storm, which interrupted electricity and gas supply, and we estimate at least $15 million to $20 million sales impact. Our margins improve with productivity and restructuring, and we're raising prices to offset transportation going forward.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In the other North American businesses, we did have limitations on the availability of the product to satisfy the pieces you heard about the laminate we've been trying to do. The LVT was also impacted by lack of supply of PVC to run the plants is hard. The imported products are all coming in late. So we lost sales on those as we go through. And then in the carpet manufacturing, in some of the markets, we're having trouble finding the labor to run the plant. So our raw materials and some of our production has been limited by labor, but we're trying to do everything we can to improve that, which includes training program on 1 side, and we've actually picked up and moved some equipment from 1 local market to another plant to have more labor availability. So all those things impacted it. And we've built that all into the projection in the second quarter. On the other hand, we still believe we're going to have supply limitations, the chemicals coming out of the Texas area all in limited supply we don't know exactly how we think the supply is going to get better, but we'll have to see how it goes.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. That's helpful. And then secondly, just curious on your inventory situation and perhaps, the channel inventory and as much as you have visibility to that, your sales are up a good bit. Your inventories are down year-over-year on your balance sheet. How do you think about rebuilding inventory, your inventory or channel inventory? How important or relevant is that? And when do you think that might happen?
James Brunk: I'll start with the inventory sequentially. As I noted, we did increase by about $84 million, which is impacted by a combination of the volume inflation and FX. And if you remember back in February, we talked about that we thought the inventory would increase somewhere between 5% and 10% from 2020 year-end to '21 year-end, we would now expect that to actually be more than 10% with the combination of the higher sales and inflation even though that we do believe that the turns will stay higher than historic levels. In terms of the channel inventory, we do believe the inventory remains low with most of our customers, and this should actually help the near-term demand. In addition, we are working, obviously, to try to improve and increase our service as we go through the quarter as well. I spoke to several of our large customers this week, and their businesses is as strong as some have been in business for 40 years. It's as strong as I've ever seen it as it. The customers, some of them are being limited by their ability to install at most of them. So in addition, so we haven't been able to fill the channel like they would like. And our service, instead of being immediate, in some cases, it's taking a little while to get there. It's not impacting them that much because they couldn't install it if we could ship it all the more. So I think the point is that the backlogs are good, the demand is good. And we have to get them aligned and it should be good through the second quarter. And at this point, I can't see why the third quarter wouldn't be also good.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Truman Patterson with Wolfe Research.
Truman Patterson: Just wanted to follow up on Flooring Rest World margins. Very strong op margin in 1Q at 21%. And Jeff, you suggested that we shouldn't use this kind of 21% as a new base going forward, right? But when I look at the second quarter, it seems like you all should still be generating very strong leverage from the sales growth. So I'm just hoping you can help walk us through or frame some of the costs that might be coming back online in the back part of the year, the European vacations. Just seeing if you can give a little bit more color there.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Okay. The -- for the first quarter, one is that the sales are stronger, just as we said or everything else coming into it. So -- but we do see the sales and margins increasing all year Flooring Rest of World. As we said, it benefited from lower marketing expenses. So we're going to have to ramp up the marketing expenses as we go through the year to higher levels. So that's going to impact it. You're going to have product mix was really favorable in the first quarter, and we don't see that maintaining itself in the mix between different channels and products. And then the increased days also helped by getting greater leverage through it as we go through. But I mean the margins for the year are going to be better than last year. They just won't be at that level as we go through. The third quarter, if you go back historically and look at the business, You'll see that the Rest of World margins and sales, the second quarter is the highest usually for the year, and it's because of those vacations. If you go back and look at historical, you'll see a trend line that you should use as a base to start.
Truman Patterson: And for clarity, you were specifically talking about margin expansion for the full year, not necessarily each quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: On rest of world. Yes. That's correct, Truman.
Truman Patterson: And then on LVT, it seems like you're making some pretty good progress on the internal manufacturing, both the U. S. and Europe. But could you remind us again how much capacity in dollar terms you think you'll be out when everything is running at full capacity? And Part B, just along with your third-party LVT imports, any idea what your market share might be running at in LVT in the U. S.?
James Brunk: So our manufactured capacity is over $1 billion, and we get it all optimized and we're headed towards that is at. We're using imported supply to give us additional capacity that we need and broaden the marketplace. We're reviewing long term, what we do long term to go from here, we haven't concluded at this point. What else?
James Brunk: I would say right now, Truman, we are growing with the market in the U. S. And even though we still have shared gain.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're not 100% sure what the market is, but we think we're growing at least as fast as the market.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Justin Speer with Zelman & Associates.
Justin Speer: One question I had in terms of mapping out future plans. I know maybe you can't speak to details, but rewinding a few years. You've made the decision to do a lot of greenfield investment, internal investment, I guess, as opposed to going out and doing a lot of M&A. I guess as you look at it today, how should we think about maybe prospective growth projects? And maybe give us a sense for the magnitude -- range of magnitude of potential CapEx projects and/or M&A in terms of capital priorities?
James Brunk: I think you're ahead of us a little bit. We're in the middle of this study. Some of the things from the first time we put in new machinery that hadn't been run by anybody was a learning curve. We went into new markets in products like countertops we never made before. We went into new geographies. We put up plants in Russia in a new product category, we had no more no customers. So it took us longer to get them. But I mean we put in port -- ceramic countertops in Europe. It's in our plan to expand it. Our Russian vinyl plant, we just put a third shift on, just making as much money as anything else that we have in the business. So when we got them all together, it just took us longer. LVT, were in the last steps of it to get it up where we want to. So when you greenfield do stuff outside the normal, it's going to take longer. We haven't put the plans together. So far, the plans are all around how to expand existing businesses in existing geographies with an existing equipment that's operating. So we don't anticipate having the same things to overcome. On the other side, we're also looking at what can we do to step change the business at the same time. So we haven't got far enough along on that under the side. We really didn't expect the economies in the business to be doing as well this year, and we're really looking at things we've planned in '22 and '23 and pulling them in.
Justin Speer: That's helpful. One other question I had is just that I think the topic that you are right now across most of the earnings calls has been supply chain and commodity prices and put transportation prices. Is there any context you can give us in terms of what your commodity basket is up and maybe when you expect the most, I guess, extreme part of that year-over-year headwind to flow through your income statement? So I guess the two questions, how much is your basket up? And when do we start seeing the most extreme part of that at a lag into your P&L?
James Brunk: So we're just like everybody else has started rising in the fourth quarter. We have about 3.5 to 4 months of inventory, call it, round numbers, so it flows through then. So some of it hitting in the first quarter. The biggest part is going to show up in the second quarter, which we're trying to get the prices aligned with it. And in the third quarter, is going to be more of it, and we still don't even know how high it's going to inflate is it. So they're all working through. We think we've got the pricing in the marketplace, the time to hit when it's going to show up in the P&L, and we're doing everything we can to manage it as we go through.
Justin Speer: And last question -- I'm sorry.
James Brunk: The increase in the thing -- we think we're raising things around numbers, 3% to 8%, and there's some things that are 25%. So it's all over the board.
Justin Speer: And is the reception to these price increases consistent across all categories?
James Brunk: The marketplace is pushing prices through everywhere, all our competitors, and we have the same increases in raw materials. For the most part that we said, the supply through the channels are low. So it's easier than the historical to push them through at this point.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut: First, I just wanted to get a little better sense of price mix for the different businesses. And more specifically, thinking about mix here, which has been an issue over the last year or two, I would say, particularly more in Ceramic and Flooring North America. Could you just give us a better sense? Obviously, when you talk about price mix on the whole. You've had certain price increases in the market and that influences the price part of price/mix. But if you just give us a sense of how mix itself is going for both Ceramic and Flooring North America? And if that's changed at all so far this year versus the prior year or two?
Chris Wellborn: Michael, I will just comment on ceramic. One of the things that is impacting mix at the moment is we have a stronger residential business and the commercial business is just starting to come back. And typically, our pricing would be a little higher on the commercial side.
James Brunk: So that's also impacting the other -- where we have large commercial businesses, the commercial is doing better, but it's still way below where it was. And in all the businesses, the commercial has higher margins because the products are more differentiated. So we have significant opportunity over the next, I don't know it's going to be 1 year, 1.5 years as those move back to normal, our higher-margin product categories there. So that will help everything.
Michael Rehaut: Look, and I appreciate that. I mean, I guess, also what I'm thinking about here is within the residential spear, over the last couple of years with LVT coming on, that's caused some mixed challenges in your other flooring categories like carpet or ceramic perhaps to better compete with LVT. So I was wondering within the residential product portfolio as well, if you've seen any change in mix for the better or worse or if it's stabilized?
James Brunk: I'll see if I can answer that. It's much more complex. So what you have is things going on. So in the carpet business, you had polyester carpets, which are lower-priced carpets growing as a share of the market. So that's impacting the mix. Second is at the moment you have different channels growing. So the new construction business is growing rapidly, and it tends to use lower quality products than the remodeling part of the business. The remodeling part of the business is picking up and doing well, and that's helping the mix in the other direction. And then you have the commercial side, which has the highest margins of the -- versus it. And the sales are low, so it's impacting the mix as you go through it. They're all moving at the same time, and then we'll just have to see how they evolve.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. But just no thought in terms of the overall net impact?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're expecting the mix to improve through the year. There's a question is the remodeling business comes because what happened is that the modeling is higher margin will build it. The builders picked up earlier and the remodeling piece is doing better. So we're hoping that we're going to get a mix improvement as we go through the year.
Chris Wellborn: And couple that, Mike, with commercial improving, you'll get also the benefit of the favorable mix as well.
Michael Rehaut: Right. No, that's helpful. Just secondly, I guess, on the second quarter guidance, you've talked a little bit about how you expect the Flooring Rest of World margins to maybe come in from this 21%. But in terms of sales versus margin, you've talked about increasing your production rates. There's still a lot of pent-up demand out there. You won't be in the summer months that impact your European businesses. So is it fair to expect sales on an absolute dollar basis to be greater in the second quarter -- at the second quarter should be greater than the first quarter, all those things considered?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes, the second quarter should be higher than the first quarter. I won't have the same differential on the piece because you have the 5% more days than the first one that you didn't have sort of comparisons versus historical are exactly the same as it. But we expect the sales to go up at the same time because the inventories are still low. We're limited to how much we can ship out. There's it also, but we're trying to get the capacities up. And then you throw on top of it, you have the supply piece, which we're not 100% sure how much we're going to get. Other than that, it's easy.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matthew Bouley with Barclays.
Matthew Bouley: I actually wanted to follow up on the last 1 around seasonality. It was touched on earlier with the margins into Q2, given what you're implying. I appreciate everything you said, the unusual seasonal strength of Q1 and the shipping days issue. But is there anything else when talking about the margins that might be a greater sequential headwind? And specifically, I'm thinking of price cost is just being materially different in the second quarter versus what you got in the first quarter.
Chris Wellborn: I'll just comment on the -- again, on Flooring Rest of World, Q1 benefited from lower marketing expenses, improved product mix and increase days, which -- caused a greater margin in that business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: For the SG&A and all the business is going to go up to support the higher level of sales, we're going to put more new products out. So it's going to go up where we should still get some leverage. We're trying to keep it below the volume increase, but we're trying to put enough in it to support not only this year but to keep the business increasing in next year as we go through. When you compare to last year, we were more stingy in the investments we were making because we didn't know what the economy was going to be. So that's going to increase, you need to think about the margins. The cyclicality of the piece, you have to keep -- when you look at first quarter versus second, you almost have to take 5% off the first quarter to compare it is it to get it in the same relationship before you start. And then I just keep reminding people that we've seen some of the models that they don't take into consideration, the European vacations, which affect both the Rest of the World and the Ceramic business in the third quarter is it.
Chris Wellborn: And when you step back again for the full year, we expect strong improvement in sales and income, we'll see that leverage in SG&A, and then we'll also get the operational improvements as well.
Matthew Bouley: Understood. Second quick one is just on the production rates in the quarter, seemingly high and above normal seasonality. I'm just curious on how that might impact your fixed cost absorption this year relative to normal? Does that therefore mean that the incremental margins on volume might be higher than it typically is as you deliver on these inventories you're producing today?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It does help, and it will continue to help. Now we haven't talked about all the stuff going on even where we are with COVID in pieces. We still have higher absenteeism. The labor is not as so hard to manage. We're paying overtime to get people in. So there's other costs that are also impacting the business, trying to get as much volume through the place. And then the fall was really as we come out of the year, the question is going to be last year, we ran hard all the way through the fourth quarter, all the way to the end. And the question is going to be, what does business look like when we get there. It's too early to tell. I'm hoping it's going to be strong all the way through.
Operator: Your final question is from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research.
Kathryn Thompson: Focusing on the port congestion, which has been an issue for many companies along the value chain. Could you give us an update how you're managing this port congestion? And more specifically, thoughts on, are you increasing inventory or distribution space? How are you able to meet growing demand in light of the port congestion? And just help us understand the cost, increasing costs with the storage and transportation ability to plan for the future.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Like everyone else, the delays are there and the costs are there. In some cases, the freight costs are 4 times higher than they were in what we call normal or where they were. So there's a huge impact on the cost pieces that have to be added into the products. Then the delays are anywhere could be four weeks to 8-week delays in it. We are ordering things earlier to try to get them in line the -- it's getting a little better as the stuff starts landing from what we have, but we're still chasing it as we go through. And at this point, we're assuming that the transportation is going to stay like this for quite a while, and we're trying to align the purchases and the timing of it to get them here. Let's see how it works out.
Kathryn Thompson: Are you -- have you stepped up in renegotiated rates? Because one of the things that we're hearing is you're going back -- there's several different companies that are going back and renegotiating rates, and that has allowed them to get more space on ships. Has that been your experience?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I can't say that we're getting more space. We are -- we have put together orders and the orders are getting put through -- put on the ships with delays in them, and we're adding the delays to the piece to try to align it, and the prices that we're paying there high.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. I'll follow up on that later. Then a follow-up on just the ripple effect of the Texas freeze. I understand the key products just resins are -- were significantly disrupted, where do we stand today in terms of the resolution with that?
James Brunk: From the supply side, we're still in the middle of it. We have things that we're buying. I mean we're sending trucks down. It's coming off their lines and we're picking it up and moving it to in the same day to try to keep the plants running. So I mean, the problems are still there. It affects anything that's the chemical from glues in one business to resins in another. And the indications are that it's getting better. What the hard part is, all the customers like us are ordering more so the capacities are constrained even though they're getting better. And it's difficult to tell whether you're going to get what percent of what you're going to get, when you're going to get is it? And we're just playing as that it goes and begin for everyone we can get.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We appreciate you being on the call. The markets are strong. We're improving our performance of our businesses. We're well positioned in the business, and we're managing all the disruptions as best as possible. And we think we're going to have a good year, but we have to manage through all these things, which makes a little more unpredictable because of the supply base and all the things we've been talking about. We appreciate you joining us, and Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes the Mohawk Industries first quarter 2021 conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-12 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Mohawk Industries Fourth Quarter 2020 Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference is being today, February 12, 2021. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Frank Boykin. Please go ahead sir.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, [Holly]. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today, we'll update you on the company's fourth quarter results. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. Jim Brunk is joining Jeff, Chris, and me on todays call. Jim has been our Corporate Controller since 2009 and was recently announced as my successor. He will officially assume responsibility as Mohawks CFO effective April 1 and will be providing our financial results on todays call. Ill now turn the call over to Jeff for his opening remarks. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. First, I want to congratulate Jim on his new position. I worked with him for more than 10 years and look forward to Jim further enhancing our business strategies and results in his new role. We had a very strong first quarter and delivered record sales of $2.6 billion, an increase of 9% as reported with adjusted operating earnings and EPS of 305 million and $3.54. The business was stronger than we had anticipated with residential markets outperforming around the globe. Our free cash flow for the fourth quarter was about $248 million after capital investments of 160 million. For the year, we generated record cash flow of more than 1.3 billion. In the first half of last year, our industry was under enormous stress as the pandemic spread and we responded to this disruption by minimizing costs, lowering inventory levels, initiating restructuring actions, and reinforcing our liquidity.  In the second half, the residential flooring demand recovered significantly faster than expected as people spent more time at home. Meanwhile, commercial flooring demand remains depressed due to business investments being postponed or canceled. Our inventory levels decreased in the second and third period as sales strengthens and production was limited by capacity, workforce absenteeism, and labor shortages. SG&A investments and promotional activities were curtailed during the year to improve our margins. The pandemic created substantial differences between our segments that have varying restrictions, stimulus, consumer responses, and our ability to raise production levels. Our revenues and operating income rebounded and surpassed the prior year for both the fourth quarter and the second half. Our fourth quarter results exceeded our expectations as we posted our highest ever quarterly sales even with increasing COVID cases around the world. All of our markets are strengthening residential purchases with laminate, LVT and sheet vinyl outperforming other flooring categories. Our residential performance was partially offset by a weak commercial market in the regions where we have more significant business in that channel. Our results were improved by higher volumes, restructuring and greater leverage on costs, while being adversely affected by lower runs and inventory, absenteeism and labor shortages in some operations. We are also seeing greater inflationary pressures in many product categories, and we are increasing prices to recover. Our Flooring Rest of the World Segment continued to outperform with significant sales growth, higher operating leverage, and improved productivity.  The segment delivered further improvements in LVT production costs, which enhanced our performance in the period. Our Global Ceramic and Flooring North America segments also improved although both experienced a greater impact from commercial headwinds. Through the fourth quarter we have achieved about $50 million of the projected $100 million to $110 million in anticipated savings from our restructuring initiatives. We continue to assess some projects based on changing market conditions. After paying off our short-term debt and prefunding our longer-term maturities in the second quarter, our net debt leverage is at historical low. Our strong financial position gives us flexibility to pursue additional opportunities, including internal investments, acquisitions, and stock purchases.  Since the third quarter, weve acquired approximately 1 million shares of our stock for $130 million as part of our share repurchase plan. As the pandemic began, our organization has been protecting one another and supporting our customers around the world. We are mitigating the spread of COVID utilizing best practices while testing and tracking employees with potential contacts. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. I would like to add that Im both honored and excited about the opportunity to lead Mohawks very talented global finance team. Now let's review our financial performance for Q4 2020. Sales exceeded $2.6 billion for the quarter, a 9% increase as reported or 5.5% on a constant basis with our Flooring Rest of the World Segment outperforming. Q4 had two additional shipping days in most businesses and as you consider 2021s financial projections, please remember to take into account the following items. Across most of our businesses, Q1 has three additional days or approximately 5% more, and Q4 has 4 fewer days or approximately 6% less, compared to prior year. This years sales should continue higher growth and full-year operating margins should improve. Our Q2 comps are very low and the second half comps are more difficult with the rebound that occurred last year. Also last year, in Q3 and Q4 there was less time off for holidays for our customers and us. Time off should be greater this year. Now coming back to the P&L. Gross margin was 27.9% as reported or 28.8% excluding charges increasing 120 basis points from 27.6% in the prior year. The year-over-year increase was driven primarily by higher volume of 51 million, productivity of 50 million, and lower inflation of $21 million, partially offset by price mix [up] [ph] $30 million. SG&A as reported was 17.2% or 17.3% versus 19.1% in the prior year, both excluding charges. The lower SG&A percent was driven by improved leverage on increased volume and stronger productivity of $21 million. Operating income as reported was 10.7%. Restructuring charges for the quarter were $22 million, and our restructuring initiatives are on track with year-to-date savings accounting for approximately $50 million of our announced $100 million to $110 million plan. Operating margin excluding charges $305 million or 11.6%, improving from 8.4% last year or 320 basis points. This increase was driven by productivity of 71 million, stronger volume of 42 million and reduced inflation of $12 million, partially offset by the previously noted unfavorable price mix of $30 million. Interest expense of $16 million, including the impact of our new 2020 bond offerings and we expect Q1 to be approximately $16 million to $16.5 million, other income of $7 million driven by favorable transactional FX and short-term investment returns. Our Q4 non-GAAP tax rate at 14.8% versus 18.9% in the prior year benefiting in-part from the U.S. CARES Act. We expect Q1 2021 to be approximately 21%. Earnings per share as reported of $3.49 or excluding charges of $3.54 growing 57% year-over-year. Now, turning to the segments. Global Ceramic had sales of $920 million, a 7% increase as reported with the business up 6% on a constant basis, with growth across all geographies, the largest increase being in Brazil and Russia. Operating income, excluding charges of $88 million and 9.5% return that's up 65% or 330 basis points versus prior year. The increase was from productivity of 28 million, volume of 16 million, and lower shutdown expense of $4 million, partially offset by unfavorable price mix of $12 million and unfavorable FX of $4 million. Flooring North America sales of 963 million or 3% increase as reported or flat on a constant basis led by strength in our residential focus products offset by the weakness in the commercial channel. Operating income excluding charges of $91 million are 9.5%. That's an increase of 27% or 180 basis points, compared to prior year. This increase was driven by higher productivity of 26 million, lower inflation of 7 million, and increased volume of $3 million, partially offset by price mix of $18 million. And Flooring Rest of the World with sales of $759 million, a 20% increase as reported, or 13% on a constant basis, driven by our resilient, laminate, and panels businesses in Europe and our carpet business in Australia and New Zealand. Operating income excluding charges of $138 million or 18.2% of 420 basis points or 57% versus prior year.  The main drivers were the higher volume of 23 million, improved productivity of 16 million, and lower inflation of $8 million, partially offset by unfavorable FX of approximately $4 million. Corporate and eliminations came in at $12 million and you would expect 2021 to be approximately $40 million. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments increased over $1.3 billion, driven by the Q4 free cash flow of $248 million bringing the full-year 2020 full-year free cash flow to approximately $1.3 billion. Receivables were just over $1.7 billion, with DSO improving to 59 days versus the prior year 62 days. Inventories just over $1.9 billion dropped almost $400 million or 16% from prior year, with a marginal sequential increase of approximately $30 million adjusting for FX from Q3. Inventory days are a 103 days versus a 134 days in the prior year. Property, plant and equipment just under $4.6 billion with CapEx of $116 million for the quarter in-line with our D&A. And full-year CapEx was $426 million with D&A of just over $600 million. We estimate that 2021 annual CapEx to be in-line with our D&A of approximately $590 million. And lastly, the balance sheet and cash flow remain very strong with gross debt of just over $2.7 billion, total cash and short-term investments as previously noted over $1.3 billion leading us to a leverage of 1 times adjusted EBITDA. With that, I'll turn the call over to Chris who will provide details on our fourth quarter performance.
Chris Wellborn: Thank you, Jim. Sales for our Flooring Rest of the World segment increased 20% in the period as reported or 13% on a constant basis, significantly exceeding our forecast. Margins expanded over last year to 17.5% as reported or 18.2% excluding restructuring charges due to higher volume and positive leverage on SG&A and operations, partially offset by currency headwinds. Sales and margins were strong in most categories and geographies with most of our plants operating near capacity in the fourth quarter. Raw material costs began to rise in many of our product categories, and we're taking pricing actions to respond to the increases. Laminate, the segment's largest flooring category delivered significant growth in the period across most of our markets. Our margins increased as higher volumes drove greater absorption of manufacturing and SG&A costs while increased productivity and better throughput enhanced our results. We continue to focus on our premium collections that feature superior visuals and waterproof technology. Our service level showed improvement during the period, though they remained below our standards. To satisfy higher demand for existing products, we chose to postpone introductions of our next generation laminate collections in most markets. Our LVT sales increased substantially in the quarter led by accelerated growth of our rigid collections. Both our LVT margins and profitability improved, due to increased volume, lower production cost and SG&A absorption. We have increased staffing to operate all LVT lines seven days per week. We're introducing new collections with enhanced visuals and exclusive watertight joints that better prevent water damage. We're implementing price increases in our LVT collections to compensate for rising material costs. Our sheet vinyl business rebounded as our retailers reopened their shops and our export markets picked up. Our plants ran at high production levels that reduced our operating costs though unfavorable currency partially offset. All of our European cheap vinyl plants were running near capacity, and we've announced price increases. Our Greenfield Russian sheet vinyl plants volume has grown to a level that its margins are in-line with our other businesses. We have completed the consolidation of our wood operations in Malaysia. During the period our production was impacted by equipment, installation and transportation challenges due to COVID. The equipment from our closed European plant has now been installed and we're improving our throughput and wood sourcing strategies. Our wood panels performed well in the period with sales limited by our capacity and low inventories. Our productivity improved in the quarter, increasing our volume and throughput. Demand for our customized mezzanine floors is growing as greater e-commerce sales have increased the need for warehouse space. To cover rising material costs for our wood panels, we're also implementing price increases. Product mix continues to improve, due to a higher share of stylized products, due to sales investments to increase project specifications. We're expanding our capacity and melamine products to further improve our margins. In insulation, volume was good, though our margins were impacted by significant material inflation due to supply constraints. We have implemented a price increase and have announced another to keep pace with the rising cost. Demand for the category remains strong, enhanced by government incentives for energy savings. Sales in Australia, New Zealand were strong in the fourth quarter and margins improve with higher volume and lower material costs from our longer supply chain. We enhanced our market position with more aggressive sales initiatives and by providing more consistent service under difficult circumstances. We have leveraged our relationship with carpet retailers to expand sales of our hard surface products. Our results are benefiting from upgrades to our carpet and hard surface offering, manufacturing assets, and distribution capabilities that we've implemented since we acquired Godfrey Hirst. For the quarter, our Global Ceramics segment, sales rose 7% as reported, with improved results across the world led by growth in the residential channel from heightened remodeling and home sales. Operating margins for this segment expanded to 8.7% as reported, or 9.5%, excluding restructuring costs due to higher volume and improved productivity somewhat reduced by commercial product mix and currency. Our Brazilian and Mexican businesses delivered record quarterly sales and expanded margins even with inflationary headwinds. Manufacturing constraints and low inventories limited growth in most of our regions. Material, energy, and transportation costs are rising and we are increasing prices in most markets to offset these pressures. Our U.S. ceramic business delivered strong residential sales growth, while commercial remains challenged as businesses defer investments. Our service centers are experiencing improved customer traffic due to higher home sales and remodeling activity. The home center channel outperformed with increased demand and inventory replenishments. To provide additional features and benefits we are expanding our higher value collections with [high-gloss Polish tiles], antimicrobial treatments, and matching floor and wall combinations. We have announced price increases across most of our collections to pass through higher transportation costs. Our ceramic plant productivity and cost improved during the period due to higher volumes and continued process improvements. Our restructuring initiatives are progressing and we should complete our ceramic plant consolidations by the end of the first quarter. Our countertop business is increasing substantially with sales of our quartz products growing significantly. Our quartz countertop production cost and margins continued to improve our results and we are increasing our mix with higher value stylized products. Our Mexican ceramic business delivered its best quarterly sales and performance even with capacity constraints. Our margins improved with higher productivity, partially reduced by inflation and product mix. Our inventories declined and our backlog remained high as we ended the period. Our customers have opened 30 exclusive Daltile stores in the country, which will enhance our sales and strengthen our brand. To cover rising inflation we've announced price increases. Brazil also delivered record sales in the period with all channels performing well. Our margins improved due to increased volume and productivity, partially offset by inflation and product mix. Our Brazilian plants are operating at capacity and have been allocating production to customers. Our backlog remains high and we are increasing price to recover inflation. We're investing to further upgrade our manufacturing assets this year. For the quarter, our European ceramic sales and profitability were above last year. Some Southern European economies were more affected by COVID and have remained softer than other regions. Our residential sales were stronger with more competitive pricing and lower commercial sales, negatively impacting our product mix and margins. We are launching differentiated collections to improve our mix with small sizes, large porcelain slabs, outdoor products, and enhanced design technology. In the period, our service levels improved with the plants operating at higher rates, though inventories remain low due to higher demand. Our Russian ceramic business delivered strong results during the period even with inflation in currency headwinds. Sales rose significantly in all channels, led by new residential construction, which benefited from historically low interest rates. To meet higher demand, we ran more production by limiting holiday shutdowns. We are successfully ramping up our new premium sanitary ware manufacturing and will expand it further this year. The sanitary ware complements our Ceramic tile collections and will enhance our product offering in our owned and franchise stores. For the period, our Flooring North America sales increased 3% as reported, and our adjusted margins expanded 8.6% as reported, or 9.5% excluding restructuring costs. We had strong growth in the residential channel offset by lower commercial, which improved from its low base in prior periods.  Our service levels improved as we increased production in the period though high demand required allocating some products. Due to higher demand in COVID disruption in our plants, our inventories did not grow as we anticipated. To improve our margin and mix, we're launching many innovative products that address the needs of families spending more time at home. We're taking pricing action in most products due to rising material, labor and transportation costs. We have executed a large part of our restructuring initiatives, which is benefiting our results with some of the savings flowing through inventory in future periods. Some of our operations were inhibited by increased absenteeism and labor shortages due to COVID, and we anticipate higher production levels will improve our service and our inventory positions. Our residential carpet sales grew during the period as comfort and noise reduction have become more important to consumers. The demand for residential carpet is strong, and our sales momentum should be solid. We have taken many actions to improve our productivity, including rationalizing our product offering and reducing our operational complexities. Our restructuring actions have lowered our overhead and improved our cost and yields. Our new carpet collections will provide improved margins while offering superior styling, features, and value. We're introducing SmartStrand collections with a new patented Hypoallergenic backing, making installation faster and recycling easier. We're adding new pattern technologies and expanding our unique continuum polyester collections made from recycled bottles. We've announced price increases due to increasing inflation in materials, labor, and transportation. Our commercial business has improved from its bottom, but remains depressed along with the retail, hospitality office and aviation sectors. Our commercial hard surface sales are outperforming carpet and we have improved our online tools to make it easier for designers to select and customize our products. We're managing our cost structures, which have been deleveraged by lower volume and we have announced price increases across our product offering. Our laminate business is growing substantially in all channels as our unique visuals and waterproof technology have become desirable alternatives to both natural wood and LVT. Our plants are running at capacity to meet the exceptional demand and we're supplementing domestic production with laminate source from our worldwide operations. We've executed numerous process enhancements to increase our laminate and board production, and by the end of the year, a new line should be operational with additional capabilities. We announced a price increase on our laminate collections because of rising cost. We have repurposed a plant in Virginia to manufacturer a premium wood flooring collection that has been in development for four years. Applying our exclusive technologies, we created a truly waterproof wood flooring with dramatically improved scratch, dent, and wear resistant for today's active households. We've also updated our other wood collections to align with evolving market trends. Sales of both our LVT and cheap vinyl improved substantially during the period supported by strength in new housing starts and residential remodeling. We have multiple engineers from our European business working in our U.S. operations to implement demonstrated improvements to increased output, reduced material cost, and enhance product visuals and performance. We're introducing updated residential and commercial products with our new water-tight technology that will improve our mix and margins. As in other categories, we've announced price increases due to rising material and transportation cost. With that, I'll return the call to Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. Our fourth quarter sales and operating performance were much stronger than we anticipated. We ran our plants around the world at high levels during the period, but fell short of the inventory build we anticipated. Our operations are taking actions to optimize throughputs and reach our desired service level. Given present trends, the momentum of our residential business should remain strong while commercial should slowly improve from its trough. We will benefit from structural improvements in our costs and innovative new products that will enhance our mix. Most of the COVID restrictions around the world have not directly impacted the sales or installation of our products. Continued government subsidies and low interest rates should support economic recoveries, new home construction, and residential remodeling. We see increasing inflation in most of our product categories and are raising prices in response. Assuming current conditions continue, we anticipate our first quarter adjusted EPS to be between $2.69 and $2.79, excluding restructuring charges. The strength of our organization was demonstrated by our management of last year's historic decline in sales and the subsequent spike in demand, while protecting our employees and customers. Our strategies and initiatives remained flexible to adapt to changing economic conditions. With improving sales and cash flow and a strong balance sheet, we are well-positioned to take advantage of future opportunities. Well now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is going to come from the line of Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and congratulations on a great quarter. And congratulations to Jim as well. My first question is, you know, I appreciate the color that you gave us around, you know, how the business is coming together, but can you help us think through 2021, you know, understanding that there's a lot of momentum as we come into the year, but how should we think about things as we get to the second half perhaps and the comparisons get a lot tougher, just any color on that cadence as we move through the next couple of quarters?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's see if we can give you some more color on that. The trends from the fourth quarter are continuing into the first quarter. Residential remain strong and commercial continues at depressed levels. As we go through the year, we anticipate the economy strengthening more and housing trends remaining positive. At this point, we see commercial coming off the trough, but we do not expect it to rebound to prior levels this year. Our commercial margins to remind you are higher than our residential and have a significant impact on our Flooring North America and Global Ceramic Segments. Our SG&A spending, we expect to stay in-line this year with the sales growth, and full-year margin should expand with improved costs and mix. Our production and productivity should be higher with less interruptions, absenteeism improving, and increased inventory, and cost saving initiatives. All the businesses that we have, have upside from last year, but it's not unlimited. And we do not have the normal inventory of a cushion to help us as we go through the year. A weaker dollar will also improve our foreign translated results and a tax rate should go back to normal at around 21%. If you look at the first quarter, it's going to be seasonally stronger than historical. And it's going to have 5% more days in it. As we said, we're raising prices 3% to 8% and sometimes even more, given the inflationary pressures that are going on. In the period, we're also still managing absenteeism that's at high rates in some places, as well as some supply disruptions in various markets and products. As we go into the second quarter, it has low comps, and you guys need to adjust the sales relative to the trend line rather than last year. And then last year, as we look at the third and fourth quarters, it rebounded significantly, which is making our comps more difficult than the second half. As COVID gets under control, we'll have to see how spending on remodeling of homes changes if at all. We and our customers during those second half periods or third and fourth quarter reduced the holiday time off. That positively impacted revenues, as well as margins for both periods. We anticipate more normal conditions in the second half of this year. Then when we get to the fourth quarter, again it has the 6% fewer days this year than last year. So, that's to try to help you with some of the quarterly trends.
Susan Maklari: Yeah. No, that's very helpful, Jeff. Thank you. And, you know, my next question is, you mentioned that you're putting 3% to 8% pricing through across a lot of the business. Can you help us think about the timing of that pricing benefit coming through and how that compares to when you'll start to see some of this inflationary pressure coming in?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're trying to match them up. Some of the increases were announced, implemented at the end of the fourth quarter. They're going in all different times through the first quarter. And some could lag into the second quarter and the different channels and pieces. Were trying to get them lined up. We think we're going to be reasonably successful. The raw material prices, most of the costs, you know, are increasing, and we don't know if we've seen the end of it, as well as the transportation changes is that  so we're going to have to stay flexible and keep adjusting with them as we go through. With all this, we expect the annual margins to increase and, you know, we're going to have to keep responding to it as it moves.
Susan Maklari: Right. Okay. All right. That's very helpful. Thanks for the color and good luck.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets.
Mike Dahl: Alright, thanks for taking my questions. And Jeff, that was really helpful color. I wanted to follow up on Susan's question around price, the price increases and more from kind of a net price mix standpoint, because clearly, you know, there have been periods of time where you've implemented price increases on a like-for-like basis in recent quarters, but then we're still seeing kind of net negative price mix in some of the segments you articulated part of that around commercial, but just wondering, as you think about this year, given the magnitude of price increases you're implementing, how should we think about kind of that overall net price mix bucket? Will it still be pressured more by mix or should we see it be more neutral this year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I guess, going into the markets first with the increases, it helps that the markets are tighter than they are normally and the inventories are lower across the whole marketplaces. So that should help us implement them better. The price mix, we're hoping to improve the price mix as we change the product offering and improve it, as well as the market gets better. The remodeling part of the market is a stronger part and its typically higher value products. So the two conditions, we're hoping to get the price mix, not having the same detriments with all of that this year.
Frank Boykin: So overall, it should be positive. But again, you have to look at the impact on inflation as well.
Mike Dahl: Right. Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And then I guess, as a follow up, just around kind of the cost dynamics between the temporary production benefits of running longer than normal seasonally, I was hoping, you know, you could a, kind of quantify, if possible, how much some of that actually benefited second half of 2020 margins and whether or not you're saying margins you know, would then be down off those levels in the second half of 2021, which, which it sounds like could be the case? And then the second part, just on the cost side, is really, what do you see as most different this year, compared to call it 2018, when it proved to be much more difficult to offset some of the inflation that came your way.
Jim Brunk: Let me take the first part of that, and then let Jeff respond to the second half. So, I think you have to go back to the fourth quarter. As I said, you know, the price mix being a drag and about $30 million. But you had a strong, strong rebound on productivity of about $71 million for the quarter, in total. And part of that would be driven by obviously, our restructuring initiatives, that as you also point out, we are able to run our assets longer during the quarter, which is certainly going to help from an absorption and a margin standpoint.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I guess related to 2018 there's a lot of differences. We went in, and we made decisions to invest in a lot of startup pieces in 2017, and 2018, and 2017 and 2018 we had a lot of costs as those things were coming up. Some of them, most of those things are now operating well are reaching the profitability that we want. We mentioned several of them, the quartz countertop business, the plant in Russia, multiple other ones are all coming up. The LVT in Europe is in-line with our rest of our profitability. And we're expecting it to catch up this year with the engineers here executing as we speak, to change the problems in the United States. At the same time, we had some of our own internal and organizational problems. You know, we changed the management and organization of the Flooring North America business at the same time. And so those are all different this year. And then we're more aggressively trying to push prices through the marketplace and we think it's helpful that our competitors have  are tight, as well as having other limitations in their own business.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Thanks, Jeff. Thanks, Jim and congrats, Jim, on your promotion.
Jim Brunk: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of Justin Speer with Zelman & Associates.
Justin Speer: Good morning guys, thank you very much. A couple of questions for me, just in regards to the domestic non-residential revenue headwind that you mentioned in the fourth quarter, maybe, could you give us some context or magnitude of the decline there, and how that compares to the third quarter, and maybe what you're thinking for the first quarter in that channel?
Jim Brunk: The commercial business remains depressed in all the pieces. We have large pieces in service industries, like the hospitality industry, the retail and office sectors as well. And then we also have a big airline business. And so, all the sectors there are under pressure, and they haven't come out. You have the new construction part of the business, which people stop. So, there's going to be a void in between the new construction projects that are ending that's helped some of our businesses as they've kept flowing through. But the new ones, there's a void in between and we're having a hard time gauging how they're going to pick up and where they're going to come through.  And then just as one more part in our commercial business, in the category were the last thing to go in. So, everything else has to be done before ours comes in and we fill the pickup. So, we're having a difficult time seeing where it's going to come out. The two businesses that we have  the where we have the most the big parts of commercial are in our Flooring North America carpet business, our LVT business, our U.S. Ceramic business and our European Ceramic businesses are where the largest pieces are. The other businesses are much more heavier and residential, and don't have the same impact that they're having in those three.
Justin Speer: And I guess following up on that, I know there's a lot of questions on the cost basket, but maybe could you provide us some color or context in terms of how much your cost basket is up currently versus the prior year? And then if you are to snap the line on some of the commodities that are moving down and ultimately graduating into your P&L? What are you guys planning for in the second half in terms of the year-over-year, cost basket headwind that you're going to have to offset?
Jim Brunk: The costs are changing almost daily. We won't have the roll up till the end of the quarter was actually happening. The 3% to 8% is the result of the cost changes. And those cost changes, we may have to go up further, depending on how they go. We think we pass through what we see. There are some supply interruptions. They haven't become dramatic yet, but there are some where the supply constraints are limiting some of it and causing the cost to go up more, as we go through. I forgot the last part of your question.
Justin Speer: I was just trying to get some context for how much the cost basket, and when we look at the raw inputs and transportation costs that's what you're  I know, it's hard, it's a moving target right now, but if there's any line of sight to the year-over-year change in that costs basket, either for the year, or particularly in the back half of the year, in 2021?
Jim Brunk: We don't have any idea that the prices are moving so much. You have the oil prices that have gone up recently. We thought that we had a good hand on where they're going to go. We don't know whether oil is going to end up at $60 or at $45 to $50 to tell you the truth. Is it  and the same thing around the world and the different pieces. So, we're going to have to stay flexible and react to it because we don't know the answer.
Justin Speer: Understood. Well, thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of Michael Rehaut with JP Morgan. Thanks.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. And, you know, Jim, congrats, again on the promotion. And Frank, I guess now twice, it's been great working with you.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Mike.
Michael Rehaut: You know, looking at the margins in the back half of the year of 2020, you know, certainly, you know, fourth quarter benefited more than expected from, you know, the stronger sales and the less time off, as we look into the first quarter and the second quarter, you're certainly hoping for, you know, price increases to catch up to some of your commodity inflation. You're still looking for, you know, strong if not, you know, stronger year-over-year growth. You know, particularly against easier comps, and hopefully some of the manufacturing efficiencies are reduced, and maybe commercial even comes back a little bit, you know, we'll see, but, you know, certainly probably wouldn't get worse from here. So, are we to think that you can hold on to these types of, you know, low-double-digit consolidated operating margins? Are there some adjustments we need to make, based on, again either time off, certainly your plants should still be running at pretty high levels? So, just trying to understand, you know, if you look at that 11.5% consolidated margin, it seems like there's still a lot of tailwinds in front of you. If that margin can't be sustained, its not even built upon, in the front half of 2021.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Ill start out with the margins for the full-year, we're expecting to be above last year and keep improving. When you get into the second half of the year, last year was really unusual because of COVID people took time off. So, when we got to the normal holiday season, like in Europe, we ran mostly straight through it. At the same time, our customers were still buying products and doing things. The question is going to be, how strong is the business this year? And what are people going to  how's it going to change the way people act? And to tell you the truth, we have a big question mark on our piece, we don't know. We're assuming that the third quarter will be more difficult with the cops because we're assuming we'll get back to closer vacation schedules and timing. The other part with the economy, the economy could expand enough where the business keeps going and is stronger. And actually is better than we think. We're having a hard time estimating what's going to happen between the economy growth and COVID stopping? And if you know
Michael Rehaut: Yeah, Im sorry Jeff, but I just want to make sure, you know, I don't mean to interrupt, but I'm really not as much focused on the back half, I agree with you. There's a lot of variables and there are some headwinds, but I'm more interested in the front half of 2021, if you think about those margins, versus the back half of 2020?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I'm not used to comparing the two. The fourth quarter trends are going to continue. The trends in the fourth quarter continue. The demand is still coming in strong. And, you know, commercial, we hope is going to slowly improve. So, we  if you look at the fourth quarter now, but you have to remember, first quarter is always different. We have more sampling and new products that go on. We have introducing of things. We have shows going on. We have costs that don't happen all across the world. And so the cost structure of the first quarter is different, as well as you know, the rest of businesses is why it typically, you know, the margins drop, and the sales are lower. The difference this time is that sales are stronger than the historical time. You also have, you know, the wintertime and the thing is, how it impacts shopping and not in different markets and places. So, you have to, it'll be stronger than normally historical. But you can't forget all the normal seasonal things that happen.
Jim Brunk: And then also in Q1, you know, comparability Q1, last year, or towards the end of February, we started to be impacted in Europe. And then at the end of March, we obviously were impacted in most of our businesses. So, the compatibility is difficult as well.
Frank Boykin: [Cost aside] I would say that we will see  we're still trying to get our inventories up to where they need to be. So, we will see production running at higher levels.
Michael Rehaut: Right. Okay, thank you. One last quick one. CapEx, I think you said that D&A in 2021 $590 million have any outlook for CapEx for the year and perhaps even in 2022 would be helpful?
Jim Brunk: 2021 the capital spending is targeted to be in-line with that D&A. So capital spending around that $590 million mark, we're focused on adding some capacity as we talked about in laminate, in Brazil, ceramic and looking at courts as well, making investments for new products. And there are many cost savings projects as well in that number. Also converting leases to owned assets as part of that.
Michael Rehaut: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of Matthew Bouley with Barclays.
Matthew Bouley: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions and my congratulations to both Frank and Jim as well. I wanted to ask about the 100 million to 110 million of cost savings. You said you've achieved about 50 million so far. So, you also said some of the savings will flow through inventory in future periods. I just wanted to tie all that together, is that to suggest that's really the first half of 2021 where we see the incremental 50 million for the most part or the some of that still kind of phased in as incremental savings in the second half of the year? Thank you.
Jim Brunk : It's been clear that $50 million has been already in our P&L. So, that's the year to date benefit we saw in 2020 of the 100 million to 110 million. So the balance of that we believe will flow through 2021. Remember, we had previously noted that we should get $15 million to $25 million a quarter. So, that benefit should be somewhat front-loaded in 2021. Our costs and margins are reflecting the benefits of our actions. And again, we'll complete that as we go through the year.
Matthew Bouley: Got it. Okay, thanks for that. Jim. Second one, I guess on the same topic, you know, you talked a little bit about kind of rethinking some of the cost reductions. I don't want to put words into your mouth, but if any of the cost reductions actually been shelved in light of this recovery in demand or actually, is there even any opportunity to be more aggressive in certain places with rationalization, just you know, any assets that were more geared towards the commercial business, for example? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: If you remember in last quarter, we actually reduced it. Last quarter and announced we were reducing it. Other than that, we have a few projects where we're watching, but we haven't concluded fully. We'll have to see how the market goes, and determine what to do, but we're staying with the same numbers at this point.
Matthew Bouley: Okay, thanks, everyone.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of Keith Hughes with Truist.
Keith Hughes: Thank you and questions on the LVT in Europe, I know growth there had lagged behind the U.S. in terms of share gain. And that started to now accelerate, and then also on your facility, I think you said you're running at seven days a week, are you kind of hitting an optimum level on that facility in terms of its productivity and costs?
Jim Brunk: So in Europe, the European market is significantly smaller for LVT than the United States. I think it's somewhere in the realm of about half the size of it. It's growing, but at a smaller rate, and it's not being accepted at the same level. Our business is increasing substantially in Europe. Our operations are running reasonably well. And we still think there are significant improvements to make and mix product innovation and efficiencies as we go through the year to enhance the margins further. We're expecting the productivity to allow us to continue to satisfy high increases. And we have probably five or six engineers over in the United States today transferring all the knowledge that they've been doing to get us up to theirs. With that there were also putting through price increases to cover both the significant material changes, as well as transportation cost rising. Is that and then just as a comment, the ocean freight from Asia is up dramatically, [as its] affecting all the costs.
Keith Hughes: Is the [U.S. LVT production], but how far behind [Technical Difficulty]?
Jim Brunk: It's probably at least six months to get it. It's probably more than six months, because what happens is, some of it takes equipment modifications and equipment modifications. Some of them take four months to five months to make. And we didn't want to put them in here until they were proven. On the other hand, there's a lot of immediate things that are going on now. Speeds are going up quality  the cost of the materials and pieces are getting better. So, we're going to see improvements significantly as we go through the year, but it'll probably be six to nine months before we get up to their level.
Keith Hughes: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI.
Stephen Kim: Yeah, thanks very much, guys. Congratulations to all. A couple of questions, related to your opening remarks, Jeff, you talked about, I believe you were seeing some substitution of LVT product with laminate on the back of your innovation that you've introduced in that category. I was wondering if you could elaborate on this a little bit more, what seemed to be a pretty positive trend for you, given your dominance and laminate? And then secondarily, I'm wondering if a shift to laminate, but say, you know, that actually gains momentum, if that would affect possibly your desire or interest or not to add additional LVT production sometime? I know you just talked about six to nine months, but you know, what would it take for you to add additional lines to your existing or to the rigid LVT production you're ramping up now?
Jeff Lorberbaum : Let's see. The first question is about laminate. So, laminate, historically, the laminate market was considered a low end market. Most of it was sold through the home centers. And we had a premium position with differentiated products and performance features. What's happened is that the premium part of the market that we're in, we have made it as an alternative thats seen as a good alternative to both wood and LVT, and so the markets growing. At the same time, the markets expanded into other channels because of it, it's now being used in new construction. It's being accepted as an alternative to wood. It's being used in the retail remodeling business at a much higher level and it's still doing well and growing in the home center channels. So, all the parts are coming together.  And the same thing is happening in the European business with our unique position in the marketplace. With that, we have a new line coming in that will be operating in the end of this year, will add about another $125 million of capacity to the U.S. market. We are importing product from our operations around the world to supplement it until that comes in, as we go through. So the business is doing well, and we're expanding it. Further, the LVT business continues to do well. We are expanding our capacities by operating in plants well, and then at the same time, we're looking at various plans how to grow further and long-term.
Stephen Kim: Okay, so I take it. So, you're still looking into adding potential capacity there at some point? Great. Second question relates to incremental margins. I know that a lots changed in the business over the last few years, we had at one point in the past looked at incremental margins, I think Frank you had talked about incremental margin. So, I'm curious if there was any update to what we should be thinking about incremental margins across the various segments. And for instance, when we look at 1Q having, you know, a number of extra days, and we think about the extra sales that will come with that, would it be reasonable to apply those same incremental margins to that improvement in sales and volume?
Frank Boykin: So answering your first question on incremental margins, I mean, we've got so many moving parts right now, Steve with higher volumes, production, shorter runs, increasing raw materials and nagging cost, our pricing, you know, it's going to be hard to come up with anything that's meaningful, I think at this point in time. And I dont know Jim, do you want to address the second half of the question?
Jim Brunk: Steve, why dont you repeat the rest of your question again, [he's asking about]?
Stephen Kim: Effectively, a volume only, kind of incremental. You know, so in the case of, you know, extra days or something, right, you large  it's largely a volume issue for those extra days. And so, like what kind of incremental do you get, like when you  on just volume, forgetting the price mix and all that stuff?
Jim Brunk: You could probably use what we've done, what we've given you historically, Steve on that. 
Stephen Kim: Yeah, that's kind of a range of 20 to 30, as I remember on what talked about.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yeah, depending on [indiscernible] you remember when Frank pointed out, it's a little bit of an unusual situation, because your actual cost is even, you know extra days. Your actual cost is running higher with the shorter runs. You know, the absenteeism that we're facing.
Stephen Kim: Sure.
Jeff Lorberbaum: That Jeff pointed out. So just be aware of that as you think about it. As you think about it. 
Stephen Kim: Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. Okay, thank you for that.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh: Good morning, Jeff, Frank, Jim and Chris, and I'll reiterate congratulations to both of you Frank and Jim, on the announcements, well earned on both of your respects. Most of my questions have been asked and answered, just a couple of housekeeping items. Youre I think guiding, essentially for that similar $25 million a quarter savings from restructuring in early 2021, as you saw in late 2020. But I'm wondering why that doesn't ramp because of the FIFO inventory accounting as you finally cycled through your high cost inventory. Can you help us understand, help me understand why that restructuring savings wouldn't ramp from back half?
Jeff Lorberbaum: What you're going to see Sam is that once you reached kind of the anniversary date of the actions that taken place, you kind of laugh those costs, and the lower costs will now be part of your operation. So, we announced that in Q2, now, some of the actions will take longer in terms of the plant consolidations and such through the year, but that's why I'm saying that the largest part of the remaining savings should come in the first half of the year, as we anniversary the actions we took in 2020.
Sam Darkatsh: But you took 50 million, you got $50 million in savings in the back half and you're essentially guiding for 50 million to 60 million in the front half. So, where would the ramp be that you're referring to?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It did ramp. So, it ramped from Q2 to Q3 to Q4 and then Q1 and Q2 should be about the same pace as Q4, which is a [full impact].
Jim Brunk: I think theres some confusion. He is talking about an additional 50 to get to the 110, not the same 50.
Sam Darkatsh: Correct.
Jeff Lorberbaum: That will take place over [indiscernible].
Jim Brunk: It is the next 50, not the same 50.
Sam Darkatsh: Okay. And then my final question if I could, in the first quarter guide, do you have significant benefit from the inventory rebuild baked in to the guide from the fixed costs absorption or does that rebuild occur more ratably across the  over the course of the year? I guess once some of the COVID constraints alleviate?
Jim Brunk: Its in the first quarter numbers, but the build we're talking about is going to go throughout the year. It's not all going to happen in the first quarter.
Sam Darkatsh: Okay, thank you. Have a terrific weekend gentlemen.
Frank Boykin: Thanks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that will conclude our Q&A portion of today's conference call. I'm now going to turn the conference over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing comments.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining us today. The industry is in a good position. It appears the category should do well, and we think we're well-positioned to take advantage of it. We appreciate you taking time in joining us. Have a good day.
Operator: Once again, we'd like to thank you for participating in today's Mohawk Industries conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Megan, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, October 30, 2020. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin. Mr. Frank Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank Boykin : Thank you, Megan. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today, we'll update you on the company's third quarter results. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and the statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. In addition to Jeff and Chris, joining us today on this call is Jim Brunk, our Corporate Controller.  As we previously disclosed, we received subpoenas from the Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission related to allegations in a class action lawsuit filed against us. With the assistance of outside legal counsel our Audit Committee completed a thorough internal investigation into these allegations of wrongdoing and concluded that they are without merit. We are cooperating fully with the ongoing governmental investigations and will continue to vigorously defend against the lawsuit, which we do not believe has merit.  I'll now turn the call over to Jeff for his opening remarks. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Our third quarter results significantly exceeded our expectations, with sales recovering and operating income substantially increasing from last year's levels. Under continued pandemic conditions, people all over the world are spending more time in their homes and working remotely. Globally, this trend increased investments in home remodeling as well as driving new home purchases.  All of our businesses and geographies were stronger due to higher demand and customers increasing inventory in our distribution channels. Flooring Rest of the World delivered the strongest results in the quarter as our Northern European, Russian and Australian businesses were less impacted by the pandemic.  Our Global Ceramic and Flooring North America segments also improved substantially while being more affected by COVID and postponed commercial projects. Our laminate, LVT and sheet vinyl outperformed our other categories, and our new plants improved their output and efficiencies. Fluctuations in worldwide exchange rates negatively impacted our EBIT by about $7 million, with declines in most currencies offsetting the strengthening euro. During the period, demand for our products exceeded our production, and inventory declined by about $80 million, as we ramped up plants across the world. Our increase in manufacturing in the period was limited by challenges with hiring, training and capacity. To cover higher operating, material and logistics costs, we have announced selective price increases in some markets and product categories. We have made significant progress on our previously announced restructuring actions and are in line with our planned schedule and savings. In response to higher demand levels, we have postponed some restructuring projects while we assess future conditions.  Our businesses responded to the COVID crisis, as our focus has remained on keeping our employees safe. Throughout our offices, operations and distribution systems, we have implemented procedures that exceed the public health guidelines. We are tracking all identified cases, testing all contacts and successfully containing the spread within our operations. Throughout the pandemic, our people have collaborated to protect each other and support our customers around the world. Even with our improved performance in the period, our visibility of the future remains very limited. As COVID cases increase, governments may expand restrictions on commerce and reduce stimulus activities. In addition, future consumer spending is uncertain. Business investments remain low, and inventory growth in the channels could change. We continue to monitor health information and market trends to respond to the evolving conditions in our market.  In the second quarter, we took advantage of the favorable rate environment to pay off $1.1 billion of short-term debt and prefund our future long-term maturities. In the third quarter, we generated about $530 million of cash, bringing our cash balance to $1.2 billion at the end of the period. We will pursue additional investment opportunities including internal growth, acquisitions and stock purchases as the pandemic and economies improve.  We believe our stock represents an attractive investment and our Board of Directors recently approved the plan to repurchase $500 million of the company's stock.  I'll turn the call over to Frank for a review of our third quarter financials. 
Frank Boykin : Thank you, Jeff. Sales for the quarter were $2.575 billion or up 2% as reported and on a constant basis with the Rest of World segment performing best. As a note, for next quarter, our sales will be impacted by two more days compared to the previous year. Our gross margin was 27.4% as reported or 28.3% excluding charges, increasing from 27.8% last year. Year-over-year increase was driven primarily by higher volume, productivity and lower inflation, partially offset by price mix. The actual amounts of these items will be included in the 10-Q filed later today.  Our SG&A as reported was $443 million, or 17.2% of sales, or 16.9% versus 17.8% in the prior year, both excluding charges. This was primarily impacted by favorable productivity of $21 million. Our restructuring charges were $32 million for the quarter, of which $6 million was cash. All of our restructuring and other savings are on track with our original plans. Our operating margin excluding charges was 11.5%, improving from 9.9% last year. The increase was driven by stronger volume, productivity and declining raw materials partially offset by unfavorable price and mix. Interest expense was $15 million and we expect interest next quarter to be approximately $16 million. Our income tax rate was at 17% this year, compared to 18% last year. We expect the fourth quarter to be approximately 5% and then returning to historical levels, ranging from 20% to 21% next year. Our earnings per share excluding charges was $3.26, up 18% from last year.  Turning to the segments. In the Global Ceramic segment, sales were $911 million, down 1% as reported, with business up almost 2% on a constant basis. The non-U.S. businesses turned in our best performances in this segment. Our operating margin excluding charges was 10.3%, up 110 basis points, compared to the 9.2% last year. Our increase was from productivity and volume partially offset by unfavorable price mix. In the Flooring North American segment, sales were $982 million, down 2% as reported with growth in all major categories, except the more profitable commercial end market, which remains challenging with postponed projects and slower office and hospitality. Operating margin excluding charges was 8.2%, compared to 8.7% last year. The decrease in earnings was driven by lower margin and price mix partially offset by favorable productivity and lower inflation. In the Flooring Rest of the World segment sales were $681 million, up 13% as reported and increased by almost 10% on a constant basis. A lower exposure to our commercial end markets, along with a larger presence in Northern Europe supported strong top-line growth in this segment. Our operating margin excluding charges was 19.3%, that's up 480 basis points from 14.5% last year. The main drivers were higher volume, favorable productivity and lower raw materials, partially offset by unfavorable price mix.  In the corporate and eliminations segment, the operating loss excluding charges was $10 million. We expect the total year to come in at a loss of about $40 million.  Jumping to the balance sheet, our receivables ended the quarter at $1.711 billion. Our day sales outstanding improved to 56 from 61 days last year. Our inventories ended the quarter at $1.842 billion and dropped almost $500 million or 21% from last year as all businesses saw significant reductions in inventory with productions lagging sales. Our inventory days were at 100 versus 127 days last year. Fixed assets at the end of the quarter were $4.405 billion and included capital expenditures during the quarter of $69 million, and depreciation and amortization of $151 million. We estimate the annual capital expenditures to be about $420 million, with D&A estimated at $595 million.  And finally, the balance sheet and cash flow remains strong with total debt of $2.6 billion, total cash and short-term investments of almost $1.2 billion and leverage at 1.1 times to adjusted EBITDA.  I'll now turn the call over to Chris to provide segment details of our third quarter performance. Chris?
Chris Wellborn : Thank you, Frank. For the quarter, our Global Ceramic segment sales increased 2% on a constant days and currency basis. Our operating income grew 11% with a margin of 10% excluding restructuring costs compared to last year. All of our ceramic businesses improved substantially in the third quarter, with low inventories limiting both our sales and service. The residential sector experienced a more significant rebound in the period, while commercial demand remained sluggish. Most of our plants have stepped up to run all of their capacity to meet present demand and increased inventories in the fourth quarter. Overall, demand was solid, but our visibility is hampered by COVID, the sustainability of residential sales growth and postponed commercial projects. In the U.S., we are seeing increased traffic in our showrooms and galleries as well as our customers' retail shops. We have shifted sales focus from commercial to new home construction, which is expected to increase through next year. Commercial sales improved from the prior period but are still lagging. Our inventories decreased slightly during the quarter, even as we increased our production levels. We have announced price increases to cover higher freight and operations costs. Our quartz countertop plant is performing as planned, and we are increasing our higher style collections to improve our mix. Our restructuring initiatives are being executed as we planned. We have closed 2 tile manufacturing facilities and consolidated distribution points. We've also reduced SG&A and labor cost and discontinued lower-performing products. Our Mexican ceramic business is experiencing many of the same trends as the U.S. Our plants in Mexico are operating near capacity to reduce order backlogs, running shorter production quantities and optimizing our SKU offering. To replace higher-end imports, we are manufacturing new porcelain collections in larger sizes. We are expanding our sales footprint with exclusive Daltile-branded shops being opened by our customers. Our Brazilian ceramic business had its best quarter in its history, with significant growth in both its domestic and export markets. We are presently operating at full capacity and allocating production as consumer demand increased and inventories are rebalanced. To offset rising inflation, we have announced a price increase that will go into effect later this year. We are continuing our investments to upgrade our Brazilian assets, create higher-value products and reduce our cost. Our European ceramic business delivered strong results in the period as residential sales improved and inventories in the channel are replenished. Our performance was hindered by substantial reduction in higher-value commercial category and lower exports for projects around the world. We achieved higher manufacturing levels by reducing the traditional August shutdown periods. As production rose during the period, our service improved, and we will continue to increase inventories to enhance our service. Increased pricing pressures during the period were offset by higher volumes and productivity, lower inputs and SG&A leverage. Our major markets in Europe are increasing restrictions due to recent spikes in COVID cases, which could impact future demand. Our Russian ceramic business recovered and is performing better than last year, even with the political crisis in the Eurasian Union lowering our exports. The growth was driven by our strong results in the new construction channel and company-owned retail stores. Like our other businesses, low inventories constrained our sales in the period. Our new sanitary ware plant is operating as planned and will support our premium strategy with products that coordinate with other offerings. During the quarter, our Flooring North America segment sales decreased approximately 2% as reported, with operating income margin exceeding 8% excluding restructuring charges. The segment's performance improved substantially from the prior period due to improving residential sales. Revenue in the quarter were limited by our low inventory levels and difficulties increasing production due to staffing shortages and higher employee absentee rates. Commercial demand improved from the prior period but remains weak, with the hospitality, retail and office impacted the most. Inventories in the period continued to fall, though we expect them to increase through the end of the year. As our production aligns with demand, our service levels are improving. Our restructuring programs are progressing and achieving the expected cost savings in manufacturing, logistics and SG&A. Our residential carpet business improved from the prior period, with retail remodeling performing best. Our polyester products are outperforming other fiber categories, which is impacting our mix and average selling price. As we progressed through the period, we achieved higher manufacturing rates, which improved our productivity and cost. Increased overtime in shorter runs improved our service but raised our production cost. To cover higher costs, we are implementing price increases in the market. Our rug sales increased as consumers use them as an easy way to update their home decor. In the period, we are allocating our rug production as demand increased and retailers restock their inventories. Commercial flooring remains depressed as businesses reduce remodeling and postpone construction projects. While our commercial sales improved from the deep second quarter decline, we anticipate a slower recovery in the sector. During the period, laminate had strong growth with expanding distribution and sales in all channels. The beauty of our waterproof laminate collections are attracting more consumer interest and has enhanced our mix. Even with our laminate operations running at full capacity, we are unable to satisfy demand and have postponed our new product introductions. To increase our laminate production and provide new features, we are installing a new line that should begin production in the fourth quarter of next year. We have reduced our commodity wood manufacturing and are repurposing our operations to produce premium wood collections with unique features. Sales of our residential LVT collections continued to expand at a rapid pace, with rigid products increasing their share and our new product launches improving our mix. To compensate for higher tariffs on sourced collections, we implemented price increases in the period. We are continuing to make significant progress in our U.S. manufacturing facilities. Output is increasing, although some of our productivity initiatives fell behind schedule due to COVID-related interruptions in travel from Europe. We have recently relocated European engineers to the U.S. to implement enhanced LVT processes that are being used in our Belgian operations. Our sheet vinyl collections continue to take market share, and our cost in the category improved due to greater efficiencies. For the quarter, our Flooring Rest of World segment sales increased approximately 13% as reported. The segment's operating income grew 56% with a margin of 19% as reported. During the period, the segment outperformed in all of its geographies as home sales and remodeling expanded with people spending more time at home and reducing other discretionary spending. Our inventories remain low in all product categories as order rates exceeded our increasing production levels. To meet higher consumer demand, our plants took less time off in the August vacation period to maximize production levels and service. With higher service and lower marketing expenditures, we leveraged our SG&A cost across the business. Our Flooring Rest of the World segment has less participation in commercial end markets that more negatively affected our other 2 segments. Our laminate sales growth was limited by manufacturing capacity in Europe. We began shipping laminate from Russia to support higher demand in Europe. Our strong brands and industry-leading innovations continue to attract the consumer, and our differentiated products are improving our mix. We postponed new product launches and reduced our marketing and promotional activities in the period. During the quarter, sales of our LVT collections grew the most as our production levels, efficiencies and costs improved as we anticipated. We expect our productivity and cost to continue improving as we expand the utilization of our operations and enhance our material yields and efficiencies. The rigid LVT category is also growing faster in Europe, and we will be adding a weekend shift to support the increased demand. In the fourth quarter, we will begin shipping our next generation of rigid LVT products with new features that will strengthen our market position. Our sheet vinyl provides the best flooring value in the market, and our sales increased as our retail customers reopened. Higher production volumes positively impacted our cost and better leveraged our SG&A. Our Russian sheet vinyl plant performed well with higher utilization and margins. We're adding another shift in the plant to satisfy our expanding business. We completed the consolidation of our wood manufacturing operations in Malaysia and significantly reduced our cost. We have improved our output, allowing us to satisfy increasing demand. We are gradually lowering our material costs through our initiatives to vertically integrate. Our insulation products rebounded with increased volumes after our markets reopened. Even though our selling prices have declined, our margins remain strong as material costs were lower as well. Our raw material costs are now rising, and we have announced price increases to compensate. Our boards business benefited from strong demand, improved product mix and lower material prices. We also reduced our cost with the investments we made in expanding our glue manufacturing and new energy plant. Our Australia and New Zealand business performed very well with strong sales growth, improved product margins and the success of our updated product offering. The company is well positioned with its strong branding in both carpet and hard surface. With that, I'll return the call to Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. We entered the fourth quarter with improved sales and margin trends and have a solid order backlog across the enterprise. Residential remodeling and new home construction are forecasted to remain strong as the pandemic has transformed our living spaces into schools and offices and as participation in other activities has fallen. The fourth quarter is slower for our industry due to normal seasonality, and we expect lower growth in channel inventory levels. Our higher-margin commercial channels will continue to be slow, with completed projects likely to outpace new starts. We anticipate service improving with our inventories rising as production levels exceed sales. We are implementing our restructuring plans and are on track to reduce costs as expected. Our visibility continues to be limited by many uncertainties, including how government restrictions and demand will evolve. Assuming the current economic trends continue, we anticipate our fourth quarter EPS to be $2.75 to $2.87 with a nonrecurring tax rate of approximately 5% for the period. Our business has responded effectively to the COVID crisis, changing government restrictions and varying market conditions. Residential remodeling and new construction are expected to improve next year. The commercial business should increase from its present low levels as economies recover going forward. Our strong balance sheet, cash generation and liquidity will allow us to move from a defensive posture to a more aggressive growth strategy. With that, we'll be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI.
Stephen Kim : Congrats on the good results. I wanted to first ask a question regarding your share repurchase and your comments earlier about litigation -- the litigation. There have been a lot of questions we've been getting from investors about if and when the company would step up its share repurchase activity, which you did address in today's release. And meanwhile, at the same time, there were some important changes, it looks like, to the language around the recent lawsuit in your press release. I'm wondering, is there any reason to think that there might be a relationship between the Board's conclusion of its internal investigation and the Board's authorization of the share buyback?
Frank Boykin : Steve, this is Frank. That is a good question, and I'd like to make a couple of points, I think, about that. First, last quarter, we stated that the Audit Committee's investigation was substantially complete. This quarter, we added to our statement that the investigation is complete and that the Audit Committee has concluded that the allegations are without merit. And I think the second point regarding the authorization, the Board's decision to authorize an additional $500 million for stock purchases is clearly an indication of their view of the value of our stock, but I also think it's an indication of the improved clarity on our position in the class action lawsuit.
Stephen Kim : Yes. That's encouraging. It makes sense. Okay. Great. My next question relates to primarily Flooring North America and North American ceramic. You indicated that you paused the restructuring as well. And it seemed like there were 2 main reasons for pausing the restructuring: one, because demand's surging; and two, because your inventories need to be rebuilt. So what I'm trying to understand is how big of a factor the inventory rebuild is. So let's say resi demand stays as strong as it is now. Let's say it just stays really strong. When do you think your inventories would get back to a comfortable level? Is that going to be like -- do you think you can do it in 4Q? Or do you think it's going to spill over into 1Q of next year? And once the inventories are in good shape and current demand, if it stays the same, would you be happy with your present capacity? Or would you likely restart your restructuring program to reduce your capacity further in that situation?
Jeff Lorberbaum: What we said was we postponed some of it. We actually reduced the cost of the restructuring by about $10 million and I think the amount of savings by the same $10 million. At this point, we haven't concluded -- it's only a limited portion of the total. At this point, we have already executed about 25% of the savings through the third quarter. As we said before, we expect about $15 million to $20 million a period going forward on a continuous basis. So we haven't changed the strategy on restructuring and cutting costs out of the business. It was just a limited portion of it. On the inventories, we're going to continue increasing the inventories between the fourth quarter and first quarter, and it's all dependent on how we see the demand evolving and the business changing as we go through. We'll keep adjusting the inventories up and down. We expect to be in a reasonable shape coming out of the first quarter for the rest of the year. And in some cases where we have capacity limitations, you'll see us increasing inventories in the slower periods to take us through the peak periods in the middle of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Wojs with Baird.
Tim Wojs: I just want to echo, nice job and -- on the quarter and the guidance here. Maybe just in my question, 2 things. So the first is on residential versus commercial. Is there any way to parse out how residential performs from a growth perspective versus commercial in North America? And then maybe what the margin differential between the 2 business lines is?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's just give you a higher-level view of it. The commercial business is somewhere about 20% to 25% of our total business. In that, we have kept parts of the business that have very little and parts that have significant. The most significant pieces are in U.S. carpet, U.S. ceramic and our European ceramic have a much larger piece of the commercial businesses. All the commercial businesses are down substantially. Existing projects are being completed, and new ones are more limited coming forward. We're anticipating a slow recovery over time with next year being better, but it could take multiple years to get back to where it was as we go through.
Tim Wojs : Okay. Is it fair to say commercial's down?
Frank Boykin : The one other thing, Tim, I would like to just to emphasize there, too, is with commercial down as it is, it is a much higher-margin business in the residential side.
Tim Wojs: Okay, okay. And then I guess on LVT, is there any way to frame kind of where the rigid LVT margins in Europe are today? Are they in line with other flooring product margins in Europe? And just trying to get a sense of the types of improvement that we've seen in Europe, just given it still seems like there's improvement opportunities in the North America business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The LVT in Europe is operating much better. It's positively contributing to our results. The margins are not as high as the average of our business. We have specific actions on a continuing basis to continue to lower the cost, and we expect the productivity and cost to further improve. In Europe, which is ahead of the U.S., we're actually bringing to market new innovative features to keep us ahead of the marketplace, and they're going in the market now. In the U.S., as we've said, it's behind the other one by 3 to 4 months. We've just recently brought engineers over, which we had trouble getting them to get into the United States. So we'd had them here earlier to -- and they're in the plants, updating the pieces to align with it. I left out in Europe that we're in the process of adding a weekend shift to it to fill the increasing demand on the rigid products over there, and the U.S. is following behind, and we think we're going to get to where we need to go.
Operator: Your next question is Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh : Two quick questions, if I might, on the fourth quarter specifically. It looks like your guidance implies a far more mild margin expansion year-on-year in the fourth quarter than what you saw in the third quarter. I'm trying to figure beyond conservatism why that might be the case, knowing that you're getting incremental pricing, that your production is going to be higher, that you have restructuring savings coming in. Why might we not see as much of a margin expansion in the fourth quarter as we did in the third?
Jeff Lorberbaum: In the third quarter compared to the last year, we had -- our European businesses ran a lot of the capacity through the vacation period so our cost structures were lower and on a relative basis to each other as we go through. At the same time in the third quarter, we cut back on a huge amount of our marketing activities and our costs with the capacities where they are, and we're going to have to take -- normalize the marketing expenses and pieces in the fourth quarter going forward. On a forward basis, when you look at the sales, it looks like residential will continue to be good, but you're listening to all the things about COVID. We're not sure what's going to happen with COVID and how it's going to impact our business. So far with the European businesses, it appears that our customers are going to stay open. And they're considered essential, but I mean, it's changing by the day. So that's good at the moment, but we can't tell what's going to happen. Our commercial businesses, we really don't know if they've bottomed yet or not. You have the old things -- projects were put in place are coming to completion, and they're completing. The new ones are slower coming up, and it's really hard to determine how they're going to all balance out together as we go through the fourth quarter. So in our estimate, we're trying to reflect all of those considerations.
Sam Darkatsh : Helpful. Second question, if I might. Frank, back to the envelope, I'm getting fourth quarter free cash flow somewhere in the breakeven to somewhat positive area, I guess, depending on the inventory ramp. Is that a fair representation of how you see free cash flow in the quarter?
Frank Boykin : Yes. I think it's going to be in that range.
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets.
Mike Dahl : I have 2 questions on Flooring North America specifically. The first, I'm curious if it's possible for 3Q -- you went through a lot of the moving pieces and talked about still seeing the strength in LVT, which is obviously consistent with the market. Your overall Flooring North America sales were down 2%. Excluding LVT, what was flooring -- what were Flooring North America sales?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't give out the information at that level. I can tell you that our sales were limited in all the product categories by our capacities and production levels. With the $500 million of inventory that's been taken out of the whole business is that we usually go into the third quarter with higher inventories and reduce them. So all the categories, the sales were limited by that. In the carpet one specifically, with the whole industry in the same area, the whole industry picked up. The whole industry had let the workforce decline because nobody could see where it is. So there's a huge pressure on the workforce in getting it staffed back up, and then the training and hiring impacted it significantly. So the business in Flooring North America had more restrictions on it than many of the other businesses. We are a long way down where we'd like to be, but we're still having training, absenteeism, COVID still impacts. We're protecting the people inside the business. But when they come in with it, we then have to let people go home, and the absenteeism goes up. So protecting all the people is impacting our ability to raise the production rates as high as we would have liked to have them.
Frank Boykin : And I would just add too, Mike, that the single biggest headwind we had on sales in Flooring North America was commercial, as Jeff had talked about before.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And on the margins.
Frank Boykin : Yes. Right.
Mike Dahl : Right. Okay. That's helpful. And that kind of ties into my next question with -- just given the headwinds that you're still seeing in commercial, and hopefully, those are bottoming. But with the puts and takes there, within your fourth quarter guide, do you anticipate for North America sales to be positive or still under pressure?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're expecting more of the same.
Operator: Your next question is from Keith Hughes with Truist Securities.
Keith Hughes : Two questions. One back to Flooring North America. As you look at your LVT growth in the segment, do you think you're at a point now where you're growing at the market? I know you've been underperforming for a while.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that we're growing with the market. The numbers are really hard to get by because the numbers are based on the imports. And the imports have been so erratic, you cannot -- and we have the same thing in ceramic. You can't take the imported volumes and assume that reflects what's going on in the marketplace. So it's really hard to estimate the sales at this point about -- for anything that's imported.
Keith Hughes : That was my second question. The import numbers are erratic and have been particularly high, too. Do you think that indicates LVT ramping its growth back up from some more limited growth in 2019? Or is there just some inventory build ahead of this price increase?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's hard to tell. One is as the base continues to get bigger, the growth rate is not going to grow at the same rate it has been, and the growth rate is going to slow. And I think it's still going to grow but just at a lower growth rate.
Keith Hughes : Okay. Second question -- or third question, I guess, within price/mix in ceramic, you called that out the negative in the discussion, and it's been negative for some time. With some of this reemergence of residential growth and some pricing you talked about, is that something that could flip to the positive in the near term?
Chris Wellborn: Well, Keith, typically residential pricing would be less than commercial pricing. So I wouldn't expect help on a pricing. Secondly, so far, with the imports coming in, the pricing has been under pressure on those 2. So I don't -- wouldn't expect a whole lot of help from pricing. We are taking a price increase to offset transportation and other costs. But generally, I don't -- the shift to residential is going to help us.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The countries where the imported ceramic's coming from, most of the countries, their exchange rates have weakened in the past 6 months, which isn't helping things.
Operator: Your next question is from Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard : On the U.S. tile business, the conversation you just had, I'd love to get a little bit more sense of where this goes from here. And specifically, with less commercial volume, it seems like that would create some excess capacity in the industry. What's going on with currency? It seems like it could create a more aggressive pricing environment. And I understand your need to take price to offset costs. But as we look forward for the next 6 or 9 months, it seems like it could be a more competitive environment for pricing or per share. Am I missing something? Or am I looking at this wrong in the U.S. tile business?
Chris Wellborn: Well, I think the tile business is going to remain competitive in the United States. But as you may already know, we have implemented restructuring initiatives that are being executed as planned. In North America, we've closed 2 manufacturing facilities and consolidated distribution points. And we've reduced SG&A, manufacturing and also lower-performing products. So I think we'll be in an environment where pricing is competitive, but we are reducing our cost at the same time.
Eric Bosshard : Okay. Are others -- I guess just a follow-on within this, are -- is the rest of the industry putting through price increases as well? Or what's the trend across the industry in terms of pricing?
Chris Wellborn: Really, we don't know at this point. All we can -- we do know that the average price of imports have declined and that we have recently implemented or in the process of implementing a price increase, but we don't know yet about the other competitors.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The price increase is basically focused on the freight. If you look around the country, the freight rates are going up dramatically. The transportation systems are tight. And so all the cost of everybody who's moving anything are going to go up, not only us.
Operator: Our next question is from Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Phil Ng : Congrats on a solid quarter. Outside the commercial piece in the U.S., your international business seems to have snapped back much faster versus U.S. So I'm just trying to get a better sense. It sounds like that's partly due to labor and maybe just lack of inventory. Should you -- should we expect that catch-up dynamic playing out the next few quarters as your operations improve here?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The question -- I -- give me the...
Frank Boykin : I'm not sure we heard the question real well on our end. So can you go through it one more time, please?
Phil Ng : Yes. Should we -- yes, no problem. It sounds like -- it looks like your results in international did much better than the U.S. Just trying to understand why international saw a quicker snapback. It sounds like it's partly due to labor inventory, lack of that in the U.S. Can you expand on that? And do you expect that catch-up dynamic could play out as well in the U.S. the next few quarters?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The first part of it is that the regions -- that the majority of our businesses are in Northern Europe, which performed better. Second is they have a much higher percentage of residential sales so they didn't have the same impact on the commercial volume and commercial margins, and the commercial margins in our businesses are higher than our residential businesses. So they also suffer. At the same time, we had -- the LVT performance over there is better. We have a new plant in Russia that turned profitable and is doing well. We're increasing the shifts in both LVT and sheet vinyl layer to satisfy demand. And then we also had the occurrence in our Australian business that the Australian business also performed really well. And we think a lot of it's because of pent-up demand and we were better positioned than our competitors in the marketplace.
Phil Ng : Got it. That's helpful, Jeff. And then from an LVT standpoint in the U.S., any way to help us understand -- give us some watermarks to look at going forward in terms of where you are in terms of that evolution of being profitable. Any color on where your capacitization levels are for the U.S. lines? And where are you with that evolution on improving your mix?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think we're about 3 to 4, maybe 5 months, behind the European one. The European businesses are all profitable, and so the reason we're bringing over the people is to catch up. In addition, in Europe, they're one step ahead of us with new products and innovations in the marketplace. So their mix is a little higher, which we'll be introducing here as we catch up to them.
Phil Ng : Okay. Should we expect you getting closer to profitable early next year if you kind of close that 3 to 4 month gap?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think so.
Operator: Your next question is from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson : It's our understanding from an industry standpoint, at least in the North American business, that the time off around Thanksgiving and the Christmas holidays this year is shorter than it's been in previous years. Could you discuss how you're approaching time off around those 2 holidays this year compare against what was happening last year? And final point with that, given COVID and different ways you have to operate, also discuss how you approach potential multiple shifts.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So first, the holidays do fall on different time frames. So one is it could have a positive impact on the volume due to the timing. On the business shifts and the closures of the holidays, they're all around the inventories and service levels that are required. We can increase or decrease them within some limits based on the business volume and get volunteers to work through some of the holidays if they -- usually, there's a group that can. So if we need more capacity in our projections, we can increase the utilization of the plants and keep running them to raise inventories if we think we need to.
Kathryn Thompson : Well, maybe more directly, are you taking less time off this year around the holidays versus last year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, to tell you the truth, we don't know how demand is going to be over the next 2 months with COVID, and so we're leaving everything flexible because we have no idea what's going to happen to the volume at this minute. And we're working almost week-to-week, trying to anticipate what's happening. But we don't know if governments are going to restrict us more or not restrict us more, and we don't know how the consumer is going to react. So we're producing as necessary.
Frank Boykin : The other side of that, too, is, as we've said several times, our inventories are below where they need to be, and we're running production as hard as we can to try to get caught up.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're looking at now all the way through the first quarter of the pieces and trying to see how the thing works. And at the same time, we're trying to estimate next year's requirements, which is really hard to do.
Kathryn Thompson : Yes. So I totally appreciate that. I was thinking, all else equal, if you were able to do that, would you. Okay. I guess with that backdrop, assuming that you continue, is it your assumption based on if demand remains as is right now with your current production levels, just to be clear, do you believe you'll be able to meet sufficient by the end of Q1 with current production levels? Or is it the type of thing that would require a longer time period to catch up?
Jeff Lorberbaum: No. We're going to catch up by the end of the year the demand pieces, we believe. But the inventories is the question, what level will they get to and where they are, and it's all dependent on how strong the demand is through November and December relative to our production rates. And we're not sure -- normally, seasonally, it falls off. And we're expecting our inventories to go up in both the fourth quarter and the first quarter, is it to get them to where we want them be for next year. And then we're going to keep adjusting the strategy based on how we see the consumers reacting in COVID.
Operator: Your next question is from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs.
Susan Maklari : Congratulations on a good quarter. My first question is, going back to Europe, can you talk a little bit about some of the shutdowns that we're starting to see go into effect in some of those countries? And how you're thinking about any differences there relative to what we saw back in the spring in March and April? And maybe how you could react differently this time around relative to back then?
Jeff Lorberbaum: To begin with, it's too early for us to feel them. At this point, the cases have gone up, but it really hasn't -- we haven't seen any impact in either our demand relative to the new changes or to limitations they're putting on us. At the moment, they are limiting more social activities. They're limiting what time people go to bed, they -- how they go out at night. They're limiting bars and restaurants. And so up to this point, we haven't seen it. So we're going to have to see to how restricted do they get and what, if any, impact it's going to have on us.
Frank Boykin : We went through this last time, too, Susan, with the definition of essential businesses both in the U.S. and over in Europe back in March, April and May, and we're going through the same exercise now. But so far, we're considered to be essential businesses.
Susan Maklari : Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then my next question is, you mentioned that you are starting to see some inflation, obviously, in your input cost. Can you give us some idea of the magnitude of that inflation and how we should be thinking about it as we get into next year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's different by product, by category. I think as we ran through the earlier description, what you heard was we were raising prices in a number of categories. I'll try to run through some of them. U.S. ceramic, mostly based on freight; Brazilian ceramic; U.S. carpet; U.S. LVT; European sheet with vinyl and LVT with vinyl costs going up; and European installation with the raw materials there. So all those are in process of being enacted. The oil prices are really difficult to predict. So how they're going to react and where they're going to go, we're going to have to follow them. There's also the supply and demand of the various places in between. So in vinyl in Europe, there's a really tight supply of it. So the prices are going up. So it's really hard to predict how all the supply and demands are going to work out, and we're reacting as appropriate.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Lovallo with Bank of America.
John Lovallo : Maybe starting, Frank, with SG&A. On a dollar basis in the second quarter, it was down year-over-year. I'm just curious the sustainability of that given some of the cost-containment and productivity efforts on one side and then the increased marketing expense, hiring, et cetera, on the other side. I mean should we see that begin to increase on a year-over-year basis, the dollar amount of SG&A?
Frank Boykin : Right now, as Jeff said, that we did pull back in the third quarter on marketing expenses, and we have to begin to normalize that in the fourth quarter. But we continue to see benefits from our restructuring plans as well, which will help lower that cost.
John Lovallo : Okay. And then maybe just on Global Ceramic. You guys mentioned a shift in sales focus towards residential. Just curious what that actually involves. I mean is that simply repositioning people or hiring new people? Or is it just saying, "Hey, look, we need you guys to focus more on this part of the business."? I mean maybe you could just walk us through that.
Chris Wellborn: Well, what's happened and as the commercial slowed down, we've taken resources out of that business. And at the same time, we've added resources in the residential business, both on the remodeling and the new construction. The -- and I think that residential business looks like it's got some legs on it for several months into next year and maybe beyond. Commercial, we think, will come back. But for right now, there's not been a whole lot of projects started, and so we've pulled back in that area.
Operator: Your next question is from Matthew Bouley with Barclays.
Matthew Bouley : The rest of world margin of 19%, can you maybe unpack a little bit what drove that margin strength? And I guess to what degree was that helped by -- I think you mentioned producing a little more during August, the vacation period than you typically do. Just trying to understand what the profitability of that business should look like on a more normalized basis.
Chris Wellborn: Well, I can take that. In Q3, our volume was higher as the economy rebounded in all areas. We had higher productivity with volume. And we -- as you mentioned, we had lower vacation stops. We had lower material cost, but that was offset by price/mix. LVT and Russian sheet improved performance. In Australia and New Zealand, we were better due to increased volume from deferred purchases. Q4 will be lower margins due to seasonality, higher cost and additional marketing investments.
Matthew Bouley : Got it. Second one is the language you mentioned around pivoting more aggressive growth, I guess, in light of the improving balance sheet. Could you discuss kind of if there have been any areas that you felt constrained on from an investment perspective? And kind of what's on the, I guess, the wish list?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think it's -- you have to back up a little. The last 6 months, I mean all focus has been on surviving an unknown future and trying to manage day-to-day, changing the strategies almost week-to-week. And so anything about future investments were put on hold, any looking at acquisitions was put away. So we've gone through this period, and we didn't know what the demand and cash flows were going to be like. So at this point, we're getting comfortable that the business has improved significantly, and we have to go back and start looking at alternatives and pieces. And today, we still have a constriction on capital expenses, where we postponed things that we think are good projects. And we have to decide what next year is going to look like and how aggressively to approach it. And then we are restarting at this point, looking at alternatives to grow the business, go into new product categories and potential acquisitions. But we're just starting to do that as the business is starting to normalize.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut : Congrats on the results. First, I just wanted to get a sense, if possible, you had mentioned inventory build during the third quarter. And just wanted to get a sense for what that contributed to the overall sales growth and if there were any segments where there were larger, where it contributed more than others.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's a question of third quarter or the fourth quarter?
Michael Rehaut : Well, both, if I could be so bold, but I'll settle for what the contribution was in the third quarter, if you could give me on a relative basis. I know that you said for 4Q, there'll be less of a growth from -- less of a contribution from inventory growth. But just love to hear your thoughts on, again, what roughly was the percent sales growth contribution from the inventory restocking.
Frank Boykin : Mike, I think...
Jeff Lorberbaum: First is in the third quarter, the inventory of the whole business actually went down $80 million. So the inventories declined in the third quarter even with all our efforts. Now as we went through the period, the inventory -- the production rates increased as we went through the period. And with that, we still have a lot of cost with training people, absenteeism, COVID across the different businesses. So we expect those things to get better going forward. But as the cases in the communities go up, we'll have to see what happens.
Frank Boykin : And maybe just to make sure we understood your question...
Michael Rehaut : Yes. I'm not referring to the inventory decline at your own business. What I was referring to -- and maybe I'm misunderstanding it, but what I thought you had said in the prepared remarks was that in the sales into the channel, there was some inventory restocking by your customers as demand rebounded as well. And so if that was the case, not what your own inventory balances did, but what the sales into the channel did, if you have any sense of what contribution to sales growth the inventory restocking by your customers was.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't have perfect views into it. We know that coming out of the second quarter, just like the rest of us, that they all reduced their inventories not knowing what was going to happen, and they came into the third period with low inventories. The sales improved in most of them. And so they tried to increase the -- one is they tried to satisfy the demand, and they've tried to get some of the inventories up in their own places. We think they're still low in most of the channel, but we're not sure because we have very poor views of what's going on through it, is it. We know that -- in specific instances with some large customers, we know we have not been able to supply them the volume they wanted to increase their inventories. And we think there's going to be, in those parts, some inventory increases. Now what we can't tell is, because we don't have the view, is what's going to happen, which is why another piece in the demand which we're uncomfortable with. We can't tell if some of it was to increase inventories and that they will reduce the orders as they get further in the period because they -- it won't help them if it doesn't get there in time. So there's a lot of moving parts in this thing that we really don't have good views of.
Michael Rehaut : I appreciate that. I guess secondly, just going back to the share repurchase plan for a moment. I just want to understand and -- is this more of just a general authorization to be implemented over time? Or is this -- it sounded slightly different in terms of the language that this was something that maybe would be happening more immediately and over a shorter time period. And if that's the case, perhaps what type of time period are you looking at?
Frank Boykin : Well, it's a general authorization. I think you had -- that was one of the descriptions you used. This is a general authorization for us to increase the amount of shares we can buy by up to another $500 million. So this is going to allow us to invest in our stock because we believe it's a good value going forward. And so we'll continue to look at different investment alternatives, including this one, capital expenditures and acquisitions, just like we said earlier.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're responding to the COVID crisis as required. As you can tell, our forward visibility is poor, and we're going to have to keep reacting to it. The actions that we've been taking should improve our results next year, both in cutting costs, improving our sales. The commercial businesses, we expect next year to continue to improve. And our balance sheet is strong and will support moving to a more aggressive growth strategy. We appreciate the time you've taken to be with us. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Erica, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded Friday, August 7, 2020. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Erica. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today, we'll update you on the company's second quarter results. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. With regards to our recent litigation and related investigations, our audit committee with assistance from outside legal counsel and forensic accountants has substantially completed its internal investigation. The company has appropriately filed its Form 10-Q for the second quarter. The company continues to cooperate fully with the government inquiries. Beyond that, we refer you to the disclosure in the 10-Q and remind you we cannot comment further. I will now turn the call over to Jeff for his opening remarks. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. For the second quarter, at the heights of the COVID disruption, our sales were down 21% as reported or 19% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted operating income for the period was $36 million or 2% of sales, and our adjusted EPS was $0.37. During the period, our cost production initiatives, working capital reductions and lower capital spending generated free cash flow of almost $500 million. Those sales trends have improved significantly since government restrictions were lifted. The current environment is the most unpredictable in the history of our business as the pandemic has affected our markets and operations around the world. During the quarter, all of our businesses were dramatically impacted with most of our customers and facilities operating either in a limited capacity or completely shut down for some time. Residential remodeling was impacted by retail shops closing and consumers staying at home. Commercial has declined as business have postponed their projects due to economic uncertainty. U.S. housing starts and home builder competence improved sharply in June as the market rebounded. In the period, our operations were curtailed or stopped by government mandates, employee concerns and lack of demand. We responded to these challenges by keeping our workforce safe, cutting expenses in investments and furloughing employees. In the U.S., government programs provided tax credits to our business. Federal unemployment supplements have made attracting workers more difficult. Outside the U.S., many government subsidized businesses to keep workers employed and others required companies to continue paying employees that were not working in full. After the company sales bottomed in April, our May and June results appreciably improved across the segments as stay at home restrictions were gradually lifted, consumers initiated remodeling projects, stores reopened and construction increase. Through the period, our markets improved more than we expected and our shipments exceeded our production rates, reducing our inventory. Our manufacturing levels were impacted by government restrictions, COVID disruptions and employee absenteeism across the enterprise. At this time, our visibility to future continues to be uncertain due to persistent COVID spread, the unknown strength and the economic recovery. Some near-term factors represent a potential upside, including historically low interest rates, rising remodeling activity, consumer discretionary funds being shifted to home improvements and increasing home purchases. Alternately, potential changes in government policies, consumer and business spending and higher COVID infection rates could reduce demand around the world, particularly the governments increased restrictions. Given these factors, our business plans must remain flexible to quickly adjust our production levels. We are restructuring the business to enhance our results and future performance. We're reducing SG&A, our headcount and lowering, performing  and lower performing products and SKUs. Were closing less efficient operations and investing in more productive equipment. The largest of these changes are in the United States, where LVT sales growth and a strong dollar had impacted many of our businesses. We anticipate these actions will deliver annual savings of approximately $110 million to $120 million with an estimated cost of $170 million, of which $44 million will be in cash. Many of these actions are currently being executed with those affecting our manufacturing costs happen to flow through our inventory. It will take much of next year to complete these initiatives and capture the full benefit. Our business is well positioned with a strong balance sheet and deep liquidity. We've recently issued over $1 billion of new bonds to enhance our ability to strategically invest and better position Mohawk for the long-term. We're taking the right steps to manage through the pandemic and we remain focused on delivering innovative products, exceptional value and superior service. Our talented people are devoted to making Mohawk the best foreign supplier to our customers, improving our business in all areas and maximizing our results. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank for our second quarter results.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Sales for the quarter were $2.50 billion, down 21% as reported, but decreased 19% on a constant basis as the pandemic and related recession significantly impacted our business. Our gross margin was 18% as reported or 21.4% excluding charges compared to 28.8% last year. The year-over-year decrease was driven primarily by lower volume, shutdown costs, negative price mix and unfavorable productivity, offset by deflation. The actual amounts of all of these items is included in the 10-Q that was filed yesterday. SG&A as reported was $431 million or 21% of sales, and 19.7% compared to 18.1%, both of which exclude charges. It was down $63 million or 13% excluding charges, primarily from savings and furloughs, layoffs and government support. Other unusual charges were $97 million, of which $29 million was cash, primarily related to the $170 million cost reduction initiative that Jeff just mentioned. We are adjusting our capacity by closing inefficient operations, as well as consolidating some others, reducing the workforce and streamlining our SKUs. We estimate annual savings of approximately $110 million to $120 million when complete. Our operating margin excluding charges was 1.7% compared to 10.7% last year. The decline was driven by weaker volume, shut down costs and unfavorable price mix, partially offset by productivity and deflation. Our detrimental margin was 45% for the quarter and resulted from sales dropping faster than cost. Our third quarter operating margin is expected to improve sequentially from the second quarter, but will be lower than last year with pressure on pricing and product mix, along with higher manufacturing cost. Looking at income taxes. On a non-GAAP basis, we had no tax expense in the second quarter. Going forward, the rate could vary significantly in the next two quarters between 16% and 22% due to changes in profit before tax and/or geographic dispersion of income. Our earnings per share, excluding charges, came in at $0.37 compared to $2.89 last year. Turning to the segments. In the Ceramic segment, we had sales of $753 million, down 21% as reported, with the business down 19% on a constant basis. The Russian business performed best with new construction and owned retail shops driving performance. Our operating margin, excluding charges, was 0.5% compared to 12.3% last year. The decline was driven by higher shutdown costs and unfavorable volume and price mix, offset by increased productivity. In Ceramic, we expect the cost of our restructuring initiative to be $80 million. In the Flooring North America segment, sales were $800 million, down 19% as reported. As laminate performed best with its waterproof features and DIY installation, appealing to consumers. Our operating loss margin, excluding charges, was a negative 2.2% compared to 6.7% last year. The decrease in earnings was driven by lower volume and productivity, as well as shutdown costs, offset partially by deflation. We're estimating restructuring cost of $54 million in this segment, as we consolidate production and distribution assets, closed high-cost plants and reduce our workforce. In the Rest of the World segment, sales were $496 million, down 23% as reported and decreased by 20% on a constant basis. Sales in this segment declined more rapidly in April, but improved more quickly later in the quarter. Our operating margin, excluding charges, was 11.9% compared to 16.4% last year. The main drivers were lower volume and shutdown costs, partially offset by productivity and deflation. As we streamline our product offering and reduced staffing levels over the next few quarters, we will incur cost of $36 million in this segment. Our corporate and elimination segment had an operating loss of $10 million, and we are expecting a total loss for the year of $39 million. Jumping to the balance sheet. Cash for the quarter was $738 million and includes the remaining proceeds from the two bond offerings earlier this year, after paying down outstanding commercial paper. Receivables were $1.586 billion with days sales outstanding at 64 days compared to 59 last year. Inventories were $1.922 billion and dropped almost $450 million or 19% from last year as all businesses made significant cuts to their inventory. Inventory days were flat with last year at 126 days. Our fixed assets were $4.435 billion included in the quarter, capital expenditures of $81 million, and depreciation and amortization of $154 million. In the second quarter, we cut our estimated annual  estimated capital expenditures by $150 million to $400 million. We're in the process of evaluating the amount going forward based on changing economic conditions. Our D&A is estimated for the full year at $585 million. Going to long-term debt. The balance sheet and cash flow both remained strong with total debt at $2.7 billion and leverage at 1.6 times net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA. I remain  our ratings all remain unchanged at BBB+ or Baa1. I will now turn the call over to Chris to go through the segment results in more detail, Chris?
Chris Wellborn: Thank you, Frank. In the Global Ceramic Segment all of our businesses around the world were impacted by government reactions to the pandemic. Within the segment, Southern Europe and Mexico implemented the most dramatic regulations, suspending commerce and our operations for extended periods of time. To improve our performance, we're reducing our cost and complexity and aligning production with demand, while all of our businesses have improved, future demand is uncertain and we will respond as conditions change. In the U.S. Ceramic market, any of our retail customers were closed for some time, while construction continued in most markets, the Northeast and Midwest regions were most impacted during the period due to greater state restrictions. For example, our ceramic manufacturing in Pennsylvania was closed for an extended time along with most of our customers in that region. To manage the situation, we reduced cost across the business, including furloughs to decrease our overhead, cutting marketing activity, differing product introductions and controlling manufacturing and distribution costs. Demand increased faster than we anticipated and our inventories declined as we ramped up production. Presently, all of our U.S. plants are operating and our service level is improving. Our new click ceramic tile is being delivered to our customers and sales should increase throughout the year. Our new countertop facility in Tennessee has become profitable and will improve with higher volume and mix. We have begun producing higher value products with more stylized colors and veining. Our new B2B systems are making product selection, ordering and picking up faster and safer for our customers and employees. We have implemented measures that exceed CDC guidelines to keep our workforce safe. Given pressures on the U.S. ceramic industry, we are consolidating manufacturing into our most advanced facilities and closing our least efficient assets. We are combining some of our sales service centers, where they overlap in local markets. With lower commercial activity, we are refocusing our sales efforts to broaden our position in new home construction. We are taking out lower volume SKUs to reduce complexity and improve our costs. We have made permanent staffing reductions to reduce our fixed costs and align with current demand. The Mexican economy has declined significantly impacting employment, retail and construction. Our manufacturing operations in Mexico are currently running, but were limited during the second quarter under government orders. During this time we were required to pay our workforce without any government assistance. All of those plants are currently running and most of our customers are open for business. To reduce our costs, we are rationalizing our current product offering and aligning our production and workforce with demand. As the peso has weakened, we're increasing our position in the premium market to replace imported ceramic and introducing promotional products to increase our sales. The Brazilian economy is contracting as the COVID pandemic reduces business activity. Interest rates are at historical lows and government programs to stimulate housing sales are being introduced. Our sales are improving as retail stores reopened in Brazil's major cities. Our exports have expanded as the local currency has weakened. With inventories low, we're increasing our production to support local sales and improve our service. We're further improving our cost structures and reducing our workforce. Our Southern European ceramic business was impacted during the period by severe lockdowns, especially within Italy, which was the epicenter of the COVID crisis. Both our customers and our plants were completely shut down for extended periods. Presently, we have limited cases of the virus due to safety measures in the local communities and our facilities. As the country has opened up, our sales dramatically improved. Our Eastern European operations were less affected and demand has improved significantly. Our European exports to other continents are down substantially as major projects have been postponed around the world. All of our plants in Europe are ramping up to satisfy demand and service levels should soon approach our target. Continued government subsidies are being used to manage our ongoing costs. We're introducing fewer SKUs this year and are paring down less productive ones. As with the last downturn, we anticipate higher rates of business failures in some of our markets due to their weak economies. In Russia, our ceramic business declined significantly when the country locked down. Our strong position in new construction and our owned and franchised retail stores provided us with better market access and benefited our business. Sales improved through the quarter and our plants are now operating as similar rates to last year. We are placing a greater emphasis on the new construction channel, which the government is investigating to support the economy. Our Flooring North America segment sales declined substantially in April and then improved throughout the quarter as government restrictions were lifted and consumers started shopping and remodeling their homes. With most home centers remaining open products, such as our premium laminate outperformed as homeowners took  undertook new DIY projects. Our inventories declined as sales improved faster than our manufacturing ramped up. Many of our operations are facing challenges, increasing production due to local health concerns in our communities. To enhance the segment's performance, we're reducing our overhead cost and lowering our SG&A. We are taking out higher cost manufacturing assets and consolidating distribution points. We are streamlining our product offering and investing in more efficient assets to reduce costs. Our LVT sales improved as government restrictions were gradually lifted across the country. A significant part of our LVT distribution is through specialty stores, many of which were closed for periods of time. As our LVT sales improved in the quarter, we are increasing our production, though the spread of the COVID is creating challenges. We have improved our manufacturing speeds and processes, however our progress was slowed because European technicians were unable to travel to the U.S. We are upgrading our manufactured and sourced LVT offering to provide enhanced visuals and features while reducing complexity of our collections. In residential carpet, the new home construction channel performed best with housing improving through the period. The remodeling category slowed as retail and installations activities was suspended in some regions. Our mix and pricing declined as the higher value remodeling channel was more impacted and lower price polyester performed better. We are increasing our production to meet greater demand and improve our service levels. The commercial sector continues to be challenged as many businesses are postponing new investments. The education and government sectors were impacted less and the hospitality channel contracted the most. We're providing both virtual and local outdoor events to support architects and designers working remotely. We believe commercial projects will continue to be delayed and the sector will take longer to recover. Our rug business was severely impacted during April as many of our retail customers were completely shut down and their inventories were not replenished. As the period progressed, home centers and mass merchants rebounded first as consumers used our rugs as an easy way to enhance their homes, e-Commerce continues to grow and its importance as a sales channel for our rug collections. We are increasing our production to improve our service and meet our customer's needs. Our laminate business outperformed our other categories as consumers increased DIY projects while at home. We're operating all of our laminate capacity to satisfy this increased demand. Our unique technology provides waterproof solutions and superior visuals as alternatives to other hard services. We are expanding our laminate manufacturing to support our growing market and introduce the next generation of technology, which we are presently selling in Europe. Flooring Rest of the World results continue to outperform our other segments. We were able to take advantage of more flexible government support as well as cut our expenses across the business. Our laminate and LVT categories performed the best in the period. As LVT production in China has recovered, our patent licensing business has fallen. As we went through the period, we saw strong improvement in sales as stores reopened and replaced their inventories. In the segment, we have a much greater presence in the residential remodeling, which is performing better than the commercial category. Our Australian and Russian businesses held up better than Europe due to different government approaches to the pandemic. Across the segment, we have reduced our overhead costs and are consolidating lower volume SKUs. We are now increasing production to meet emerging demand, while protecting our employees health. Our laminate business outperformed our other products as our waterproof collections and new introductions are increasing consumer preference for our products. Through our internet presence, we're supporting our retailers by expanding their online sales. In Russia, our laminate sales declined less and we're increasing the plants production to satisfy demand in other regions. Our flexible and rigid LVT sales improved as we progress through the period as retailers reopened in our key markets. Our manufacturing plants were also impacted and are increasing production to satisfy growing sales. Our residential sales have recovered more than commercial as businesses have deferred projects. In Europe, we manufacture almost all of our LVT and is positively contributing to our results. We are continuing to modify our processes to expand our capacity, reduce our costs and introduce new features into the market. In Europe our sheet vinyl is sold primarily through retailers and sales were significantly reduced by store closures, especially in France and the UK. As in other categories, our business has recovered and we are expanding our production to satisfy our customers. In Russia, our new sheet vinyl plant contributed positively to our results, and we have broadened our product offering to increase our market share. Our insulation business was primarily impacted with COVID with our markets in Ireland and the UK affected the most, when restrictions were lifted the category rebounded in June as contractors completed projects already underway. We are expanding our customer base and the geographic reach of our products. Our wood boards faced similar plant disruptions, which impacted both our sales and margins. We introduced a new virtual showroom and developing specialty products to improve our mix. The start of our new waste to energy plant was delayed due to the pandemic and is in now full operation. The COVID crisis was handled differently in Australia and had a less detrimental impact on our performance. The Australian market has largely recovered and we are seeing improved residential carpet sales. Our European LVT collections were introduced during the period and are expanding our hard surface sales in the region. This month, we implemented pricing increases in Australia to offset cost increases. New Zealand's government enforced one of the most comprehensive lockdowns in response to the pandemic, resulting in significant sales declines during the quarter. New Zealand's economy is now open and the virus is currently contained and our sales are improving. Now I'll return the call back to Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks Chris. Since April, we've seen substantial improvement in all of our segments and markets. The residential remodeling and new construction channels have recovered more than commercial, where businesses are maintaining a cautious approach to investment. Some areas, particularly in the U.S., Brazil and Russia are experiencing an increasing level of COVID cases, which are impacting our operational costs and production levels. Across the business, were decreasing costs by rationalizing asset, minimizing SG&A, reducing our workforce and managing our product offering and working capital. Much uncertainty remains around all of our markets regarding government policies, business confidence and consumer spending. Our sales in July were approximately flat compared to the prior year, but we cannot predict how the sales will evolve going-forward. Given this we're unable to provide guidance for the third quarter, though we anticipate a significant improvement in our results from the second quarter. We managed through the challenging second quarter while generating significant cash flow, strengthening our balance sheet and issuing over $1 billion in bonds. We're taking substantial actions to navigate the changing environment and position Mohawk for the future. Well now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Keith Hughes with Truist Securities. Mr. Hughes, your line is open.
Keith Hughes: Yes. Thank you. In the second quarter, the reduced capacity was a big hit, obviously, in the number, second largest. What do capacities look like for the third given what you've seen in July? You can do that in dollar to year-over-year, whatever the best way to describe it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Sorry. The question was what's the capacity?
Keith Hughes: Yes. I mean, what kind of capacity rate, I mean, are you running at? You cut a lot in the second quarter to get inventory down. What's it going to look like in the third compared to second?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The third quarter, we're running the business at a much higher rate than we were. We're actually trying to increase the inventories because they decrease too much, but we're having difficulties getting them up given the labor issues, vacations in Europe and other things. So they're going to run at much higher rates.
Keith Hughes: Will you equal the rates in the third quarter of last year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It depends on business sector pieces. They're all over the place.
Frank Boykin: One of the end markets, Keith, is not performing as well as you know was commercial. So to the extent, we've got commercial capacities to be running at lower rates than the others.
Keith Hughes: And I guess final question, can you talk on the intro about margins being up in the third from the second, but down year-over-year? Is capacity curtailment the major driver? Or why it's going to be down year-over-year or is it something else?
Frank Boykin: We've got several things that we think are going to be impacting us. We'll have pressure on pricing and we're going to have pressure on product mix. Volumes are also going to be an issue for us. And I think like Jeff mentioned, even as we're trying to get our inventories up now, we are going to have higher manufacturing costs due to COVID labor issues and shorter product runs as we try to rebalance our inventories.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Justin Speer with Zelman Associates.
Justin Speer: Thanks, guys. Just one quick question on the trends, you mentioned flattish trends in the July. Are there any major distinctions by the segments? Or are they all kind of trending similarly into July?
Frank Boykin: Yes. We said July was basically flat compared to last year and improved more than we had anticipated. And overall Rest of the World did better than the other two categories  other two segments.
Justin Speer: And then the other thing, and just in terms of the phasing of the benefits to profits from the restructuring efforts that you've already taken, how should we think about that phasing in the back half? And then as we think about, I know that you mentioned annualizing it in 2021, but in the back half that should be an offset, we would  I would assume to some of the other headwinds that you're seeing, but you're saying that the other headwinds will be more than that?
Frank Boykin: Sorry, your question is on the savings, how are they going to phase in? Was that your question?
Justin Speer: Right. And so  Im just kind of following on Keith's question about the year-over-year change in margins. They may be pressured from some of the actions, labor issues, shorter productivity runs. I guess those will not  those will more than offset any kind of benefit from the phasing to restructuring. I was just curious if you could quantify some of the tailwinds from just the restructuring efforts that you announced and took  the $100 million charge that you took in the second quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. What happened, we started out with basically on our experience from 2008 and 2009, we decided that if the business was going to slow down, we're going to take more aggressive actions earlier to improve our position. With that, were cutting SG&A, reducing the workforce, were streamlining our product offering, were closing less efficient plants and investing more in efficient assets, which we got to the $110 million to $120 million of savings. It will take through next year to complete those and capture the full benefit. The manufacturing savings, don't forget, will have to flow through inventory, which will be three to five months later depending upon what it is and where it is. We estimate just at a really high level that the savings will range from about $15 million to $25 million per quarter until we achieve the results that we expect. And then just as a comment, remember that the margins for everything are really dependent on the future sales, and in the short-term COVID affecting it and we're really not sure where they're going to be.
Justin Speer: Well, that makes sense. And If I could sneak one more in on this subject, just thinking about the broader trends, thinking about the actions that you're taking in terms of capacity rationalization, I guess how much of your non-LVT businesses are going to be rationalized from these efforts? And are these adjustments just reconciling for the relative share loss to LVT that's already taking place? Or are these accommodating for maybe potential further erosion to LVT in the future?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We are setting the business up at a level we think that it will be  needed to be at for the future. We've made the adjustments in the ceramic capacities. Weve consolidated some of the higher cost assets in the Flooring Rest of the World, I mean, in the Flooring North America. And then we've taken costs down in every part of the business in every segment, anticipating that it's not going to be a V straight up and stay there.
Justin Speer: Thank you very much, guys.
Frank Boykin: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets.
Mike Dahl: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. A question  the first question is really around from a channel standpoint in the U.S. Can you remind us how much of your business goes into specialty and  both in Flooring North America and Global Ceramic? And then given the relative restrictions on specialty versus home centers in the quarter, how do you think about the share shift dynamic and whether or not that's just kind of accelerated share shift towards home centers over the medium-term, or whether your specialty channel can kind of play catch up to that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You asked a lot of different questions. The specialty channel, the home center channel in most of the markets stayed open through this piece. So what happened is as the specialty stores were shutdown and the only place for customers to buy our products were in the home centers in many markets. Over the period, that changed. So that's a temporary change in the business. In total over the past 15, 20 years, the home centers have continued to expand their participation in the market and take share, and it's different by product categories, the larger the category is and do it yourself and/or some other different contracting businesses depends on where it ends up and which channel its in. So I don't see this being a significant change in the short-term, but just a same continuation they had been on.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Got it. Thanks, Jeff. And second question, just back on the restructuring. I understand there's been spare capacity and then probably some underperforming SKUs in terms of things that are getting either consolidated or rationalized. Is there any sales impact we should be thinking about though, when you take out this much capacity and you take out some of the SKUs? Do you think there is a corresponding sales impact? Or is this really  you're going to be able to replace any lost sales with other kind of productivity measures?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're being more aggressive in getting rid of low volume SKUs. We have alternatives to the products to offer the customers, but there's always risks of trying to transition one to the other. The goal is to end up with more businesses with a more consolidated offering.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard: Two questions. First of all, throughout the segment you talked about price and mix pressure. Curious if you could just expand on that a little bit, where you're seeing that and what is driving that, and then also the kind of ongoing outlook for price and mix?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's occurring in all of the different categories. First is that, commercial businesses tend to be higher margin than the residential businesses. The commercial businesses have taken a bigger hit and are coming back slower, and we're not sure how they're going to evolve over time. Within the other pieces in the more promotional products are tending to sell more than the other during downturn, some because the higher end shops and stores that sell them, the people that had it pulled back in the market more, we're going to have to see how that evolves going forward. It's a little early to tell what the  if it's going to be a permanent change or not, we're just assuming that the market's going to be more difficult and we're going to have to respond to competitive positions all around the world.
Frank Boykin: And then going forward, I mean, as we've said numerous times, we have a really hard time looking out beyond just a few weeks in this environment, but we would anticipate that we will continue to see price mix pressure going forward through the rest of this year.
Eric Bosshard: And then a follow-up on restructuring. It sounds like you've outlined a good program. I'm just curious when considering, what's taken place in the industry, especially in the U.S. for the last number of years and the contraction and operating profit of the company in total, if you had considered a larger program aimed at generating more cost out, more cost savings? Or is that just unreasonable with how the business is set up or how you view the market? Just curious if there was a program that could have netted $200 million or $300 million of savings, or if that's just not reasonable?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It all starts with how you perceive the market's going to be in the future and what you need to satisfy it. At the moment, we believe that the changes we made are set up for how we believe the best guess that the business is going to be for the next few years, but we'll have to see what happens.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Matthew Bouley with Barclays.
Matthew Bouley: Hey, thanks for taking the question. Theres a lot of discussion around the costs that are being cut, but I think, Jeff, you mentioned in the opening remarks that $1 billion in bonds that there were some intention around strategic investments there. I guess just if you could outline some of the areas that are sort of top of mind for investment?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're always looking at acquisitions to go through. At this point, it's a little hard to aggressively do acquisitions given that you don't know the environment in cases, but we're always talking to different people on acquisitions. On the business, we're trying to minimize the capital investments for the moment, but we believe there will be greater visibility in the not distant future and we'll start changing it. If you go back a month and a half ago, the directive was stop everything that you could stop. And we really haven't moved from that at this moment, but we're trying to decide what it should be. And every week we get a better view of the market and what we should do.
Matthew Bouley: Okay. Got it. And then just as my follow-up, in U.S. Ceramic, I think you mentioned something about refocusing on new construction. Could you talk about what the exposure is now and what you want to get that to? And kind of the implications on price mix there?
Frank Boykin: Well, what we're seeing in the U.S. Ceramic, just like the others, commercial is slowing. We are  they are finishing existing projects, but we anticipate that slowing, but we also think there's a significant opportunity in remodeling and new construction. So we're taking advantage and moving our sales and assets in that direction.
Matthew Bouley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut: All right. Thanks. Good morning, and it's Mike Rehaut. Thanks for taking my questions. So I just wanted to circle back for a moment to the cost savings. And I believe, Jeff, you had said or Frank that you were kind of looking at a $15 million to $20 million a quarter. I wasn't sure if that was something that you would expect would kick-in in the third quarter. Obviously, you talked about there being a lag in terms of the manufacturing benefit that we might not see that impact until, let's say, the first quarter of 2021. I was just really hoping to get a sense of, of the $110 million or $120 million of overall annualized savings, how much is expected to be realized in 2020 and specifically 3Q and 4Q? Thanks.
Frank Boykin: We're expecting, like Jeff said, to average between $15 million and $25 million of savings a quarter. We're expecting to start realizing savings in the third quarter. But we're also saying that, as we go forward, we expect that margins are going to be impacted by volumes still. And that's a big question mark, right, in terms of how the volume returns or not. As well as short-term labor impact from the COVID virus, how that might impact the workforce and productivity as we continue to rebuild our inventory and get it back to where it needs to be.
Michael Rehaut: And the $15 million to $25 million, that would be kind of proportional along the lines of the restructuring cost or charge breakdown that you had said before the $80 million for ceramic, et cetera?
Frank Boykin: No, not necessarily.
Michael Rehaut: How should we think about the breakdown by segment then?
Frank Boykin: Yes. We werent going to disclose that one.
Michael Rehaut: All right. Maybe just kind of shifting gears a second to the sales side. Obviously, kind of a strong decline across the board, it's been a pretty tight range in the second quarter. Frank, you mentioned that for July Rest of the World did a little better than the other two segments. Obviously, if you're flat, that would kind of imply a little bit of growth, let's say, for the Rest of the World and maybe a little bit of a decline for the other two segments. Any type of directional thoughts around the degree of magnitude for each would be helpful. And if you're seeing a better ramp, let's say, in one segment versus the other in terms of what you've seen throughout 2Q emerge, would also be very helpful.
Frank Boykin: No, it's  Mike, it's hard, like we've said, to give a lot of guidance on how things are developing over a very long period of time. And we  right now what we're seeing is Rest of the World is coming back more quickly. I think, as I mentioned, they went down more quickly, but have come back more quickly as well in the second quarter. Also in Rest of the World, they have more of their business in residential as opposed to commercial. Commercial, as Jeff had mentioned, was being impacted more by this, and has not come back as much as residential. They  in addition, they have more of their business in both laminate and LVT, and those two categories have also performed well.
Chris Wellborn: The business has really obscured because right now, in the Europe business and the rest of the world, we can't tell whether the orders we're seeing now are filling the pipeline and the channel. And they're trying to get ahead due to the  what they didn't pick up, that they normally do going into the vacation season or whether this is a view of ongoing business. And that same question we have in everything we're doing. The business has improved, the orders are improving, but we can't tell what is projects that were started in April and May that are postponed to now, and are they going to continue at that rate or is there a bubble, we can't tell what's going to happen with businesses investing in the business and all through the piece we can create dramatic scenarios in either direction and the reason we're not giving guidance is we don't know which one's going to probable.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI.
Stephen Kim: Thanks very much guys. Just wanted to ask a question longer-term about Flooring North America, I guess that's a start, I was a little surprised that you mentioned that the improvement you did generally better than you expected, mostly it sounded like in Flooring Rest of the World not Flooring North America. So I just wanted to clarify, did the USA operations in general exceed your expectations as well? But a more longer-term question about margins in Flooring North America, one thing that investors are concerned about is the idea that FNA margins are maybe artificially high a few years ago as inventories were rising. And maybe there's a fear that some of these lower margins that we're dealing with more recently are more reflective of the margins going forward, but obviously there's a lot of near term things that are weighing down the market. And so I'm wondering what you think the longer-term margin structure in Flooring North America looks like? Is it reasonable to think we can get back to where we were a few years ago, mid-to-high teens or once these discreet challenges are behind you, or do you think that the longer-term margin structure is maybe a little lower than it was at that time?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, let's start with the first question, which was what's different in our projection. Everything, I mean we were projecting the market to be much more difficult and not to rebound as much as it has to. On our pieces, we were preparing for a much longer slower recovery than we've seen at this point. Now, how it's going to go on from here is anybody's guess isn't it. So that's the first one. The Flooring North America, we changed management a little over a year ago, we're continuing to put different processes in place to improve our operations and run them better, improve our margins and profitability in the business. And we have a huge amount of activities going on to do that, we expect the margins to improve. We'll see how far we can get them.
Stephen Kim: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh: Good morning, Jeff. Good morning, Frank. How are you?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Frank Boykin: Good.
Sam Darkatsh: Two questions., I'd hope they're quick. So I'll be allowed to ask them. In light of your being under inventoried at the end of the second quarter, I'm guessing that included stock-outs. So your July sales results being flat, I'm wondering how much of a benefit July saw from shipping unfilled orders from Q2 and how much of it really is truly current demand. I'm trying to get a sense of the sustainability of that July trend?
Frank Boykin: The order backlogs are still simply  we haven't been able to push the backlog down because the sales have been going up. So we still need to get the inventories up and we haven't gotten them up high enough to achieve the service levels we want on one side, but going back to the prior comments we're not sure how much of this is a bubble from before and how much is inventory in the channels. So to answer your question, we need both of those and we don't have it.
Sam Darkatsh: And my last one would be, given FIFO should we expect input cost benefits to accelerate going forward in the P&L?
Frank Boykin: I'm not sure they're going to accelerate. We're going to continue  when you say input cost, you mean depletion materials.
Sam Darkatsh: Yes. The benefits from input costs, yes.
Frank Boykin: Yes. I think we will continue to see benefits going-forward, but I wouldn't say they're going to move  benefits is going to increase sequentially. And some of the businesses are  in different businesses the price mix is offsetting the decrease in raw materials in many cases.
Sam Darkatsh: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. I'm just curious where are you if your journey optimizing your LVT facilities in North America, in terms of breaking even? It looks like the exemptions on imports are at least going away for now. Do you have that ability to kind of meet that demand as your capacity ramps up this back half, is that a nice windfall for you guys?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's start. What he's talking about is, there were duties on click LVT that were withdrawn a year ago for a year. I think it was yesterday, the government has reinstated the duties on those products. With that, what we think is going to happen is, the reverse of what happened last year is that the industry will have to increase prices to cover the tariffs which would increase the value of our manufacturing as we go through. With the businesses, the European operations are ahead of our U.S. operations in their improvements. The European operation is profitable today and it's going to continue to improve as we continue to enhance the operations and tech costs out. The U.S. improvements are following, but again I think we said it before, we are expected to have multiple engineers over here all through the second quarter helping the group do the same thing we've already done. I don't know if you know that you can't travel between the two, so all of that's been postponed, but we are with or without increasing the production speeds and processes and all of them, and at the same time, we're introducing new products and styling to help the businesses we go through. So I think it should help us. I think we're getting better at it and we're turning the corner.
Phil Ng: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Tim Wojs with Baird.
Tim Wojs: Hey guys. Good morning. I just had one question on ceramic. Is there a way just with the restructuring that you could frame for us in maybe percentage terms, the structural capacity that youre reducing within the ceramic business?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. We're only a reducing capacity in the U.S. We're taking out our least efficient assets which is about 10% to 15% of the total and that'll improve our costs, but yet support our future needs.
Tim Wojs: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Laura Champine with Loop Capital.
Laura Champine: Thanks for taking my question. It's about a disclosure in your 10-Q, that says that earlier this week your audit committee completed an investigation of certain allegations. Is it fair to say that if material restatements were deemed necessary, those would have been taken in this quarter or is that the wrong read?
Frank Boykin: You know, like we've said earlier in my intro, we outlined basically what we could say and talk about with regards to that. You're asking if the financial statements are correct. Yes, the financial statements are correct. But beyond that, with regards to the investigation like I said, we really can't comment.
Laura Champine: Understood. Then if I can get a quick follow-on onto a previous question, have you disclosed the utilization rate in your LVT plants in the U.S. right now, just give us a sense of how much volume you can serve as hopefully demand picks up there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We haven't, but what's happening is, the capacity is increasing as the productivity and efficiencies are going up. So we can service business significantly greater than we have.
Laura Champine: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning. My question is around the mix shift. You commented that you're seeing that as an ongoing pressure in the business. But in the U.S., as we have seen that consumers are perhaps shifting some of their spend more to home improvement. How are you seeing that, that's driving any benefit in terms of the mix? And then I guess when you kind of think about the mix shift that you are seeing there, how does that compare to past recessions? And how much of that is due to maybe underlying shifts in the industry as we've gotten this growth in LVT and some of these newer product categories that have come through?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Each different product category is different from each other. And carpet is an ongoing trend of polyester selling more. You also have a mix in channels, so the home builder channel, the new home construction channel is a lower mix than our retail channel. So as retail didn't do as well as the new home construction that also impacted that you go through. So there's channel mix as well as customer mix going on. In the different businesses  they're all different, in my ceramic business and my laminate business, we basically participate in the mid-to-high end of the business, and it's growing in its use as alternatives to other hard surfaces, it's being used in both the retail and the new construction business much more so and our products are outperforming in those creases. The ceramic business, the mix has decreased somewhat because some of the product categories are impacted by LVT using some of the higher-end stuff. And then you have the commercial mix, which is much higher than all the businesses in it. So there's product changes, consumer changes and channel changes all at the same time.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi, thank you for taking my questions today. Just on revisiting the news from yesterday on the tariffs. If you could give a little bit more clarity in terms of, are there any timeframes? So in other words there's certain tariffs that have a certain end date to them, is this  as we know indefinites and then what does this mean more specifically for your operations, not just in the U.S. but also in terms of global sourcing? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The tariff that  there were tariffs put on originally 25% on all products. A year ago, they took the tariffs off clip LVT only and they did it for a one year period and it came back for renewal. The renewal was turned down, so the 25% starts, I don't have the date in front of me, I don't know if it's today, yesterday, it may start today. I'm not sure and so we all have to start paying it and then we're going to have to get the prices up in order to cover it. I'm not sure I've got the whole question.
Kathryn Thompson: It really is a stair stepping in terms of, you answered one part, but then the second is, what's the real impact? And you have some good precedents from previous tariffs in terms of your expectations and how it will impact that particular product category and profitability.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, when the tariffs went down, the industry dropped prices somewhere in the 15% to 20% range. So I'm assuming that the prices are going to go up in the 15% to 20% range. And anytime, anything that we're manufacturing outside of China will be better off than it was before.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your final question comes from Truman Patterson with Wells Fargo.
Truman Patterson: Hi, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question. So your CapEx you guided toward $400 million which you said you're evaluating, I think a portion of this, you have capacity projects that are probably partially unfinished in your pipeline. Just how much additional capacity you think you're going to bring online in the back half of the year and into 2021. And can you just remind us, what products those are in possibly geographies?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We stopped all increases in capacity when this thing started. So whatever was already started, we continue. The biggest one that I remember off the top of my head is, we are expanding our laminate production in the United States with a new production line, with new capabilities that will be in next year. We're running all of the capacity that we have now and we're looking at importing some from our overseas businesses to support the business in the short-term. As we had some capacity increased this year in the Russian business and I think there was a Russian ceramic business, and I think there was some in the Eastern European ceramic business, both of which are running at fairly high rates and we expect to use them all in limited ways. The bigger pieces were new businesses, so we said that the sheet vinyl business would put a new line in Russia, it turned profitable. And the LVT lines in Europe have turned profitable. The carpet tile lines in Europe, we are investing all the cash we have and we're investing back and expanding our sales force to expand the distribution of it as we speak. And then going forward, we're going through a strategic planning process now to determine what the right level is and where to invest in. I'm assuming most of its going to be in enhancing the product mix and enhancing the product offerings with new features and benefits versus large capacity expansions at this point.
Truman Patterson: Okay. So just for clarity, the only line or product that you might be bringing online over the next year, year and a half is really just a laminate line in the U.S.? Everything else has already been opened?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. At this minute.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your questions. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing comments
Jeff Lorberbaum: The business in the environment has gotten much better than we expected. We're taking the actions to manage through the changing environment. We're continuing to manage our cost structures and we'll continue adjusting as needed. Thank you for your time and joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carol, and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, May 5, 2020. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Carol. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter investor conference call. Today, well update you on the companys first quarter results. Id like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include a discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and the press release in the Investors section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Jeff for his opening remarks. Jeff?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. For the first quarter, our sales were down 3.5%, with a constant FX adjusted for one less day in the period. The world changed during the first quarter, and we're now managing through an unprecedented situation. Around the world, government-mandated stay-at-home practices are slowing the spread of the Corona virus. With a consequence being a seismic economic contraction that is challenging all businesses. Mohawk entered the year as the world's leading flooring company with a strong presence in all categories: manufacturing in 18 countries and sales in more than 170 nations. During 2019, we generated $1.4 billion of operating cash flow and have a strong balance sheet and leverage of 1.6 times near our historical load. Until the outbreak, our results for the quarter were in line with our plan as we benefited from the initiatives we implemented in 2019. The Corona virus has dramatically changed our short term strategies as we adapt to the rapidly evolving conditions. As we progressed through the first quarter, government actions to reduce the spread of the virus impacted all of our markets. Countries and states are reacting differently to the outbreak with some shutting our manufacturing operations. In most regions, we were able to produce and ship product, but at reduced levels due to lower demand and employee concerns. Across all of our markets, demand has dropped dramatically, with residential remodeling being impacted the most up to this point. We're allowed new residential construction and the commercial channel have held up better as projects are still being completed. Do-it-yourself products are performing best as some people started projects while staying at home. To respond to this global event, we've established corporate segment and business teams to manage our efforts as conditions change. We're keeping employees safe, increasing work from home and adjusting strategies as required. We're reducing capital expenditures, cutting non-critical expenses and putting our stock purchases on hold until the environment improves. Temporary layoffs and furloughs are being implemented around the world as we balance production with short-term demand. The majority of our business is in countries where governments are supplementing wages to maintain workforces. However, some countries are stopping our operations and requiring continuation of compensation. Each week, we're adjusting production and processes to align with the changing levels of demand, and we are unable to predict how demand will evolve in the future. Our organization is flexible and adapting to fluid conditions, but we're applying the lessons we learned from 9/11 and last recession to guide us through these times. We have recently obtained a $5 million term-loan to expand our liquidity to $1.3 billion, after we pay off a $300 million note -- 300 million note this month. With no other maturities in 2020, we have liquidity to manage through and strengthen our position when the economy recovers. I now will turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $2,286 million, down 6% as reported, but decreased 4% on a legacy and constant basis. Sales growth in all segments slowed in March as the pandemic impacted our business. Our gross margin was 27% as reported or 27.5% ex-charges compared to 27.1% last year. Favorable productivity of $38 million and lower inflation of $12 million were offset, declining volume of $31 million and lower price/mix of $28 million. Plant shutdown costs impacted results by $22 million. SG&A as reported and excluding charges for the quarter, were $465 million or 20.3% compared to 18.7% ex-charges last year. Slowing sales volume in March drove the SG&A percentage to higher than normal levels this year. Onetime charges were $12 million, primarily related to the actions in flooring North America to reduce carpet capacity and in rest of world to consolidate our wood operations. Operating income, excluding charges, was $163 million or 7.2% of sales compared to 8.5% last year. Improving productivity of $36 million and lower inflation of $8 million were offset by decline in volume of $34 million and lower price/mix of $28 million. Plant shutdown costs impacted profits by $22 million. To give you a better view of our business. Sales across the enterprise in April were off about 35% compared to last year due to the virus, which shut down many of our customers and our operations. Our rest of world sales were off more due to tighter European restrictions. Our manufactured fixed cost range between 15% to 20%, and SG&A is about 70% fixed. In the current environment, we are reducing some fixed cost and variable costs will not decline in proportion to sales as we need to maintain capabilities for a recovery. Given this, in the second quarter, our decremental margins could range from 35% to 40%, and we anticipate a loss in the quarter. Other expense was $6 million. The stronger U.S. dollar drove unfavorable transactional FX losses in the quarter. The income tax rate improved to 20% compared to 23% last year. Earnings per share, excluding charges for the quarter, were $1.66 compared to $2.13 last year. Turning to the segments. In the Global Ceramics segment, sales were $848 million, down 6% as reported or 2% on a constant basis. Lower volume of $30 million, declining price/mix of $6 million and FX headwinds of $13 million; all impacted sales. All regions were affected by the virus in the first quarter, but Russia performed better as they were not impacted until later in March. Our operating margin ex-charges was 5.8% versus 10% last year. Lower volume of $12 million, negative price/mix of $10 million and inflation of $8 million, offset $4 million of productivity. Plant shutdown costs were $15 million. In the Flooring North American segment, sales were $848 million, down 8% as reported or 7% on a constant basis. Lower volume of $57 million and declining price/ mix of $16 million, both negatively impacted sales for the quarter. LVT and sheet vinyl outperformed other product categories. Operating margin, excluding charges, was 4.9%, an increase of 150 basis points compared to last year's 3.4% margin. Improving productivity of $29 million and $7 million of lower inflation offset plant shutdown costs of $6 million and negative volume of $19 million. In the Flooring Rest of World segment, sales were $589 million, down 5.3% as reported or 1% on a constant legacy basis. Higher volume of $4 million was offset by $16 million of lower price/mix. Our operating margin, excluding charges in the segment, was 13.8%, that's down 150 basis segment compared to 15.3% last year. Productivity of $3 million and lower inflation of $8 million were offset by $3 million of declining volume and $13 million of negative price/mix. We had shutdown costs of $2 million, and then another $7 million of increased selling and marketing initiatives, which impacted our results. And then in the Corporate and Eliminations segment, the operating loss, excluding charges, was $8 million. We estimate $35 million for the full year. Jumping to the balance sheet. Receivables ended the quarter at $1.645 billion. Our DSOs were 57 days in the first quarter, and that compares to 56 days last year. Inventories ended the quarter at $2,195 billion, declining about $143 million or 6% compared to last year. Our days improved to 130 days compared to 134 days in the fourth quarter. We expect to continue to reduce inventory and improve days through the end of the year. Fixed assets ended the quarter at $4.473 billion, included in that was capital expenditures for the quarter of $116 million and depreciation and amortization of $146 million. We are estimating CapEx for the full year 2020 to range from $360 million to $390 million, with depreciation and amortization estimated at $580 million. Going to long-term debt. At the end of the quarter, our debt-to-EBITDA ratio was a little above 1.6 times. And EBITDA to interest coverage was 32 times for the trailing 12 months. Our free cash flow during the quarter was $80 million, with total debt of $2.7 billion at the end of the quarter. Since then, we have issued a $500 million term loan and will pay a 300 million note this month, which will leave $1.3 billion of pro forma available liquidity. We have a strong balance sheet and our BBB+ rating remains unchanged even in this environment. During the first quarter, we purchased $69 million or 579,000 shares, and will not make further purchases under our stock buyback program until our visibility improves. At this time, I will turn it back over to Chris. Chris?
Christopher Wellborn: Thank you, Frank. We're currently operating in a variety of different environments based on government regulations impacting our customers, manufacturing facilities and workforce. Countries are taking distinct approaches to manage the spread of the virus, and our businesses are executing different strategies to adapt. Even where mandated manufacturing shutdowns have occurred, we are shipping product from inventory to our customers that are operating. In April, our business declined sharply, further requiring weekly adjustments to adapt to the rapidly changing environment. Our markets range from having some retail outlets and construction sites being operational to those where all retail and construction have been closed. We're restricting our expenses and investments to what is essential to run the business. We are reducing SG&A, marketing and IT investments. We are lowering capital spending and non-critical engineering, R&D and maintenance projects. We are enhancing daily and weekly reports to manage our financial categories, including inventory levels, headcount, receivables and payables. We are lowering our costs by implementing layoffs and furloughs using government assistance where available. In some countries, we are obligated to continue paying the existing workforce even when our plants are shut down. We are benefiting from lower raw material and energy costs, though other headwinds are considerably greater. Each of our segments and individual businesses has strong leaders that have managed through difficult circumstances multiple times in their career. Our entire global team is taking extraordinary steps to support our customers and protect our business. We have an exceptional team of people at all levels of the business, and I am proud of how they have balanced keeping one another safe with meeting the needs of our customers. For the period, our global ceramic segment sales were $848 million, a decline of almost 6% from last year or 2% on a constant days and currency basis. Each of the segment's regions was affected by the virus at different points in the period with Italy at the forefront. In each region, we are lowering our production with demand, reducing our cost structure and adapting to different government programs in each country. Our U.S. ceramic business has a higher percentage of new residential and commercial sales, so demand has declined more slowly as those projects are still being completed. Through February, ceramic imports were 18% lower than the prior year, with average import pricing 5%, and shipments from China have virtually stopped. We are reducing production in the second quarter to lower our manufactured product inventories. We have added virtual online product selection and curbside pickup at our service centers to meet social distancing requirements. Our click tile production continues to ramp up as we begin introducing new collections into different channels. We are increasing our higher value quartz countertops as our productivity and costs continue to improve. US sales of the large portion of slabs we produced in Italy are growing significantly from a saw base as consumer awareness and distribution expand. Do-It-Yourself products are selling better than professionally-installed ones due to social distancing concerns. In Pennsylvania, our small specialty tile plant has specialty tile plant has been shut down as part of the state-mandated closure of operations. In Mexico, our first quarter sales were slightly better than last year, with our mix declining due to increased competition, higher inflation, and transportation costs and investments to expand the commercial distribution. After the government closed non-essential businesses, our plants were shut down throughout April and we continue to ship product from inventory to meet customer demand. In Brazil, our results in the quarter were good, even though the virus negatively impacted the end of the period. Sales were strongest in new construction and export channels. During April, So Paulo and other regions suspended most commerce, significantly impacting our sales. We are lowering production in the second quarter to reduce inventory with declining demand. Our European ceramic business was performing well until the Corona virus stopped travel in Italy and the government shut down our manufacturing. This was followed by mandatory shutdowns in Spain and a lockdown of the French market as well as other closures in Europe. We've been able to continue shipments to customers, though demand has progressively decreased and lack of transportation has impeded some shipments. Our product availability has deteriorated with many of has deteriorated with many of our plants not operating. We are postponing product introductions and are reducing our SKUs. During the second quarter, we are planning to operate factories below our sales levels to reduce inventories and we're using government support to reduce headcount. We are monitoring customer orders and receivables. As we entered May, most European countries are developing plans to gradually reduce lockdown of their economies and we have restarted our Italian production. Our Russian business, our volume in the first quarter was stronger-than-expected due to customers anticipating higher cost inflation from the declining ruble and increasing their inventory levels. In the first quarter, we added a production line to expand sales of our large tiles, porcelain tiles, and slabs. We also started up a premium sanitary ware plan to offer coordinated products through our own and franchised stores. Although the corona virus did not impact Russia until late March, much of the country is now locked down with many stores and construction sites presently closed. In April, we reduced production and will adjust further as required. For the first quarter, our flooring North America segment sales were $848 million, a decline of 8% from last year or approximately 5.5%, with one less day and the exit of profitable wood and other products. We began the quarter making progress on the initiatives launched during 2019. In March, our priority shifted to managing the corona virus outbreak, protecting our employees, and supporting our customers. Across the business, we are reducing production and implementing layoffs and furloughs to align with the abrupt decline in demand. The segment has a higher percentage of sales from remodeling, and a large number of our retailers are not operating. Those that remain open are reporting much lower traffic and sales. Many retailers that carry our rug collections have also been closed, dramatically impacting our sales. To meet the growing need for healthcare supplies, our Rug team is producing medical gowns and face shields for hospitals and first responders. During the quarter, our residential carpet sales performed best in the builder and multifamily category as projects underway have continued. We brought new carpet collections to the market earlier than ever in the first quarter, which created greater sales opportunities before the virus. To purchase carpet, consumers must go through in home planning measurements and installation by specialists, which is disadvantaging carpet sales. In commercial, the education and government sectors were the strongest performers in a challenging marketplace. We are adapting to architects and designers working from home through new resources such as visual interactive studio, which allows them to see our products in their planned spaces. During the quarter, LVT and sheet vinyl products performed their best in the segment. Our LVT operations have improved with higher daily output and increased uptime. New styles and features are being introduced to utilize the increasing production of both rigid and flexible products. The knowledge transfer between our LVT plant has slowed as a result of the European travel ban. The ruble of U.S. tariffs from Chinese click LVT lowered market prices for those products. To improve our margins in we have introduced collection featuring, enhanced design and performance under our premium brand. The corona virus China created limited disruption for our sourced product in the current climate, more feeling to the price point and ease of installation for DIY project and multifamily renovations. Light resilient flooring laminate also provides an easy DIY alternative. Our state-of-the art laminate provides realistic visuals, waterproof technology and enhanced durability. In our Wood Flooring business, we have restructured manufacturing operations which has increased our productivity yields and margin. During the quarter, our Flooring Rest of World segment outperformed our other businesses. The segment sales were $589 million, a decrease of 5% from last year or flat on a constant days and currency basis. The severity of the virus and the nature of the government response has differed from country to country. Some countries have mandated the closure of manufacturing facilities. Others have shut down retail and construction. And in others, personnel are not comfortable coming to work. Given this environment, some of our manufacturing operations have completely shut down while others are stopping and starting to align with regulations and reduce demand. Across our product categories, we are continued shipping from inventory to support our customer are operating. In many parts of Europe, the COVID-19 outbreak appears to be peaking as hospitalizations trend down. In many countries, lockdowns are being relaxed with more stores operating and social distancing. Most anticipate that this trend will extend to more countries over the coming weeks. Even as health situation improves and most stores reopen, we anticipate significantly lower sales and production in the second quarter. The product categories in which we have made recent investments, including rigid LVT, sheet vinyl and carpet tile, delivered growth in a difficult environment. LVT outperformed as it takes market share from other product categories. Our rigid LVT production continues to progress well, and our cost reduction program is on track as output increases. New products and faster service levels are enhancing our value to customers with improved capital use and churns. Customers that import LVT from China are increasingly interested in local supply. Due to closed retail stores, we are postponing the introduction of our next-generation LVT until the fall. In the first quarter our sheet vinyl business delivered good growth due to exports outside the region and higher volumes in Russia. We benefited from lower raw material costs, the lower production rates in Europe impacted our margins. Our new Russian plant is performing well, and as we expand our product offering and customer base. Our carpet tile volume continues to grow from a limited base from investments, sales and distribution in both retail and commercial. Our laminate business continues to deliver strong margins as a result of new premium products and higher branded sales. Results in the first quarter were impacted by higher marketing and selling costs related to the launch of new collections and declining volumes, primarily in countries where retail is restricted. We are expanding our digital sales as consumers shop online for DIY projects while staying at home. As with our other product categories, we are postponing new introductions until the end of the year. Our Russian Laminate business held up better throughout the quarter, although parts of the country are presently being locked down. Our Malaysian wood plant is presently operating at lower levels due to government restriction. We completed the closure of our wood flooring plant in Czech Republic, which is reducing our costs. Our insulation plants in France and Ireland were not operating in April and our other plants are reducing production furlough employees. Our board operations are being impacted similarly to the rest of the business, and we are starting and stopping production with temporary layoffs. Higher sales of specialty products and lower raw material prices supported our margins during the period. We benefit from a low-cost position due to the investments we have made over the past five years. In quarter two, our new plant that converts bio waste-to-energy will commence operations, and we will sell the exits energy to the brand. In Australia and New Zealand, our sales were up slightly with hard services growing and lower carpet sales are pressuring margins. A major update to many of our product lines is being well accepted. Our first quarter results were negatively impacted by sharp falling, local currencies compared to the U.S. dollar. In late March, New Zealand's government enacted a stringent lockdown, shutting our operations and retail outlets throughout April. Whereas in Australia, we have seen no lockdown on manufacturing so far. I'll return the call to Jeff.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. As we enter May, the corona virus is dramatically disrupting the economies around the world. Some countries are beginning to explore easing restrictions while others are extending them. Presently, all of our plants around the world are in operation, except those in Mexico and a small plant in Pennsylvania. We're focused on conserving cash, adjusting production, reducing inventory and preserving operational capabilities. We're also reducing expenses and investments and aligning with government requirements and support. The rate at which governments will open commerce and the subsequent consumer response cannot be determined. Some businesses have postponed investment in both remodeling and new construction until the recovery becomes more apparent. At the end of April, most people sheltering in place across the world, with them, our sales are about 35% below the prior year, and we cannot predict the rate at which it will recover. Given these circumstances, we are unable to provide EPS guidance for the second quarter and anticipate a loss in the period due to the COVID-19. Our balance sheet is strong with substantial liquidity of $1.3 billion to manage through the crisis. Our business model remains solid with strong local teams in each market, taking the necessary actions to manage the downturn. The economies will return to normal over time, and we are optimistic about the long-term future of our business. With that, we will be glad to take questions.
Operator: Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question Keith Hughes from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Just a couple of questions. I guess, first, on the closed retail stores that clearly played a role in what's happening here in April. Are you getting a sense that those are now starting to open up in May? Is that in more states than not, businesses allowed to open with some of these restrictions are being lifted?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It's too early for us to have details of it. We're just watching the news around the country from different states, and we're assuming that they will start opening up. The question is, what are the consumers going to do?
Keith Hughes: Okay. And I guess, second question, more, again, basically, back to the U.S. You talked about LVT, still growing and gaining market shares. Was LVT  excuse me, details in April been up for you? Or is it just pressure, just less pressure than the rest of the products?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The LVT sales in the period continued to expand in the first quarter, but they slowed as we entered March, the  so the overall business is slowing, and we're going to have to see where it ends up. LVT, because of the growth it was having started from a higher point and we will have to see how it progresses as we go through.
Keith Hughes: Okay. I guess final question on raw materials. Is that going to be a growing tailwind for you over the next quarter or two in various parts of the business?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The raw materials, energy and materials have declined across the categories, but were offset by volume pricing mix. With our sales declining, the lower material costs will take longer to flow through to costs. And then just as a point, our recycled materials are declining less than the virgin alternatives.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Stephen Kim: Thanks very much guys and thanks for the color. Frank, welcome back. I wanted to ask you a little bit about the productivity and the decremental commentary you made, Frank. So one, we were pleased to see the strong productivity number in Flooring North America. I was curious, if that was tied to the restructuring initiatives you did in that business, and therefore, we might be able to expect that portion, at least, to continue? And then your overall shutdown at $22 million in 1Q, we're thinking that's going to go up, obviously, in 2Q. But even if we double it, it seems to only get me to the low end of your decremental range? So wondering if -- maybe it's reasonable to think that, that overall shutdown number is going to be more than double what it was in 1Q as we look into 2Q?
Frank Boykin: Well, first, just to maybe put some fencing around the discussion about decremental margins. We're taking historical fixed and variable costs. And then, there are assumptions about how sales are going to behave and about what we take out in costs that are driving that. I will say that to the extent that we take - as our production capacity goes down, our run rates go down. That is going to have a larger impact on our shutdown cost. I'm not sure if I'm answering your question there, Stephen or not, but the shutdown costs will be going up, for sure.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Then the productivity pieces we do will continue. The problem is that the plants will be operating at much lower levels and the offsetting negatives in the unabsorbed overhead and pieces are going to be high.
Stephen Kim: Yes. That makes sense. Just to clarify, that productivity number, $29 million in Flooring North America, Frank, does that include any sort of suboptimal operating levels? Or is that sort of a stand-alone number and the reduction in operating levels within those volume numbers that you gave?
Frank Boykin: You'll have less productivity as your volumes go down. You'll have more productivity as your volumes go up. They'll drive it up and down.
Stephen Kim: Okay. Okay. Got it. Yes, adjusting for everything. And then longer-term strategic question, I know you've been taking downtime in your ceramic plants for a while now. And I know you've previously indicated you're evaluating the potential to maybe make things a little more permanent there. Was curious if you could tell us how your thinking's evolved there? Obviously, a lot has changed. But if you could just give us a sense for your thinking about the level -- how you assess what the proper level of capacity is in the ceramic business?
Christopher Wellborn: So Stephen, we are, of course, managing to the short-term volume decrease and at the same time, trying to get a read on the long-term demand. And as soon as we can get a read on that, we'll adapt our capacity to fit in.
Stephen Kim: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question Kathryn Thompson from Thomson Research Group. Please go ahead.
Brian Biros: Hi, good morning. This is actually Brian Biros on for Kathryn. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to add starting on the supply chain. Last quarter, you guys gave us an update on the supply chain impact out of China and Asia. I guess, given comes from where we are today, could you provide an update on the global supply chain today from Asia? And also just Europe and the U.S. market, we've heard that Chinese production, specifically at LVT was approaching previous run rates through the end of March. I just wonder to see what you guys are hearing. 
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Same thing. What normally happens is there's a vacation period in the first of the year. So you build up inventories going into that, the production didn't start-up what everybody had anticipated. It has since gotten up to close to where it was before, but now you have declining business trends in the United States. And so with that, it's also it's also difficult to understand what the present level of the industry is because you're seeing the imports come in based on purchases for months ago, and you really don't have sight of what the present sales are in consumption.
Brian Biros: Got it. That makes sense. And then a follow-up on the CapEx, I guess, can you talk about more -- provide more details? I know in the prepared remarks, you mentioned a number, and I think it was lower than the original plan, which I think was around for $540 million. And I think previously you guys have mentioned maintenance CapEx is just $200 million. So can you guys talk about the difference there? What you've been able to push off and kind of what is being sacrificed in the short-term for pushing off that CapEx?
Frank Boykin: Well, a major part of what you see in the $360 million, $390 million, represents projects that were already committed, some of which have already started, so we're not able to stop those. We are continuing forward with important cost savings and innovation projects as well as safety and maintenance. And the maintenance number is going to be down much lower than the number that you just cited.
Brian Biros: Got it. Thank you.
Frank Boykin: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Eric Bosshard: Good morning. A question and a follow-up. Thanks for the insight and the detail on the margin for 2Q. As we think about the back half of the year, should the decremental and incremental margin continue in this 30%, 40%, 35%, 40% range, or should we expect it to behave differently than that?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The difficulty with that is, like we said a couple of times on the call already, is the lack of visibility and not knowing how sales are going to trend and how we're going to respond with cost takeout, permanent versus temporary, all are going to impact what our decremental margins are. So Eric, I don't think we're prepared to give you an answer that you'd like to have on that question right now.
Frank Boykin: You also have another thing with governments helping different amounts most of them are temporary and how they're going to change and evolve depending on the economies. We also don't know.
Eric Bosshard: And then second question, in terms of the North American tile market, your data on the import volume and price sounds positive from a competitive standpoint. I'm curious in your North American tile business, the performance, call it, year-to-date, and as you look through the year, and I know you don't have perfect visibility. In terms of the market growth, your market share and the price mix, how do you feel -- or what are you seeing in terms of where that's going, especially considering the change in the competitive dynamic as that import data shows?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Yes. What I would say is that the U.S. ceramic business has been impacted less due to a higher percentage of new residential and commercial projects. The ceramic imports continued to decline, and we've reduced production to lower our manufactured inventory. The click tile production is ramping up, and we're expanding our higher court countertops.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. And then just one follow-up on that. Being shielded from some of these pressures from the new res and commercial, does that continue, or when you complete these projects, is there a kind of an air pocket on the other side of that? What is the proper expectation?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, we really don't know, but I think what you could have is some balance. In some states, we've been shut down, which I think will open up. But I think there could be an expectation that as the new home starts have declined, that you could have a gap in the future. So one could possibly offset the other.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Rehaut: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I hope everyone is safe and healthy out there. First question, appreciate the comments around 2Q sales. I believe you had mentioned that rest of world maybe down a little bit worse than that 35%. I was hoping  I know you don't like to get too granular segment-by-segment, but just given the extreme volatility here, if you could provide any degree of magnitude in terms of -- as you look across ceramic Flooring North America and Rest of World, how you're thinking about the declines relative to that 35% if the Rest of World maybe is more like 40%, 45% and ceramic and Flooring North America maybe closer to 25% to 30%. Any type of directional degree of magnitude there would be helpful.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I can first just talk about the Flooring Rest of World. In the first quarter, Flooring Rest of World outperformed the other segments. The impact of the corona virus differed by country with more severe lockdowns in the U.S. As we got into April, Europe had an abrupt decline and was more severe. The virus started earlier and the lockdown was more restrictive, construction and commercial impacted more than in the U.S. In April, many customers were not open, and some projects were stopped, but most countries are opening up to increased commerce. That's Rest Of World.
Frank Boykin: The Rest of World are significantly more due to the lockdown that its at, and the other businesses are similar. So we  the numbers don't mean anything, because I can tell you that next week's orders don't look like last weeks.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Yes. We're just looking at four or five weeks of data here in a very volatile environment. So it's hard to draw really good, hard conclusions from that.
Michael Rehaut: Right. Right, I guess, maybe the part of my second question really is across  there have been some initial comments by companies around some trends improving, actually even over the last six weeks, some of the homebuilders have reported stronger or lessening declines of order trends over the last two or three weeks, some building products companies have also some have pointed to slowing orders. Others have pointed to maybe a little bit of improvement as the month has progressed. As you're kind of zeroing in on the U.S., can you give us any commentary around how you're seeing the trends unfold throughout the month, if there's any discernible patterns in terms of what you're seeing across carpet and ceramic and some of the other product lines?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I can't tell you that the changes are  you can really see a trend in anything, because you have different customers and orders going up and down at different points across it. One thing to remember, in the past cycles, floorings declined more than other durable products, in general. And it's declined for a couple of reasons. One is that it's a higher ticket price than some other categories. Second is, it's got a lower amount sold through DIY, which is doing better at this is that point. And finally, other product categories have to be replaced when they're worn out. Our products you can live with almost forever. So when the customers get them comfortable that keeps postponing the stuff for a while. So it's causing a more  higher impact with the pace. The other thing, I guess, is that the opening of the retail stores should help going forward. We see almost every country we're in starting to relax the restrictions now. What impact it's going to have, we can't even guess at this point, is that -- so I mean, it's really hard to predict how the future will evolve, which is why we can't give any guidance. I mean, it could be substantially better. It could be the same or it could be worse. We have no idea.
Michael Rehaut: Right. No, I understand. I guess, one last quick one, just a clarification. Can you talk about 2Q, expecting an operating loss. Just to clarify, that would be on a  we're talking about on an EBIT basis?
Frank Boykin: Yes, EBIT. EBIT loss.
Michael Rehaut: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baugh from Stifel. Please go ahead.
John Baugh: Thank you. Good morning and best wishes in this difficult period. I wanted to jump into the price, mix issue. And are you seeing anything around all the areas you operate, where there's like-for-like pricing pressure? Or are you seeing sort of a typical mix trade down as sort of primary issue?
Jeff Lorberbaum: There was a lot of  there was some  both pricing and mix were under pressure in the first quarter, we had a $30 million decrease in price and mix in the first quarter. As the market's gotten more turmoil, as you would suspect, there's not a lot of pricing movements because nobody's open as yet. So we're going to have to see how it evolves. As yet  who knows?
John Baugh: And then just as a follow-up on -- you mentioned there could be a little bit of an air pocket with home start weakening and the subsequent flooring demand following. Would the same potentially happen in the commercial area where you're working through decent backlogs, but what's the outlook for commercial a couple of months out?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Same thing, you have projects that go on. In new housing, we tend to be at the end of it, which means the ones that -- the smaller ones tend to get built in six months. The large ones, call it, a year or more, is it. So we tend to be at the end. So we get it there. On the other side, if they stop either commercial projects starting or planning of them, the pipelines get pushed out. Now offsetting that, you have the residential retail business, which has basically been close to stopped in many places. It's going to -- just opening up the doors, we have to do more, is it. Even if hardly anybody shows up, so you have both things going on, and there's no way to anticipate how they're going to balance out or the timing of either.
John Baugh: Okay. Thank you, Jeff. Good luck. Operator: Your next comes from Mike Dahl from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Mike Dahl: Hi. Thanks. Jeff, just as a follow-up to your last comment, just given some of these dynamics from a customer channel standpoint, is there any way you can breakdown within the U.S., your April sales performance by channel? Just to give us some sense of how much of an impact those retail shutdowns have had?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't have it to give you. The residential remodeling is the one that was hurt the most, as you would suspect. There was also some inventory changes from the channels at inventory. Basically, typically, the inventory goes up in the first quarter for the seasonal improvement that you expect. So some inventories were built a little bit in the first quarter, which have to get drained. People started cutting inventories out of the system. And then on the commercial side, you have the same thing that projects were interrupted, even ones we're going to go ahead with, we started delivering samples to designers' homes to give you an idea of what's going on. How it's going to change is really -- the problem we're having is we cannot anticipate how all the different purchasers are going to change in the near-term and how it's going to affect the business. And again, we don't know if it's going to get dramatically better or worse.
Mike Dahl: Got it. Okay. My second question ...
Frank Boykin: I think, I would add to that, Mike if residential remodel tends to run much more -- much higher as a percentage of the total pie than the other categories.
Mike Dahl: Right. Right. Okay. A follow-up question, just given the some of the pain being felt on the specialty retail channel, particularly mom-and-pops and probably some uncertainty over whether some can even open the doors back up period. Can you talk about what you're seeing in real-time on your can receivables? What are you expecting there and anything with respect to bad debt expense that you could talk to?
Frank Boykin: Yes, I'll address that. I mean you heard our receivables, DSOs at the end of the quarter were in line pretty much with where we were a year ago and may be just as a note if you compare our bad debt expense in the 2008-2009 recession, it was running about four-tenths of a percent. And that compares to two-tenths of a percent in the first quarter of this year. So we didn't see much movement in the last downturn. And I'd also remind you that we really don't have any large significant customers. We have a pretty diverse widespread customer base.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Thanks, Frank.
Operator: Your next question comes from Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Susan Maklari: Thank you. My first question is just going back to the raw material discussion. Can you outline for us what your exposure is to petroleum-based products today? And especially maybe given the shift in the business that we've seen relative to the last downturn?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Relative to the last downturn, the carpet business has the largest  or the carpet and vinyl business has the largest portion of oil base material. The vinyl really comes from assets, it's really the carpet industry has the biggest portion of oil base materials. On the other side, ceramic has a large use of natural gas in it. And then you go through all the different other product categories, they have different raw material streams.
Susan Maklari: Right. But if we think about how carpet has shrunk relative to where it was, say, 10 years ago, 15 years ago, what has that meant for your raw material exposure? And how should we think about that difference coming through in results?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: There will be less exposure. The other thing that's going to happen in the short-term, just that given the dramatic decrease in a short period of time, even though the prices have gone down, we're buying significantly less, reducing our inventories on one side and also buying less relative to the volume we're producing. So both of those are going to have an impact on reducing the positive impact it would have if we were buying and running at the same rates we always run.
Susan Maklari: Okay. And then can you
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: One more piece to enter into it, our polyester is manufactured from recycled bottles and the recycled bottles are not moving down in proportion with the gas prices, oil prices.
Susan Maklari: Right. Okay. So there won't be as much of a benefit there?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Correct.
Susan Maklari: Okay. And can you also just talk a little bit to progress that you are making with your LVT plant in the U.S.? How is that coming together? And has there been any change given what's obviously been going on over the last two months or so?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Yes. The LVT has improved during the period. It continues to get higher throughput rates and more productivity in the place and less downtime on a daily basis. Our sales in the period continue to go up, but they slowed the amount that we were increasing. The transfer of knowledge from Europe to U.S. load, because normally, we would have engineers over here when they've been the travel, the engineers didn't, but we're still making progress. We've identified some mechanical improvements. It will go in the third quarter and the second half, that will step change the speeds that we're running at as well as impact the material costs further. But we continue to make progress on both the European side and the US.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laura Champine from Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Laura Champine: Thanks for taking my question. Firstly, just for historical context, when is the last time Mohawk has generated an operating loss? And then more relevant going forward. I certainly appreciate all your comments about demand uncertainties. But when you plan your production, how quickly could you or do you plan to get your production volumes back to flat year-on-year?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think the last time we had a loss was when oil prices went to $140 in 2008 or 2009, and we couldn't raise the prices soon enough. So we -- the flow-through caused the loss in one of the period. I don't exactly remember the date.
Frank Boykin: First quarter 2009.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: First quarter 2009. And then I forgot the second part of your question?
Laura Champine: The second part was when you're planning your production to be back to flat year-on-year in terms of volumes.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: But right now, we're reacting to the incoming business on a week-to-week basis, depending upon the equipment. If there's a really high cost of starting and stopping, we operate it for a period of week and shut down for a period. On other ones, we're starting and stopping on a weekly basis, and the times we're running are really related to the incoming business level, and we build inventory then shut down to get it back on line.
Laura Champine: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Speer with Zelman. Your line is open.
Justin Speer: Thank you. First question, is there a volume or a revenue decline threshold where you think you'd potentially breakeven in the second quarter? I guess, are you assuming that volumes are going to be down consistent with the 35% decline you saw in April for the balance of the quarter? Or do you -- just your view your product view, in particular, suggests any improvement in activity with the restrictions being relaxed?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We're assuming it's still going to be difficult for the quarter, but we don't have any evidence to base it on. If the volumes go up high enough, we would make money, were ready to do it.
Justin Speer: Okay. So in terms of the rough productivity, I don't know if you can give it -- break it out for me, but the rough productivity and the rough production shutdown, dollar shutdown, costs in global ceramic. If you can give break that out for us, what -- I'm guessing you're planning for the second quarter, you pretty much know based on your volume assumptions. What do you think of the productivity drag will be for ceramic and for the rest of the business?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Justin, like we said a couple of times already, we're not really -- we've got very limited visibility right now. And so we are not really getting into forecasting anything for the second quarter including productivity and volumes to be in the quarter.
Frank Boykin: Listen, we have multiple scenarios, high, medium and low, and we don't know which one is going to work.
Justin Speer: I get it. I know it's very difficult. Positively about $29 million productivity left Flooring North America very, very strong. And I know you had some previously announced tailwinds from facility closures. I thought that was going to be about like an annualized number, consistent with what you just did in the first quarter, so maybe help us to understand what went into that productivity improvement? And how we should think about productivity on an annualized basis in a more normalized volume scenario in Flooring North America?
Frank Boykin: Well, I think I mentioned with another caller earlier, one of the drivers for productivity is we developed these programs, cost savings initiatives. And one of the drivers is how much volume we put through. And so I hate to keep answering the questions the same way, but it's partially going to be dependent on how volume performs through the rest of the year.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: And then in our productivity, the shutdowns, all the pieces, the shutdowns, the more start-ups and start-ups and shutdowns we make, the time you make, all goes into productivity. They're part of the same number.
Justin Speer: Right. But you put up a $29 million number with almost a -- maybe a high-single, low-double-digit volume decline in the first quarter. And I know there was facility closures that probably went into that, but was it also the LVT plant that helped drive that? Or is there something else that led to such a high popping improvement?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: LVT was one of the pieces, and it did have significant improvements in the period.
Justin Speer: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Truman Patterson with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Trevor Allinson: Hi, good morning. This is Trevor Allinson on for Truman. Thank you for taking my question. In recent quarters, you guys have increased your selling and marketing efforts, thoughts to helping sell some of the additional capacity that you were going to be bringing online. Just thinking about your ability to take out SG&A costs, also balancing your ability to sell those products once demand rebounds. How are you guys thinking about those actions on the SG&A side?
Frank Boykin: You're correct. We have been investing in sales to expand the business. The SG&A dollars in the first quarter were basically in line with last year and dollar amounts, but the percent increased as the volume decreased. The virus has interrupted the business, and we're taking steps to align the costs of sales and marketing with the present conditions. We're already reducing marketing expenses, administrative costs, and we'll adjust to the total cost structure once we get on a more permanent basis, once we get a view of where the business is going to be going forward. At this point, whether it's a V or an L or somewhere between the two, every week, we learn a little more. And presently, we are making more temporary changes than permanently.
Trevor Allinson: Okay. All right. Thank you. And then on Flooring North America, sales decline seem to be pretty much in line with last quarter on a year-over-year basis and a pretty healthy housing market. I was hoping you could just discuss a little bit more about what's driving the top line weakness there. Maybe you could bucket out whether it's LVT taking market share or other factors?
Frank Boykin: LVT is continuing to take share from the others. The carpet sales in the industry declined in the mid-single digits in the first period, as if there's inventory adjustments going on in some channels. In some channels, they stopped doing, even though the stores were open in some channels, they stop doing measurements and installation in the period. So I mean, the whole business has turned upside down. We're hoping that many of these things will get better going forward, but we're not sure if it's going to happen tomorrow or how long it's going to take.
Trevor Allinson: Okay. Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Wood with Nomura Instinet. Your line is open.
Mike Wood: Hi. Welcome back, Frank. First, a big picture question for Jeff. Mohawk is clearly suffering here with their expectation to lose money in 2Q, but you guys have always and you're likely going to continue to outperform in the industry in terms of profitability. And so knowing that even many of your competitors struggled before COVID-19, what are your thoughts and how quickly, how many of your competitors may actually see some business closures, permanent business closures? And what are you doing to gain share?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: As you said, in different markets, in different countries and different product categories, there are players that were struggling before with their liquidity. And their ability to sustain their businesses, depending upon how long this lasts, it could detrimentally affect their ability to continue operating. At this point, we are trying to react to the downturn and minimize our own investments in pieces. Because we can't tell how deep or how long it's going to go, at this point. And we're prepared to reverse all these things quickly, but at the moment we are focused on trying to control the cost at this moment.
Mike Wood: Got it. And a follow-up question. There have been long fears of LVT oversupply in China, particularly if demand growth had slowed or declined. Are you seeing any evidence of more severe price erosion in LVT? Or what are your thoughts there? Understanding that now many of the retailers are closed, but is that a risk as we go forward here?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Over the past years, the price of LVT has declined as the production processes have improved. We have assumed that's going to continue for a while. In the short-term, when you get older capacities, I don't know what's going to happen with the prices, as you go through. As is it - some people will try to run the assets. And maybe impact the pricing. But the same thing occurs in all our product categories. Is it at the same time, the raw materials are decreasing? So, we'll have to see how all that plays out.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Bouley with Barclays. Your line is open.
Matthew Bouley: Hey, all. Thank you for taking my questions, just back on the North America productivity, the $29 million, how much of that was related to those LVT rebates that you disclosed last quarter? Or was it -- I don't know if it's in productivity. There was a small -- I don't think -- productivity?
Frank Boykin: There was a small. But I don't know it is in productivity. There was a small but I dont think I dont know where it shows up. But I mean if you remember it was only limited amount of money. I think it was about $13 million and it was spread over the three quarters. I'm not sure, if I got dollar amount exactly right to disclose.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Yes. And it is in productivity, but like Jeff said, it's a small number.
Frank Boykin: And then it doesn't flow through, an even amount.
Matthew Bouley: Got it. Thats perfect. And then since you discussed shipping product from inventory in the places where there were mandatory shutdowns. I guess to what extent were you actually able to fulfil customer? Whether its in those places? Presumably, you were not able to fulfil 100% of it. So, should we think, there's any sort of pent-up business as a result that would actually move the needle? Thanks.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I don't know how to measure it. There were places where the inventories weren't sufficient to satisfy all the demand. The customers may be waiting on it or maybe switched to other products. And we don't have a way of knowing, is it.
Matthew Bouley: Okay. I understood. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Lovallo with Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Lovallo: Hey, guys. Thank you for squeezing me in here. I guess, first one, just from a higher level. Do you think that COVID-19 will kind of expedite the shift in consumer preference towards harder, maybe easier to clean surfaces that we've been seeing happening over the past decade anyway?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I don't know of any evidence that says it's going to impact the choice in flooring. The flooring choices are made for what purpose you have, how you like it, what the attributes of the product are, what your value proposition is in it. So I don't really see that having an impact at this point.
John Lovallo: Okay. And then just quickly, the wood manufacturing footprint in North America and four in rest of the world, you guys were doing a lot of work on rightsizing that. Is that largely complete at this point?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: What we did was we sold a solid wood plant in the United States, and we closed an engineered plant in Czechoslovakia, and we still have other wood plants manufacturing products. So we have less capacity for those markets as alternatives take their place.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Phil Ng with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually Collin on for Phil. Just wondering if you could talk about how decremental margins may fair in the different segments relative to your 35% to 40% guide?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Not sure we're prepared to get into that much detail. The only color we gave you was that fixed cost varied from 15% to 20% in cost of goods sold. And I would say, the ceramic segment is there's the higher of the two-- the three segments there with fixed cost.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just on free cash flow conversion. How are you guys thinking about that just given the changes over the past couple of months? And if you can give any color on how you're expecting the working capital to play out as you manage your inventory levels that would be helpful?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Historically, in past downturns, our cash flow has done reasonably well because of declines in working capital, inventories, receivables, and then we have also been able to push out some payables and I think that's probably going to happen this time. I think the other thing that we need to consider is the significant reduction we've made in our capital expenditures and then we've also stated that we will not be buying back stock in this current environment. So free cash flow should be pretty strong relative to the environment as we move through the rest of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much and good luck.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thanks.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing remarks.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We appreciate everyone on the call. We're taking actions to adjust to the circumstances that we're in. Each week, we're reevaluating and changing our strategies, both short-term and medium term. The managers are taking different approaches by geography and product category based on different markets and government actions. The business is in a strong position today, and will emerge in a better position. We appreciate your time on the call. Have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-14 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lisa and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, February 14, 2020. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Huelskamp. You may begin your conference.
Ken Huelskamp: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today, we'll update you on the company's results for the fourth quarter of 2019 and the full year as well as provide guidance for the first quarter of this year. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those set forth in our press release and the periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include a discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and the press release in the Investors section of our website. The key speakers today are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Wellborn, Chief Operating Officer; and Glenn Landau, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Jeff for his opening remarks. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Ken. Our fourth quarter adjusted results were as we expected with sales flat to last year, operating income of $205 million or 8.4% of sales and EPS of $2.25. For the year, our sales were $10 billion, adjusted operating income was $938 million or 9.4% of sales and EPS was $10.04. Our cash generation remained strong with operating and free cash flow for the quarter of about $440 million and $300 million. For the year, operating and free cash flow were about $1.4 billion and $870 million. Our leverage is approaching historical lows, which provides us the flexibility to pursue additional opportunities. In the period, we bought back approximately $23 million of stock for a total of $375 million since authorized. We anticipated our business -- as we anticipated, our business remained challenged by soft demand, greater competition and reduced production volume. In the US markets continued to be influenced by the strong dollar and the impact of LVT on other product categories. Consumer confidence remained high and lower US interest rates are positively influencing new and existing home sales. US tariffs on clickable LVT from China were ascended in the fourth quarter and market pricing has declined for these products. Imports of ceramic tile from China dropped off substantially in the fourth quarter and shipments from other countries have not offset, which we believe is due to soft demand and a reduction in US ceramic inventories. Competition has increased in our global markets impacting our pricing and mix as we leverage higher investments in sales and marketing to drive growth. Many countries where we operate are stimulating their economies with lower interest rates to encourage greater consumer spending and economic growth this year. In the near term we still anticipate continued pressure in our markets and product categories. Throughout the period we implemented changes to increase sales and reduce costs. We've enhanced our LVT manufacturing in the US and Europe and realigned our US carpet operations. We have decreased our ceramic production and inventories and are taking out a wood flooring plant in the United States and in Europe. We are reducing the complexity of our operations, improving processes to reduce costs and increasing automation to improve efficiencies. We continue to improve the productivity and volume of our new LVT, US countertop, Russian sheet vinyl and European carpet tile investments. Our acquisitions in Australian and Brazil are installing state-of-the-art equipment that will expand their product portfolios. We are introducing new design and performance innovations to enhance our market position and broaden our customer base. To promote both new and existing products we're making higher levels of sales and marketing investments. For a review of our financial performance during the period, I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Landau: Thank you, Jeff and good morning, everyone. Moving right into our financial performance and year-over-year bridges, as Jeff shared in the fourth quarter, total Company net sales were $2.4 billion, down 1% compared to prior year as reported and off approximately 2% on a constant basis, which we define as adjusted for FX and days. For the full year 2019, total Company net sales were flat compared to 2018, as reported and up 2% on a constant basis. Organic growth in the legacy businesses was down 3% in the fourth quarter versus prior year on a constant basis and down 2% for the full year compared to 2018, also on a constant basis. In terms of earnings, the Company's adjusted operating income was $205 million in the fourth quarter, or 8.4% off 140 basis points from the fourth quarter of last year, largely due to weaker volume and price mix, only partially offset by improved productivity including lower start-up costs. With that said, the Company's year-over-year decline in margins improved on a sequential basis by 100 basis points, which now represents four consecutive quarters of improvement. Bridging from the prior-year fourth quarter adjusted operating earnings were impacted by number one lower overall volume of $10 million, largely in our Global Ceramic and Flooring North America segments and associated market-related downtime costs of $4 million, all taken in Global Ceramics to match our supply with our demand. Number two, a modest increase in inflation of $3 million due to higher wages and benefits, partially offset by lower raw materials. Number three an erosion of price-mix of $24 million, largely in our Flooring Rest of the World segment following easing input costs, and $11 million higher spending in SG&A and other due to investments in sales talent and marketing to drive sales. Moving to the positive offset, productivity including lower start-up costs, swung positive by $16 million versus last year, due to better utilization and non-repeating one-time items. For the full year adjusted operating income was $938 million or 9.4% of sales, off 250 basis points from prior year. Staying at the enterprise level, adjusted SG&A per net sales was 19.1% in the quarter, excluding unusual items, up 180 basis points year-over-year due to higher sales, marketing and merchandising expenses to roll out new products and to grow in new markets. Inflation, acquisition, lower volume and one-time charges also impacted the quarter. For the full year adjusted SG&A was 18.4% of sales, up 100 basis points year-over-year. And just to be clear, relative to the rollback of tariffs on clickable LVT product from China, prior to tariffs we had already raised inventory significantly and have since reduced purchases in 2019 as we reduced inventory and ramped up our US production. We also have purchased from other countries in this period. So the total gross rebate amounted to $13.5 million, which is in our guidance, spread over three quarters and largely offset by inventory value on hand. Special and unusual items in the fourth quarter consisted of a $50 million charge for restructuring and integration costs of which most was non-cash and divided relatively evenly among completing US carpet realignment and rightsizing the Company's wood manufacturing footprints in Flooring North America and Flooring Rest of the World as well as a $136 million one-time tax benefit associated with the consolidation of business activities in Europe within a single operating entity to improve management and increase efficiencies, also reducing the Company's tax rate somewhat in 2019. For the full year, total restructuring and integration charges taken for actions in Flooring North America and Flooring Rest of the World were $111 million, of which approximately $41 million was cash. And as we have said, the cash cost associated with carpet restructuring of approximately $30 million will be recovered as operational savings as lower cost pass-through inventory in the first half of this year reaching full run rate in the third quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $363 million or 15% before interest expense of $11 million. For the full year, adjusted EBITDA was $1.5 billion or 15.3%. The effective tax rate on a non-GAAP basis was 18.9% in the fourth quarter and 20.6% for the full year of '19. Finally adjusted net earnings per share was $2.25 in the quarter, down from $2.53 or 11% versus last year. And for the full year, adjusted net earnings per share was $10.04, down from $12.33 versus 2018. Now let me turn to the segments and I'm only going to speak to the fourth quarter here. The Global Ceramic segment delivered net sales of $858 million, flat versus prior year as reported, or a decrease of 1.5% on a constant basis. Looking at -- only at our legacy businesses, sales decreased approximately 4% on a constant basis. Operating income on an adjusted basis was $54 million, or 6.3% of net sales, down from a 10.1% margin last year, primarily due to increased competition and weaker demand in the US, coupled with higher inflation. So compared to last year at the segment level inflation was $16 million higher, driven by higher wages and materials and benefits, volume was off $14 million inclusive of $4 million of downtime, sales, marketing and other costs were up $5 million, price mix slipped $4 million and this was all partially offset by improved productivity and lower start-up costs of $6 million. FX in the quarter was neutral. Let's move to Flooring North America. The business showed better overall performance with sales of $936 million, down 4% versus last year as reported and down 5% on a constant basis as continued weakness in soft surfaces were partially offset by continued growth in LVT. Operating income on an adjusted basis was $69 million, or 7.4% of net sales in the fourth quarter. Bridging from last year, volume was down $17 million versus last year and accounted for the majority of the deficit. Price mix lagged prior year by approximately $6 million. Raw material cost decreases offset increases in wages and benefits, keeping inflation flat and productivity less reduced start-up costs was bettered by $6 million. Moving to Flooring Rest of the World, the segment had a solid quarter with sales of $630 million, up 2.6% versus last year as reported and 3.7% on a constant basis. Looking just at the legacy business, sales were up 1.5% on a constant basis. Adjusted operating income came in at $89 million, or 14.2% of sales in the quarter, an increase of 140 basis points versus last year in a very competitive environment, mainly as a result of increased volume. Going to the bridge, volume was better by $18 million, price mix lift by $15 million, but was largely offset by relief in overall inflation of $11 million, driven by lower input costs. Productivity including lower start-up costs was $3 million. And investments in sales, product marketing and other were $6 million higher in the quarter. FX was again neutral for the quarter. Finally, at the corporate level, expenses and eliminations drove an operating loss of $8 million with a full-year cost of $40 million. Speaking now to the balance sheet, receivables ended the quarter at $1.5 billion with days sales outstanding up due to changes in geographic and channel mix. Inventories ended the quarter at approximately $2.3 billion, or 134 days, higher in days versus prior year by approximately six days, but relatively flat in dollars as we continued to adjust our production to match our sales. Fixed assets for the quarter ended at $4.7 billion and capital expenditures of $140 million in the period, lower than depreciation and amortization, which was $154 million. So for the full year, CapEx was at $545 million lower than our D&A of $576 million as we efficiently managed our Q4 project spend in each of our segments. Total debt was $2.6 billion at the end of the quarter down approximately $200 million versus the third quarter with leverage declining to 1.6 times debt to adjusted EBITDA. Wrapping up the balance sheet is strong and getting stronger with free cash flow of $300 million in the quarter totaling $873 million in 2019 capping off a very solid year at overall cash generation. So with that, Chris, I'll turn it over to you.
Chris Wellborn: Thanks, Glenn. In our Global Ceramic segment, most of our markets faced a combination of soft demand and excess industry capacity that is compressing market prices and margins. During the quarter, our US ceramic business remained under pressure from LVT taking share and high industry inventories from ceramic purchases ahead of tariffs. Additionally, to align our own inventory levels, we meaningfully reduced production in our North American ceramic plants, which increased our cost. We have started to see some trends that should benefit our business in 2020. Compared to the prior year fourth quarter, total US ceramic imports declined 17% with Chinese ceramic imports falling 90%. Lower interest rates and improving new and existing home sales should also benefit the market this year. To improve our sales, we are rolling out multiple new products and adding sales representatives and design consultants in major markets. Our new collections aimed at replacing imports are gaining momentum. To increase productivity and reduce cost for our customers, we have streamlined ordering processes and made picking up orders at our service centers faster and easier. We continue to enhance our showrooms and galleries to better communicate the beauty and performance of our ceramic products. During the fourth quarter, we initiated manufacturing of our new click tile in multiple sizes and designs. A proprietary product has been tested in both residential and commercial applications and has received positive reviews for faster and less expensive installation that is able to be walked on the same day. We are launching click tile at our trade show this quarter and have already received commitments from major customers. We are expanding our mosaic and wall tile offerings to meet growing demand for these categories. Our quartz countertop sales continued to increase as we ramp up the productivity and throughput at our new Tennessee plant. We are developing more sophisticated visuals to enhance our manufactured quartz collections and improve our margins. Sales of our large porcelain slabs from Europe are growing and we are increasing the sales of Dal-Tile branded LVT products. In Mexico, the economy continued to face headwinds due to uncertainty around the US trade with the overall construction activity declining in the fourth quarter. We are gaining share by expanding our brands, distribution and product offerings with larger sizes, porcelain products and more comprehensive wall tile collection. We are increasing our participation in the commercial markets and enlarging our base of stores that exclusively sell our products. Despite a soft economy in Brazil, we had good sales growth during the period due to our strong brand and product offering. In December, we initiated production on a new porcelain tile line that produces larger sizes to expand our premium offering. To increase our sales in other South American countries, we are updating our showrooms and expanding distribution. The Southern European economies remained slow impacting our primary ceramic markets and industry pricing. In this environment, we increased our volume even as lagging consumer confidence reduced demand in the larger retail remodeling channel. We are expanding our activities in the commercial channels as well as outdoor products. To extend our style leadership, we are introducing new premium products with the surface structures aligned with the printed design to create more realistic visuals. Our medium priced products have enhanced our results with new sizes and visuals. Sales of our porcelain slabs grew dramatically from a small base during 2019 with the products gaining greater utilization in traditional areas as well as for countertops. We are increasing our inventories at our regional warehouses in Poland, Greece and Romania to expand our customer base with faster local service. We continue to specialize our plants by product type to optimize our cost and improve our competitive position. In Russia, we grew our ceramic sales in a soft market. Our growth was driven by our unique business model that includes the industry's most comprehensive premium offering, a national distribution network, owned and franchise retail stores and the strongest project specification organization in the industry. To further strengthen our position in 2020, we expect to expand the stores that exclusively sell our products to more than 400 locations across the country. To support our growth, we are starting up additional porcelain production to make super large sizes and a new plant to produce coordinated premium sanitary ware. In our Flooring North America segment, we have executed many initiatives to align the business with the present market conditions. We faced a challenging market with LVT growth continuing to impact sales of other product categories. As expected, our pricing and mix remained under pressure as customers traded down and lower production levels raised the cost. Lower raw material costs during the period were offset by a more competitive environment. We streamlined our infrastructure by closing three plants, consolidating high cost operations and reducing wood manufacturing. The effects of these actions will increase and flow through the inventory with full cost benefit in the third period. To reduce costs, we have implemented numerous process improvements, executed machine modifications and increased our recycled polyester production. We are leveraging automation and equipment advances to produce comparable volumes with the smaller manufacturing footprint. In the period, our residential carpet sales performed best in the new home construction and multifamily channels. Our new carpet introductions were well received at the national flooring trade show and they will be in the marketplace early 2020. We are leveraging our strengths in design and fiber technology to deliver differentiated new collections in both premium and value categories. In the luxury and super soft categories, we have extended our multi-color and pattern capabilities in our proprietary SmartStrand Silk collections. ColorMax, Mohawk's exclusive color blending technology is rapidly growing in the marketplace with its natural pallet that coordinates with wood and stone looks. We have increased our recycled polyester fiber capacity to expand our participation in the fastest growing carpet category. In commercial we are coordinating the colors and stylings of our carpet in LVT collections to enhance the design options. We have introduced award-winning collections for schools and workplaces with nature based designs. To increase our focus by channel, we are expanding our commercial sales organization and enhancing their skills. We continue to invest in new design capabilities, proprietary carpet tile backings and a material manufacturing to create greater value for customers and improve our cost. We have increased the production and speeds of our LVT operations and ongoing initiatives will further improve formulations and throughput. We are now operating at similar speeds to our European LVT operations. During the period US tariffs on click LVT were removed and the market has adjusted pricing to reflect this change. To expand our price points and highlight our unique visuals and features, we are introducing new collections for both the residential and commercial markets. Our expanded premium Pergo and Karastan collections have been well received at trade shows due to their leading visuals and styling. The virus in China is postponing some production start-ups and it could potentially disrupt some LVT service depending on when shipments resume. Sales of our waterproof laminate products are expanding across most channels and we anticipate continued market growth due to their realistic appearance durability and ease of installation. The detailed visuals and performance features of our premium laminate collections are increasingly being used as alternatives for both wood and LVT. To support higher laminate sales, we are upgrading our HDF board production to increase capacity and reduce cost. Our Flooring Rest of World segment continued to deliver strong results in the period. The segment's business is less exposed to those European countries which are having more economic difficulties. Across this segment, our investments in product innovation, cost improvements, acquisitions and new businesses strengthened our results. We are outperforming the European laminate market with our focus on premium products that are more realistic with unique features. Sales of our new laminate collection are ramping up quickly due to an enhanced level of sophistication. In the period, we absorbed higher marketing cost to support this introduction. We announced the consolidation of our wood manufacturing to our facility in Malaysia, which will improve our cost and flexibility to better service our customers. Our LVT sales grew as our new manufacturing productivity significantly improved. To further enhance our plant performance, we are implementing specific initiatives to improve throughput, material cost and waste. To utilize our growing capacity, we are introducing new rigid collections that are being well received in the retail, DIY and commercial channels. We are expanding our LVT offering to our European distribution system to broaden our specialty store penetration. Our sheet vinyl sales increased primarily from strong growth in Russia. The Russian plant is operating well and positively contributing to our results. Our European carpet tile business is expanding from a small base by increasing our sales organization and introducing higher value products to the market. Our panels business continues to perform well, as we introduced higher value products to improve our mix. We are increasing the use of recycled wood to benefit our cost and the environment. The expansion of our glue plant is operating well and is contributing positively to our results. We are also installing a second waste to energy plant to reduce our cost and increase recycling. This year our installation business had good results with higher sales volume, even as declining material costs considerably lowered market prices. In Australia and New Zealand, we had good performance. We are launching many new carpet collections in multiple fiber to enhance our residential offering. Our hard surface products had strong growth with LVT outperforming. New carpet tile collections are being introduced to support our new commercial carpet tile line that is being constructed. With that, I'll return the call to you, Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Chris. Market conditions remain challenging across most of our businesses and geographies. In response, we are adjusting our business strategies, enhancing our product offering and restructuring operations and are increasing our investments in sales and marketing, expanding our commercial participation and enhancing both our premium and value collections. We are bringing new products innovations and categories to the market that will broaden our distribution in the new channels and geographies. Our new LVT countertop, sheet vinyl and carpet tile plants are improving their productivity as we invest to expand our customer base and sales volume. Our LVT manufacturing capacity grows with higher speeds and efficiency. We are enhancing designs and features and increasing sales of our rigid and flexible offering. We are limiting the traditional inventory build that we typically do in the first quarter as we manage our production with market demand. Taking all this into account our EPS guidance for the first quarter of 2020 is $1.90 to $2.00 excluding any one-time charges. LVT growth, exchange rate and excess global capacity continue as headwinds for our business. We are executing specific initiatives to adapt to shifting consumer preferences, changing markets and competitive pressure. For the full year of 2020, we expect that our actions to increase sales and distribution, reduce costs and enhance utilization of our new plants will deliver improved results year-over-year with performance accelerating during the second half of the year. Our balance sheet should continue to improve with ongoing cash generation and we remain focused on delivering long-term value to our shareholders. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from the line of Philip Ng from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Philip Ng: Good morning.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Philip Ng: Your comments on LBT in Europe sounded pretty promising on the manufacturing front. So I'm just curious, are you making money with that line yet. And with the success you're seeing on the manufacturing front out there, are you still on track to breakeven in North America early 2020?
Jeff Lorberbaum: In Europe, we have three lines. the two old ones are operating as we expect and are doing well. The third one is not at the level we would like it to, but it's improving and we expect it to be profitable as we go through the year as well as the US line.
Philip Ng: Okay. Any more color in terms of the timing on the US line in terms of getting profitable?
Chris Wellborn: It's going to happen during the year.
Philip Ng: Okay. And then just one last one for me on the cash flow. Glenn, you were kind enough to give us free cash flow guidance last year. Any color on how we should think about 2020, some of the big moving pieces, whether it's working capital, CapEx? And then just given your balance sheet is in really good shape and cash flow still quite strong, are you guys open to buying back more stock?
Glenn Landau: Let me speak to the first part of that and I'll just say that we had a great cash flow year and we expect cash flow to remain strong into next year and the ability to improve our balance sheet is apparent.
Philip Ng: A word about on buybacks.
Glenn Landau: On buybacks, Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The buybacks, we have $125 million left. We'll continue buying against it and we'll evaluate it when we use it up.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning everyone. First question, I appreciate the kind of directional guidance for the year in terms of your outlook for improved results with acceleration in the back half. I was curious as to what that assumes from a top line perspective either by segment or on a consolidated basis. But just trying to get a sense of how you're thinking about sales growth for the year and if also there would be an acceleration in the back half there.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes, I appreciate you like more detailed information, but we give quarter guidance and we give you a direction, but we don't detail the rest of it and we're not going to do it now.
Michael Rehaut: All right. I had to try, I guess, but appreciate that. I guess secondly you've increased or you continue to take action around some of the restructuring and this is kind of an ongoing story as you continue to adjust the conditions. We've heard about the consolidation of the carpet operations going back to be the first half of 2019 I think initially the expectations were around some of those benefits coming through in the back half of '19 and obviously as you shut those plants down, we would presume that there is some amount of cost benefit on the onset. So just trying to understand how those costs are flowing through or at least the cost savings are flowing through. You highlighted the fact that there is things that are in inventory that continue to need to be worked through. But at the same time, I would have thought that some of those cost benefits might have come even in the back half of 2019.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Like we said, Mike, really we finished the carpet restructuring largely in the back half of 2019 and due to the timing of implementation and the inventory flow through of the costs we're talking about a full run rate impact in the third quarter. Yeah, there is a slow ramp-up, but the full impact that's meaningful will be closer to the start of the third quarter.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mike Dahl: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions and for all the details so far. First question, Glenn, thanks for outlining the LVT rebates. I guess, just asking more specifically, so I guess the $0.15 roughly in terms of benefits for the year, you said spread over three quarters. How much is included in the first quarter?
Glenn Landau: The first quarter is the lion's share, but it's over three quarters. It started in the first
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's offsetting the inventories. We have high inventories that you have with long supply chains. And so the majority of it's going to offset the price decreases that we've already implemented and as the inventory flows through they match up.
Glenn Landau: It's in our guidance, it's spread over three quarters. And like I said and like Jeff saying it's largely offset by the inventory value on hand.
Mike Dahl: Okay, that's helpful. And just the second question following up on that would be just given the price declines following the exclusions, you're saying it's offsetting the rebates in the first few quarters. But on a go-forward basis since the rebates kind of go away, the price declines, I guess, don't necessarily, how should we think about the net effect beyond the initial quarter or two where you have the offset from the rebates?
Glenn Landau: I think the way we need to think about it is they are roughly offsetting.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There is not -- there is not -- there is a large -- since we raised the inventory prior to the tariffs, the inventory that -- most of the inventory we sold in the year came from old pieces and we still have large inventories of what we've been purchasing through the period as it -- and so it's offsetting that.
Mike Dahl: Right. I guess -- sorry just where I was going with that, if market pricing has reset lower are you saying that it's only impacting the legacy inventory or is this a go-forward impact from lower market pricing as well?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The market pricing has gone down on clickable LVT and I don't see any reason it's going to change.
Mike Dahl: Okay.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And the products we're buying have gone down too. So the new prices are in line with the -- new selling prices and costs are aligned.
Glenn Landau: So to the extent we're buying it, it's pretty much offset.
Mike Dahl: Right, right. Got it, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Baugh from Stifel. Your line is open.
John Baugh: Thank you and good morning. Two quick questions. One, do you have a rough guess on revenue or sales basis what your market share of the US LVT market is?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. But we haven't -- we don't give out specific details on product categories.
John Baugh: Okay. Would you have a guess, Jeff as to when you see out into the future reaching parity or any kind of rough idea, timeline?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't understand the question.
John Baugh: Well, I presume your share of US LVT sales is lower than your share, sort of, of the flooring market in general. So my question is, when would you see Mohawk in LVT, whether it's imported or made in the US, sort of match up the shares of carpet, ceramic, laminate all put together?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's continuing to increase, but I don't have a date when the two match up.
John Baugh: Okay. Secondly, really quickly, you mentioned imports of ceramic from around the world into the US around 17% in Q4. Could you just remind us sort of on a normal typical year, how much import as a percentage of the US consumption. Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Imports is a huge part of the ceramic market, maybe 70%, 75%, it's a huge part.
John Baugh: Great. Thank you very much. Good luck.
Glenn Landau: Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Speer from Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Justin Speer: Appreciate it. Just wanted to start -- just to get a sense from you, because the removal of the click LVT tariff was fairly recent. But I think we understand the deflationary aspect of that in the near term, but how does that affect demand for LVT and what's your view for price and demand for the non-LVT categories in the fourth quarter and what's expected in the first quarter, kind of high level?
Jeff Lorberbaum: There are no details of that available today. Our expectation -- our guess is that LVT has approximately about a $3.5 billion part of the industry. It's growing. We think that the growth rate is slowing as the base gets bigger as we go through. It's impacting the growth rate of the other products within it as you go through. So I'm not sure we have the details that you're looking for.
Justin Speer: Okay. So I would just keep our eye on that. But I guess within your guidance, as you unpack that there is obviously some conservatism around maybe production rates slowing. And then the other element is a variable in SG&A investment. So SG&A was up about 9.5% in the fourth quarter, up 7% for the full year. I'm just trying to get a sense for what your SG&A investment will be in 2020 recognizing that you have some cost tailwinds from restructuring efforts. But you are also investing in the business. So just trying to get a sense for how much SG&A will be up or down next year.
Glenn Landau: Well, 2020 will be higher due to the full-year impact of our investments. We do expect higher sales in the second half. That's the target of these investments. We will evaluate as we go through the year and we'll adjust if necessary depending on the sales.
Justin Speer: Excellent. An the last question for me is just, I didn't catch it, but on the ceramic tile bridge, what was the price mix and what was the productivity and start-up cost elements of the bridge?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes, repeat the question.
Justin Speer: The bridge, the EBIT bridge that you gave, I didn't hear price mix or the productivity elements of the ceramic tile.
Jeff Lorberbaum: On the ceramic tile. So, on ceramic the price mix was slipped by $4 million.
Justin Speer: Down by $4 million.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Price mix slipped by $4 million and overall productivity and lower startups costs offset that. That was $6 million.
Justin Speer: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So a little more comment on the SG&A. In the US, we're expanding the commercial sales forces, we're building markets for quartz countertops, roofing and LVT. In Europe, we're developing a new commercial sales organization to sell LVT, vinyl and carpet tile. We've invested in regional distributors, which we purchased our distribution and different pieces, which all the costs going into SG&A was offset by higher sales and margins. And Russia, we've talked about increasing stores. So there's a lot of activities of which those are only some of.
Justin Speer: So these are growth investments and just ultimately you're -- so you're not pulling in the range. You're digging into invest to grow and ultimately you think that'll really manifest itself in growth -- better growth in the second half. Above market growth, do you think?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean the markets -- we're investing to expand the areas which we think we can expand and we'll monitor as we go through the year and we also have all the new product categories and new -- the new businesses. You have to put the sales people in before you get the sales for them and the marketing monies.
Justin Speer: That makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: And due to time constraints and to allow everyone to ask a question going further please allow yourself one question. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley from Barclays. Your line is open.
Matthew Bouley: Hey. Thank you for taking my questions or question. Can you just provide a little more color on the comment you made around the -- how the virus in China is impacting the start up of LVT production and how that's flowing to you guys, because obviously you're ramping your own capacity? I guess the question is how reliant is Mohawk on this start-up capacity in China for year 2020 plants? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The information is less than perfect at this point. They go on holiday for the new year, then the people come back. So the people are not coming back at the rate they would normally come back. There are -- some operations have started, some are in partial things and some haven't started at all. And the question is how is all that going to line up and when they're going to start. Nobody has a clear view of what it's going to be. Given we have inventories in line, we can last a while before it has any impact on the business and we're having monitor it to see what's going to happen. In our business we do buy products from other countries and we manufacture ourselves. So it has less impact on us than the rest of the industry, but the whole industry has the potential of a slower service depending upon what happens.
Matthew Bouley: Great. Thanks for the details, Jeff.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Susan Maklari: Good morning. I wondered if you could talk a little bit about how you're thinking of inflation and raw materials as we go through the year. I know that you said it was a $3 million benefit as it related to the consolidated business in the fourth quarter. But how are you thinking about that as we look to 2020?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The raw material prices in general, mostly the oil-related products, have come down. At the same time there is more aggressive pricing in the marketplace and we're assuming that the market prices are going to continue to reflect the decreases, mostly in the commodity categories and we're going to continue to participate in aggressive manner. We'll have to see how competition reacts. In some of the other places we had -- in Europe for instance, we had prices on our insulation boards come down dramatically, but so have the prices of the products in each. So we're assuming, given the excess capacities in the world today, that the changes will be reflected in market prices.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Seldon Clarke from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Seldon Clarke: Hey. Thanks for the question. Just given all the moving parts with your various product rollouts and investments in SG&A and just how the timing of these investments relate to your production ramp, when should we expect to see some operating leverage show up on the SG&A side?
Jeff Lorberbaum: In the second half we're expecting to see some benefits from the actions we're taking and we will keep re-evaluating them and depending upon how the markets change we will continue to adjust.
Seldon Clarke: And are those -- operating leverage, are those savings tied to operating leverage or purely cost, kind of $30 million you're targeting?
Glenn Landau: The $30 million of restructuring is more about cost.
Jeff Lorberbaum: You're tying the restructuring piece with the marketing investments, they are separate.
Seldon Clarke: Right. So I'm just trying to ask like when you should start to see some operating leverage on the SG&A side.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're expecting to see most -- more of the benefits about in the third quarter in the second half, we keep saying.
Seldon Clarke: Got it, okay. Appreciate the question. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Wojs from Baird. Your line is open.
Tim Wojs: Hey guys. Good morning.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Tim Wojs: Just a clarification. So SG&A is up and is expected to be up over the next few quarters as you're investing in to grow sales. But the gross profit was actually up in Q4 for the first time in, I think, six or seven quarters. So should we expect that that gross profit can actually grow a little bit and you're reinvesting that in SG&A now and that's really what's driving some of the year-over-year EBIT margin compression? Is that the right way to look at it?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You answer what he wants.
Glenn Landau: I think we stated broadly, we expect 2020 to improve over this year, our overall results back-end weighted to the second half and that's broad based. It's based on our initiatives and the pass-through of the costs. So SG&A is a function of that and ultimately the trend should continue.
Tim Wojs: Okay.
Jeff Lorberbaum: On the cost side, we're expecting the restructuring pieces we've done to benefit at the same time, the increased volume through the new plants should reduce the cost and help the margins in those also.
Tim Wojs: Okay. Okay. That sounds good. And then just sneaking another one in. What's the cost inflation outlook in ceramic?
Glenn Landau: Again, we've talked about that several times in ceramic and that's really overseas. That is largely some raw material, but energy costs that are driven by the Eastern European facilities and fixed government pricing.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yeah, I think in Europe we expect maybe a little relief on some of the energy increases this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes: Thanks. Questions on North America ceramic, in light of the fall in imports as you had identified, is that -- I guess my question is where does the channel inventory stand now? When do you think that will be more balanced? I know it's been out of over-inventory for sometimes.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Keith, we don't know -- we don't have the data to see the inventory exactly. What we know is that the imports, which is a huge piece of the market came down 17% in the quarter and the imports from China dropped off altogether. So we expect that it's a combination of inventories in this channel coming down and softness in the market.
Keith Hughes: Is this still something that's going to affect the first half
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's just hard to tell because --
Keith Hughes: Hard to tell.
Jeff Lorberbaum: All we can really see is the amount of inventory coming in to the country. But we don't have a sense yet exactly the size of the inventory in the channel.
Keith Hughes: I understand. Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Wood from Nomura Instinet. Your line is open.
Michael Wood: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to talk about that ceramics import data. If I look at it historically it is down considerably fourth quarter year-over-year although it's still higher than the fourth quarter in '17 and '16. So I'm just curious how you're looking at that level of imports and how you're thinking where it should be. I mean, is this a level a healthy amount of import activity currently that we can sustain?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, what we believe is that as you got into 2019 and when the tariffs were announced on the Chinese product prior to those going to effect there was, we believe, a significant increase in pre-buys related to that. In addition, as they replace the Chinese inventory with other countries, you had a combination of Chinese inventories in the system plus new products that they were purchasing to replace it which elevated those inventories and sort of, we believe, gave a sort of a thoughts view of how much the industry was growing. We don't know exactly last year, but we think it probably declined 3% to 5% -- would be, but it's just a guess.
Michael Wood: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Truman Patterson from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Truman Patterson: The question for me, the capacity that you all have coming online previously earlier last year, you said you had about $1.2 billion coming online in 2019 and 2020. Could you just give us an update of how much is coming online in 2020 and possibly 2021? Remind us which products and categories. And then just one item for clarification. The LVT rebate, if I'm hearing you correctly in the first quarter, it will probably be somewhere around maybe $0.10 benefit to EPS.
Glenn Landau: Well, again, what we said is that's the total rebate which will be largely offset by inventory and lower pricing. So, again, it's immaterial, but it's in the guidance.
Truman Patterson: Okay. And then the capacity.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The new plants are they -- the different pieces. We have LVT which is still ramping up that will ramp up all through this year. We have the Russian sheet vinyl plant, which is running -- it's positively helping the business now, but it still has -- it's only used about 30% of the capacity as we push it into the marketplace. We have the carpet tile business, which we're developing an entire commercial sales organization, which is also going to sell vinyl and LVT in Europe. So it's ramping up. It takes a while to develop the customers and pieces. We put in a new capacity in Brazil to put in higher end products. We have capacity in Eastern Europe to make low-end ceramic, which expands our market there, is ramping up. We have the quartz plant in the United States that's running about three shifts today, but it's building inventory and also pushing it in. Over time that would go to four shifts and the productivity and inventories -- the productivity and throughput will go up. And all of them we have to get the mix aligned because you start out selling more lower-quality products to get more volume through the plants and it's going to take time to develop those as we go through. So they're all working through they system at different rates.
Truman Patterson: Okay, thank you. Is that still about $1.2 billion that you're bringing online over the next couple of years?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean part of it's already on. So what's happening is, some of the upside is getting offset by decreases in our legacy businesses. So the legacy businesses have declines and it's offsetting some of the gains in the new pieces.
Truman Patterson: Okay. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group. Your line is open.
Brian Biros: This is actually Brian Biros on for Kathryn. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to ask a follow-up on the coronavirus and I guess the supply chain impact. TRG industry contacts are telling us that the supply chain has not really yet been meaningfully impacted. But if the manufacturing stoppages are extended another three to four weeks, that could then impact shipments about three to five months from now. Actually wanted to see if you guys think that logic makes sense and maybe any color on what you're hearing from manufacturers from either Vietnam or South Korea on the impact to their supply chain.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that's close to what we said. We said that right now it's difficult to say how fast it's going to come up that there are huge inventories in the chain over different times that it depends on each piece. So typically there is anywhere from four to seven months of inventory through the channels and the stuff coming through, and in that you have some that have low parts and some that have high parts across the industry. So depending upon what it is and each piece and how fast the part comes up, it depends on the time. There could be people on the channel with less than that and they could be impacted with a few weeks' worth of delays. The non-Chinese production and the surrounding countries, some of it or a significant part of it also uses inputs coming out of China. So if the inputs don't come up, it could affect those also. So at this point, it's really difficult to know what's going to happen and the impact. It depends on the inventory levels of any individual SKUs at this point. As most people when they buy from there, there is the Chinese New Year where they shut down. So you have the product that was bought in anticipation of that still flowing across the water coming in. And so it still comes back to how fast it's going to pick up and what's the timing of the new production is going to -- production coming up and nobody has any idea.
Brian Biros: Got it. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lovallo from Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Lovallo: Hey guys. Thank you for fitting me in here. I just want to make sure that I understand your outlook seems to imply year-over-year operating margin expansion at least in 3Q and 4Q, is that correct?
Glenn Landau: Yes.
John Lovallo: Thanks.
Operator: And our final question today comes from the line of Laura Champine from Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Laura Champine: Thanks for taking my question. If we look at your new production of LVT in the US, how competitively do you think you'll be able to price that product relative to Chinese competition and how does that influence your ability to get close to full capacity by the end of the year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think when it's fully optimized that we'll be able to compete with the world marketplaces. At the same time our goal isn't to sell all commodity product. Our goal is to sell value-added products that have a higher average mix which will help -- which will allow us to meet the return goals that we have.
Laura Champine: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: While reacting to the market conditions, we see excess capacities in the market continuing and we'll have to continue to react to competition in the marketplaces as they evolve. There are a lot of indicators that many of the markets around the world are expecting the economies to get better and improve. We have a lot of -- a lot going on to increase the utilization of our new plants, which we think will help the second half as the throughputs go up, which will allow the cost to come down and also the mix to improve over time. We think we're doing the right things to react to the market and invest in the categories to increase our business level during these times. We appreciate you taking your time and listening to us. Have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jeffrey and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today Friday, October 25, 2019. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Ken Huelskamp. Mr. Huelskamp, you may begin your conference.
Ken Huelskamp: Thank you. Good morning everyone, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today, we'll update you on the company's third quarter results for 2019 and provide guidance for the fourth quarter. I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties including but not limited to those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussions on non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amount, please refer to our Form 8-K and the press release in the Investor section of our website. The key speakers today are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Wellborn, Chief Operating Officer; and Glenn Landau, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Jeff for his opening remarks. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Ken. Our third quarter operating results were in line with our expectations so were not satisfied with our performance. Our sales were $2.5 billion roughly flat as reported on a constant basis. Our adjusted operating income for the period was $250 million or 10% of sales. Compared to the prior year, the U.S. dollar strengthened creating a $35 million impact on our translated revenues. As anticipated, our U.S. businesses presented the greatest challenges during the period given soft retail demand, the impact of LVT, a stronger dollar, and excess ceramic inventories in the industry. Lower interest rates in the U.S. are positively impacting housing starts and home sales and many believe this could be the beginning of an improving housing market. During the period, duties on imported ceramic tiles were increased by an additional 104% which will largely stop shipments coming into the market. Trends in our other major markets weakened creating a more competitive environment. In most regions significant political and trade uncertainties are affecting consumer confidence in spending. In response to economic concerns, Central Banks in many countries are lowering interest rates to stimulate growth. We expect the present condition to persist in the near-term, and we will further adjust our strategies as needed. We're progressing on the initiatives to improve our business, with the most significant of these being aligning the ceramic production with demand in the U.S., realigning our North American carpet operation, optimizing our LVT manufacturing, and ramping up our new plant. In addition, we're entering new product categories, introducing innovative product extensions, and optimizing our recent acquisitions. Were investing in more sales personnel and marketing to increase our penetration in new and existing products. We continue to streamline our operations to enhance efficiencies and we're leveraging automation and process enhancements to lower our cost. Our free cash flow for the quarter is up year-over-year and our balance sheet remains strong. Since the beginning of the third quarter, we purchased over 740,000 shares for approximately $91 million under our stock purchase program. For view of our financial performance during the period, I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Landau: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Moving right into our financial performance and year-over-year bridges, as Jeff shared third quarter total company net sales were $2.5 billion roughly flat on a constant basis compared to prior year or down 1% as reported. Year-to-date total company net sales were up 2.8% on a constant basis and flat as reported through the third quarter. Organic growth in legacy businesses was down 2.5% in the third quarter on a constant basis, bringing our year-to-date legacy growth down 1.6% versus the first three quarters of 2018. In terms of earnings, the company's adjusted operating income was $250 million in the third quarter or 9.9% of sales. This is off 242 basis points from the third quarter last year largely due to weaker ceramic volume as expected. With that said the company's year-over-year decline in margins improved modestly on a sequential basis by 15 basis points, which represents now three consecutive quarters of improvement. Bridging from the prior year third quarter, adjusted operating earnings were impacted by one, lower overall volume of $16 million, largely in Flooring North America and Global Ceramics and associated market-related shutdown costs of $9 million all in our Global Ceramics segment to match our supply with our demand in order to manage our inventories in the U.S. An increase of inflation of about $19 million due to higher wages and benefits partially offset by lower raw materials, an erosion in price mix of $15 million largely in our Flooring Rest of the World segment as input costs have eased, and $10 million higher spending in SG&A as other and other due to investments in sales and talent and marketing to drive sales, including product rollout initiatives and new start-ups. Moving to the positive offsets productivity, including lower start-up costs swung positive by $8 million versus last year due to better utilization and non-repeating one-time costs. Lastly, FX translation impact was unfavorable by approximately $3 million. Still at the enterprise level, SG&A per net sales across the enterprise was 17.8% excluding unusual items. Special and unusual items in the quarter consisted of approximately $10 million in restructuring and integration costs impacting operating income, primarily in Flooring North America, of which most was for cash, and $65 million or $43 million after-tax write-down of our investments in a Chinese supplier in the other income line as a consequence of the September ruling by the U.S. Commerce Department imposing an incremental 104% countervailing duty on ceramic title, effectively stopping Mohawk purchases from this Chinese entity. With this partial offset by about $8 million due to transactional FX in other income for a total special and unusual items of $66 million before tax. Back to our restructuring and integration for the full-year, we expect to complete the $94 million as previously disclosed this year, plus a further $15 million to $25 million, some of which may fall into 2020. And as we shared last quarter, the cash components of the restructuring of approximately $30 million to $35 million should be recovered in about a year as lower costs. Adjusted EBITDA was $398 million or 15.8% before interest expense of $9 million, which was flat with last year. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 18.3% and is expected to move into a range of 17% to 19% in the fourth quarter, driving full-year guidance down to the 19% to 20% range. Finally, adjusted net earnings per share was $2.75 in the quarter down from $3.29 or 16% versus last year. Turning now to the segments. Global Ceramics delivered sales of $916 million, an increase of 4.3% on a constant basis versus last year or 3.5% as reported. Operating income on an adjusted basis was $86 million or 9.3% of net sales down from 13.4% margin last year primarily due to weaker demand and higher U.S. inventories associated with duties. Compared to last year, inflation was $18 million higher driven by higher material costs and wages. Volume was softer by $11 million inclusive of $9 million in downtime. Sales and marketing costs were up $8 million and price mix slipped $2 million. All of this partially offset by improved productivity and lower start-up costs of $6 million. FX was neutral in the quarter. In the Flooring North American segments the business showed better overall performance with sales of $1 billion down 4.4% versus last year as continued weakness in soft surfaces were partially offset by solid laminate performance and continued significant growth in LVT. Adjusted operating income improved for the second quarter in a row sequentially as Flooring North America earned $84 million or 8.4% of net sales in the third quarter, cutting the year-over-year deficit to $20 million versus $47 million in the second quarter. Compared to last year volume accounted for the majority of the deficit down $17 million versus last year and inflation the rest of a net $7 million with improved raw material costs partially offsetting higher wages and benefits. Turning positive price mix improved $4 million and productivity less reduced start-up costs was also positive. Moving to Flooring Rest of the World, the segment had sales of $601 million, up 2.5% versus last year on a constant basis but down 1.9% as reported, with legacy sales holding at 0.4% at a constant basis. Adjusted operating income came in at $89 million or 14.8% in the quarter off 100 basis points versus last year in a competitive environment. Compared to last year, the business continues to manage well in a more difficult environment supported by solid LVT, laminate, and installation performance. The primary headwind in the quarter was an erosion of price mix of $17 million largely offset by relief in overall inflation of $10 million by lower input costs and modest improvements in volume and productivity totaling $4 million. Additionally, investments in sales and product marketing were $2 million higher in the quarter and FX translation was unfavorable by $3 million. Finally at the corporate level expenses and eliminations drove an operating loss of $9 million with a full-year estimate holding the range of $35 million to $40 million. Speaking now to the balance sheet receivables ended the quarter at $1.8 billion with days sales outstanding up due to changes in geographic and channel mix. Inventories ended the quarter at approximately $2.3 billion or 126 days flat with the prior quarter and higher year-over-year by $124 million through the ramp-up of new investments, acquisitions, and increased source products. Fixed costs for the quarter ended at $4.6 billion down $100 million compared to the prior quarter on capital expenditures of $125 million in the period lower than depreciation which was $145 million and in line with the plan. For the full-year, CapEx we are on track to spend about $575 million which is depreciation up to $595 million depending on timing. Total debt was $2.8 billion at the end of the quarter, down $300 million since exiting the second quarter with leverage declining to 1.7 times debt-to-adjusted EBITDA. We also closed our efforts to renew our credit revolver for the full $1.8 billion for five-years plus two automatic one-year extension. So wrapping up the balance sheet is strong and getting stronger with free cash flow of $286 million in the quarter, totaling $572 million year-to-date, giving us line of sight to our expected solid cash year, in addition to at $700 plus million. With that, Chris, I'll turn it over to you.
Chris Wellborn: Thank you, Glenn. In our Global Ceramics segment, our businesses around the world are under pressure caused by slowing economies. Excess industry capacities are creating more pricing and margin pressures. In most of our markets, commercial is outperforming retail as consumers are postponing purchases. In U.S., ceramic retailers are promoting lower price points, consumers shifting to LVT, and inventories remain high in the channel. During the quarter, the U.S. imposed increased tariffs on Chinese imports and further anti-dumping duties are anticipated. At these levels, U.S. ceramic purchases will be shifted to manufacturers around the world and should benefit Mohawk and other domestic manufacturers. The excess inventories created by the tariffs will take time to be absorbed in the channel. We expect the U.S. ceramic market to remain soft in the near-term and we are taking actions to improve our sales and costs. We are expanding our offering of stone looks and polished tiles and we are introducing additional value collections. We are adding more salespeople in major markets to increase our participation in commercial projects. We are rolling out new online processes to make our customer ordering and pick-up faster and easier. To complement our ceramic offering, we are selling Dovetail LVT for commercial applications and will introduce residential LVT collection. We are initiating a limited launch of our new easy installation ceramic tile and we will expand more broadly at the beginning of the year. This patented system cuts the installation time in half with limited expertise and we are receiving positive feedback as we demonstrate the benefits. We're developing new markets for porcelain, roofing and thick landscape tiles which over time will create new sales channels for our business. Our new countertop plant in Tennessee is ramping up processes and formulations are being refined and new products are being created. Utilizing state-of-the-art robotics, we have begun manufacturing premium countertops that will improve our sales and mix. We are presently staffed to operate three shifts and will expand production further next year. We have outperformed the Mexican ceramic industry by expanding our product offering and growing our customer base. We are hiring additional architectural reps to increase our commercial sales and enhancing our collections with premium porcelain, large sizes and new wall tile products. We're supporting stores exclusively carrying Dovetail products and expanding our trucking fleet to improve service and costs. The Brazilian market is showing some signs of recovery and we have outpaced the market with our premium brand and offering. We have a strong position in the new construction market which is outperforming residential remodeling. We are replacing an old ceramic line with new porcelain production that is more efficient and will produce larger sizes when operational early next year. To meet present capacity needs, we have also restarted two previously idle lines. The European ceramic industry has slowed with the overall economies and lower exports to other regions. Excess industry capacity and inflation is compressing margins as we are selling more lower value tile, which reduced our mix. Commercial is outperforming residential and we are leveraging our comprehensive offering, expanding our specification team, and adding showrooms in major cities to grow. Declining consumer confidence is impacting discretionary spending and is compressing the retail remodeling channels. Our commercial technical tile, porcelain slabs and outdoor products are gaining traction and strengthening our higher value offerings. We are reinforcing our leading design with larger porcelain slabs for walls, printed registration that delivers more realistic visuals, and slip-resistant styles for commercial application. Our resin ceramic business is the market leader and is gaining share due to our national distribution systems owned and franchise stores and project specification teams. Our technology, design, and scale, give us the foremost position in the premium category as well as a cost advantage. To complement our tile business, we are constructing a small sanitary ware plant that should be operational in the first quarter next year. In our Flooring North America segment, our margins have improved compared to the prior quarter due to increased sales, lower material costs, and operational initiatives partially offset by lower product mix and inflation in labor. The business has been reorganized by product category to enhance our sales, product, and operational strategies and execution. By volume carpet still represents by far the largest category in the North American Flooring market though its losing share to hard surfaces. Polyester carpets continue to gain share in the soft market which has reduced our overall product mix. We have completed the expansion of our recycled polyester fiber to support continued growth in the category. We have expanded our offering of multi-colored and pattern carpet as consumer preferences shift from solid colors. We're preparing our new residential introductions earlier this fall, so they can be in the market sooner next year. The realignment of our residential carpet manufacturing will be largely complete in the fourth quarter and will improve our cost, quality, and service. We are aligning our operations for lower residential carpet volumes and utilizing our best assets. We have closed higher cost extrusion and dying assets and consolidated yarn and tufting production. We have increased automation in upgraded assets to improve our backing and yarn costs. Beyond asset rationalization, we have enhanced our continuous improvement processes to increase efficiencies and process controls. Our commercial business continues to outperform with carpet tile and LVT growing fastest. We are expanding our sales organization and increasing our carpet tile manufacturing. We have broadened our carpet tile offering with new pattern technology with unique visuals and value alternatives. We are launching more flexible LVT options for commercial that provides acoustic advantages and are more comfortable underfoot. During the period, LVT sales outperformed the other categories with demand remaining strong and LVT operations continue to improve production, volume, speeds, and costs. One of our LVT lines is specialized on rigid products, while the other is producing flexible products, with each providing unique features for different requirements. In September, we set a record for rigid production levels, and the flexible line is now running at comparable speeds to our European operations. Our rigid LVT line is focused on the production of SPC which is the fastest growing category today. We continue to transfer operational improvements that have been executed in Europe to increase throughput and introduce additional features. We have specific ongoing actions that will further increase our output and lower our costs through the first quarter. To utilize our increasing production, we are introducing new products and features under our best brands for both the retail and commercial markets. Our manufactured sheet vinyl sales continue to grow as we broaden our offering and expand our position in the multifamily and home center channels. We expanded our waterproof laminate offerings and used our premium laminate collections is extending throughout the home in the remodeling and new construction channels. Our Redwood collection is providing a desirable alternative for both LVT and natural woods with a superior scratch and dent resistance, state-of-the-art visuals and greater value. We have developed proprietary technology so that our laminate better replicates real wood and has superior water resistance. To support our laminate business, we are upgrading our HDF manufacturing to increase our capacity and improve our cost. In a slower environment, our Flooring Rest of World segment delivered solid results driven by product innovation, cost improvements, new businesses, and acquisitions. Our new LVT sheet vinyl, laminate and carpet tile operations are making progress in reaching our expected levels. In laminate, we outperformed the market as our new premium products with waterproof features gain momentum and improved our mix. We have introduced the Signature collection, which sets the standard for the most realistic visuals and we're adding our waterproof technology to most of our products. We have further increased our direct distribution footprint with the acquisition of our Eastern European distributor. Our direct distribution strategy positions us closer to our customers and provides them with greater service and value. Our Russian laminate expansion is operating at expected levels and our sales are growing as we expand our customer base. As our LVT production increases, we are expanding our product offerings and sales to grow all segments of the market. In rigid, we're introducing new collections with embossed and registration to utilize our increasing capacity. We continue to enhance our line speeds, yield, and formulations to improve our cost position. This process will continue into next year when we anticipate achieving our plant production rates and cost. To increase our distribution, were offering retailers fashionable products with better value, service, and inventory turns to enhance their results. Our sheet vinyl business is performing stronger as our new resin plant expands sales and volume increases. The new plant has freed up capacity in Europe, so we can expand our offerings and customer base. Our installation business is performing well with volumes at historically high levels; our margins remain good even though pricing has declined, along with lower material cost. Our panel business has slowed, reducing our pricing and volume partially offset by mix and lower materials. To further improve our cost this year, we are expanding our internal glue production. Next year we will increase our use of recycled wood and start-up a new plant that generates energy from wastewood. In Australia/New Zealand, the integration of our acquisition is largely complete, while the regional economies have softened, interest rates have been reduced, and there are some signs in improving housing market. To increase our market share, we are upgrading our hard and soft surface product offerings. We are investing to expand our retail distribution and commercial carpet tile production. We have completed the closing of high cost assets in Australia which will benefit our results moving forward. With that, I'll return the call to you, Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. We see the present market conditions continuing, and we're taking actions to better position our business for the future. We're investing more in sales and marketing to expand placement of our products and increase the utilization of our new plants. Our new Greenfield projects will progress as sales and costs improve. Our LVT production is improving and increased distribution will follow. Our U.S. and European ceramic businesses are being impacted by lower market demand and we're reducing inventory levels, expanding product offerings, and entering new categories. The restructuring of our U.S. corporate operations will be substantially complete this year and will benefit our costs next year. Taking this into account, our EPS guidance for the fourth quarter is $2.13 to $2.23 excluding one-time charges. We will adapt our business strategies to the future circumstance as required. Next year our business will benefit from our new products, higher utilization of our start-ups, and cost reductions we have taken in 2019. Our results and balance sheet should improve with strong cash generation to take advantage of future opportunities. We have a strong Global Management team and they are focused on enhancing our results and optimizing our long-term profitability. With that, we will be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of John Baugh with Stifel. Your line is open.
John Baugh: Thank you. Good morning and I wanted to focus on the North American revenue performance which I think was down just a little over 4% in the quarter versus the prior quarter, second quarter where it was down 7%. Is there any way you could give some more detail on sort of what drove that in terms of laminate versus LVT? And then, was carpet down about similarly I guess? And then also, what -- where we sit today in terms of sourced LVT sales versus produced and I appreciate the record comment of rigid production but not sure how to quantify that? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The carpet industry remains under pressure and is losing share. The industry declined about 7% in units with commercial outperforming residential pieces but we see housing sales remodeling could improve as we go forward. The LVT manufacturing, the other businesses, the laminate business is doing well as we introduced new products that are going into different markets and satisfying all the different markets and acting as an alternative to the other waterproof products in the category. The LVT continued to increase as the sales goes up, as the production goes up. We're increasing new products into the marketplace with different visuals and performance features, which will help us more next year than immediately as we go through. We think the throughput of plant is going to keep going up and we're lining new customers to use it next year as we go forward.
John Baugh: Jeff, on laminate, I thought I heard in there particle board expansion. It was right -- is that in the U.S. or in Europe, I've been worried a little about by the U.S. laminate production rate and it sounds like its reasonably strong?
JeffLorberbaum: In U.S. its a HDF board which we make the core products in, we have exceeded the capacities of the plants. So we are upgrading them in order to increase the throughput and lower the cost to support the business.
Chris Wellborn: John, just also a comment that premium laminate is growing as an alternative for wood and LVT, while the lower end laminate is declining. The technologies we use that make it very realistic as an alternative to wood, it has superior visual, scratch resistance, water resistance. So we're doing quite well.
John Baugh: Then lastly quickly, Chris. So what can you see or discern in terms of industry ceramic inventory in the United States, where do we sit? Is that getting better I appreciate you wont see a benefit until we get into 2020. But is there any improvement?
Chris Wellborn: Yes, I think it's a good idea to first explain the difference between our company and the industry. But let's answer your question first the industry. We don't really know exactly what the inventory levels shows, we only see import volume, not the actual inventory. What we know is that this year, the Chinese inventory spiked in front of these tariffs. And our customers are telling us that they have a lot of inventory. Going forward, that will be an opportunity for us as those Chinese inventories deplete, we have options to replace those with our internal production and we have a very short supply chain which should put us in a good position as the industry inventories deplete.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Stephen Kim: Thanks very much guys, appreciate it, encouraging signs, particularly in Flooring North America. I just wanted to make a comment as well as a question, my comment both about making permanent adjustments in capacity. First, the comment you've been implementing what I would call a formalized restructuring program in carpet this year, and you've given a lot of qualitative commentary about the rationale and the actions you're taking. But unlike, we get with a lot of other public companies restructuring plans; the Street hasn't had a set of quarterly numbers to model with and track your progress --
Jeff Lorberbaum: Operator, we lost you. We lost you for a minute.
Stephen Kim: Oh, I apologize for that. I guess what I was saying is that we don't get from you a good sense of in this corporate restructuring, what the ultimate annualized savings opportunity is and how much should land and what quarter? And I think if you could do that, I think it would really help investors with a medium to longer-term opportunity, prognosis or making that projection. And so in a related way, my question is in ceramic. What would you need to see, Chris, with respect to your assessment or your ability to assess supply/demand in the industry, to embark on a restructuring program in ceramic, will you take out some older capacity to accelerate the inventory decline? Much like what you are currently doing in carpet?
Chris Wellborn: Okay, yes, I can answer that. So this is what we have going on in our Global Ceramic, generally, we have slower economic conditions and greater competition in the market. If you look at the U.S., it's mostly impacted by LVT growth, excess inventory from tariffs and a stronger dollar. And if you look at Europe, it's impacted more by a slowing economy and lower exports to other regions. And in that environment, as you know, which we expect to remain for some time, we have taken actions to reduce our inventories. And that's contributed to the favorable cash flow that you see. Now going forward, we're taking a lot of actions to improve our business. We're adding sales people while we're continuing to reduce our internal costs. We're introducing products that are alternatives for imports. We're introducing pioneering really new easy installation tile, roofing and outdoor products. And at the -- what we're looking for then is we've got our inventories in good shape, we will by the end of the year, we're about to ramp-up with all these new products and salespeople. And we have the opportunity to take share from these imports. And I think as you go through the year, our hope is that these things kick-in, and that we are able to use our capacity.
Stephen Kim: Got it. So we really shouldn't be expecting a significant restructuring where you're taking capacity out because you think your inventories are going to be pretty much in good shape by the end of the year, thats very encouraging.
Chris Wellborn: Yes. Our inventories will be in good shape and we think we have opportunities to grow the business.
Stephen Kim: Yes, thats very encouraging. I appreciate it. If I could just follow-on in terms of LVT in Europe, you made some comments about how, when we went down there recently, Jeff, I think you mentioned that 90% of the market over there in LVT is actually flex-LVT, not rigid LVT. And I just wanted to clarify, from your press release, it sounded almost like you could make more rigid product over there than you can sell and so you're increasing your sales force over there. So that that was a little surprising because it sounds almost like that means that when you started making the facility building the line that since that time the market for rigid in Europe grew slower than you thought while in the U.S. obviously the markets grown way faster for rigid. So just wondering if you could clarify that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes, the market in Europe is still primarily flexible and there's click and non-click. The rigid is a relatively limited share of the total market, but we think it's going to grow quickly. Our equipment that we put in will make either or as you go through. So we're introducing new products in rigid and we're going to try to push the market to sell more rigid as we go but our equipment will make both. The other side is the marketplace is also selling much less of it. It has about half the market share in Europe. It does in the U.S. and the growth rates less than half also. So the markets are nothing alike.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. First I just wanted to hit on just trying to get a sense of progress with LVT. And obviously, you mentioned some encouraging factoids about September production of rigid and also matching the European production. When you look at the incremental lines that you put together over the last year and as they've been ramping, where would you peg the capacity utilization of those lines given the progress that you've highlighted so far on your press release today in your comments, how should we think about the capacity utilization is it of the two lines in the U.S. and Europe, are we talking about 75% or greater and similarly from a margin standpoint, how should we think about where you -- what margins those that that production is producing is it still below average or is that a higher level of capacity utilization, is it more in line with the corporate average?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You have to separate U.S. and Europe into different pieces. The U.S. business is utilizing all the capacity as it's running now. And as it speeds up, we have avenues to use it as well as the substitute other product categories we have, as it ramps up. In Europe, we don't source any products. So as it ramps up, we have to build the sales for it in front of it and you have to put the products in the marketplace. So in Europe, we're going to get ahead of the production rate, we're going to get ahead of the sales rate, and it's going to have to catch-up in the interim. On the cost, none of the costs are where we want them because we don't have the throughput and the material formulation where we want them and we've said we have ongoing programs, week-to-week, and it will go into next, into first of next year and we expect to hit our targeted cost structure sometime as we go into next year. The other part is the mix on the products and the product mix, you start out with selling the products to use the capacity and then over time, you try to move the product mix up by selling higher value products, which takes time in the marketplace.
Michael Rehaut: Okay, that's helpful. I appreciate that, Jeff. And I guess just one other one if I could squeeze one in, please, on the price mix. I believe you said that, it kind of netted out roughly neutral maybe it's just a slight headwind year-over-year. I want to get a sense of sequentially how you're looking at price mix, how it went from 2Q to 3Q in each of the segments and if that's still kind of a moving target, and obviously, there's been some slippage there. I was hoping if you can address each of the segments directionally sequentially, where price mix particularly mix has trended in 3Q and how you see that playing out through the rest of the year?
JeffLorberbaum: Listen in general, all the businesses the price mix is declining as the volume and the different categories are under pressure. And as people -- as our customers tend to use price to attract cost consumers on one hand and on the other as we tend to sell more lower value products to utilize the plant hire. So they're all going lower.
Chris Wellborn: All I'd add to that is that for the enterprise, it's lower, like Jeff says $15 million, but that's largely in Flooring Rest of the World, but that's with lot of input costs easing. So I think offline we could bridge the quarter by segments. But the theme is essentially that is that there's competitive marketplace out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Phil Ng with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Phil Ng: Hey, guys, in the last 18 months or so you've obviously had a lot of headwinds, whether it's drawn down production with the downdraft in demand, price costs and start-up costs, way on profitability, when you kind of look at 2020, do you expect these headwinds to moderate and some of the self-help initiatives to kind of kick in and drop through the bottom-line where margins could actually be up your view next year, it would be helpful kind of tie all that together?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The market in general, as we keep talking about is under pressure. And we keep aligning the businesses with the markets. As we look forward, you see us investing more in sales and marketing to increase our share both in existing products as well as to get these new factories up and running. The positive pieces are the North American restructuring is going to start benefiting the business next year. The LVT lines will be operating more efficiently. These other plants were talking about will start adding value versus being a drag on the pieces. And the marketplace will have to keep reacting to whatever happens.
Phil Ng: Got it. And just one last one, Chris, I believe on the call you mentioned that you expect your inventory on ceramics to be in pretty good shape by the end of the year. If that's the case, obviously the back half of this year you've had a big drag on production curtailment for ceramics, should that become like a neutral event when you think about early next year then?
Chris Wellborn: Well, I think as we -- next year as we go into next year we've got all these things to drive our business and how we utilize that capacity will really depend on how fast they ramp up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Wood with Nomura Instinet. Your line is open.
Michael Wood: Hi, good morning. I wanted to shift gears to carpet, particularly in nylon. I'm curious how small thats become as a portion of your mix in carpet and can you scale operation in nylon specifically enough to achieve the required returns that you have?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The nylon part of the business has declined in residential. And we have another category that we compete against nylon with we call smart strand, which is made out of Triexta. Both of those things compete in the higher end of the business. And we have a much larger business in Triexta than we do on nylon in the residential category. On the commercial side, you have the nylon makes up the majority of it and still does and isn't changing.
Michael Wood: Got it. Okay. And could you also just talk briefly about how you're running promotions in ceramics in terms of like how that would actually phase out once the inventory gets worked down? Thanks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, what we're doing in ceramic in some cases, we're running promotions with but I wont even call value engineered products to go after build your business that was where they were previously using LVT. So that's one product that we have offered. Were also have products aimed at getting the products that the Chinese product that will stop coming into the United States. So those are the two main areas.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Questions in ceramic, I think you said it was $18 million of higher input costs in the quarter, soon after that couple of quarters now specifically what product or what inputs are driving that up?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, in particular, in South America and in Europe, we had higher costs for energy, thats for one. And then also the material on a global marketplace in the different places around the world, there's inflation in energy and there's inflation in raw material still occurring in most of the markets.
Keith Hughes: And if we look back at 2018 ceramic you incurred about $100 million of higher inputs was at the same sort of things or was it different last year.
Chris Wellborn: Mainly the input cost is globally, like Jeff said, has been in energy, materials, labor, in several areas. One more on the material costs and ceramic in some cases, there's trucking costs that have also gone up to move the stuff to the plant, which has also impacted the material costs.
Keith Hughes: Okay. And I guess final question for Chris, you've been in this industry for a long time, its going to be two years of just tremendous input cost of inflation, have you ever seen anything like this before?
Chris Wellborn: Well, I think the thing that, as Jeff mentioned, one of the costs that really ramped up last year was the transportation cost. That was a significant cost increase and also the material cost. We had both of those.
Operator: Your next question comes from Truman Patterson with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Truman Patterson: Hi, good morning, everybody. First, just wanted to touch on your fourth quarter EPS guidance, backing into it, it looks like that implies your operating profit is going to decline about 20% year-over-year on much easier comps from the second quarter. So it seems to me that operations look like they're going to take another step back in the fourth quarter. Could you just maybe walk us through what the largest buckets of what's causing this in that, it also appears that I hear the improvement in LVT North America and making some capacity rationalization, but it seems like implied in that guidance that North America margins might even take a step back as well, in the fourth quarter, just hoping you can help me wrap my arms around this?
Glenn Landau: Yes, I mean, I think the message here and this is Glenn is essentially the fourth quarter has played out as we expected. The dynamics in the fourth quarter are the same as the dynamics in the third quarter. And the biggest is in ceramics in volume. And ultimately, that and the downtime we're taking against that volume to manage our inventories in the U.S. So those are the two key buckets that that, that build that guidance. There's really no more new issues. It's just a seasonally different quarter in different amount of days and from there fill in the blanks.
Truman Patterson: Okay, okay, got you. And thanks for that. Digging into North America a little bit more, they bumped up, margins bumped up 200 bps sequentially. If you look historically that was kind of in line to maybe a little bit below the normal improvement. If you look at a couple of years, it looks like margins are backsliding a little bit further. You're mentioning positives in the North America, carpet restructuring that should benefit 2020; you've got better LVT manufacturing. We've also been hearing in channel, Jeff, there's, still some excess inventory. There's some increased promotional activity to pass the rationalization, I'm really thinking when you roll all the puts and takes up, should we expect third quarter margins to really be the floor and we can ramp-up and improve through 2020 or do you expect, the pressures to kind of more than offset the positives in possibly a flat to down margins?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. I would think of this year is over. We're talking about 2020 right now. I think the fourth quarter is -- 
Truman Patterson: Right.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Transitional the dynamics are the same. It's the fourth quarter, but certainly as we've outlined, we're going to have a tailwind in the things we can control in Flooring North America, and LVT will turn profitable as Jeff said, we will get the benefits from restructuring and outside of economic conditions. There is a tailwind to improve margins from where they are today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Wojs with Baird. Your line is open.
Tim Wojs: Yes, hey everybody. Good morning. Just maybe shifting gears to the cash flow statement. I guess first any sense for what preliminarily cash CapEx might look like in 2020? And I guess secondarily how are you kind of thinking about just kind of using or kind of utilizing just some of the increased free cash flow that you should generate in the back half of this year and into 2020? Just wondering, you probably won't pay down debt, you've done a couple of acquisitions but is there an increased emphasis on potentially using some of that cash to buy back stock?
Glenn Landau: On the CapEx next year it will be less than depreciation. The biggest part of it's going to be spend on projects that have good pay backs and reducing our costs and each pieces with limited risk in them. And we think we have a number of those identified and able to do. On the stock buyback we are going to complete the stock purchases over time as we have said and we haven't made any plans to add to it, we will decide that in the future when we get there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Speer with Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Justin Speer: Hi, good morning guys. Thank you. Just wanted to take a look under the hood at Flooring Rest of the World in the Global Ceramic business, you've touched on quite a bit, but we have these softer international market conditions. Can you give us a sense for how you see profitability trending in those segments as we look into the fourth quarter, particularly into 2020 given what you're doing in terms of productivity, given what you see? Is the Flooring Rest of the World business has been pretty sound little weaker into the third quarter, but just give us a good sense for how you view that business casting into 2020?
Chris Wellborn: So when you look at Flooring Rest of the World, the European economy is slowing little. But each of those countries and markets are different and our businesses are performing well in each of them. Our investment in innovation, cost, and new businesses are enhancing our results and we're well-positioned in each of those categories. Laminate, LVT and sheet vinyl are performing the best. And our new operations are making progress. That would be on the Flooring Rest of World. And on the ceramic side, I think it's just like we talked about. So far Europe has been affected by slowing economy, particularly Italy, Germany, and there also the European ceramic business has been impacted by lower exports to other regions. Now in that context, we're managing our business well, commercial is doing better. And just like in the U.S., we're increasing our sales organization in new showrooms. And we're also selling more mid and low-end product to increase sales. So we're doing a lot but we think the economies will still be relatively weak.
Justin Speer: Okay. So that's it. In terms of line of sight in the inventory management you feel good about the direction, you feel good about some investments you are doing to kind of rev up growth, but I'm still trying to get a sense for how do you think that Flooring Rest of World margins and I know it's doing relatively well but in view of it, if trends remain soft as they are, do you think margins will be stable with where they're casting this year as we think about next year?
Chris Wellborn: You have also these new projects coming on you have LVT that the line is going to change from a drag to a positive. You have Russian sheet vinyl plant has come up and it's going to slip to a positive. You have the laminate businesses, which we put investments in a while that they're running well, and using the capacities and we have more capacity in Russia and it's doing okay. But there are drags from the economy. So you have the economy drags on one side and you have the various positive things we're doing on the other. We'll have to see how they all balance out.
Justin Speer: Excellent, excellent. And then lastly, kind of line of questioning on Flooring North America. I know -- we know you source LVT and we know you're bringing up your internal production, you're still sourcing quite a bit of LVT from what I understand, we have the tariffs in place, just thinking about the implication of a tariff on that source product on your North American margins this year and potentially in the next year. And in terms of that business, looking separately, after that at price mix, input costs and productivity what was that in the quarter? And what's expected going forward?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I will just make one comment on the tariffs. On the Flooring North America, it's not been nearly the issue that we had in ceramic. Ceramic the tariffs are 130% in North America; they were 25% some of which was discounted back. So I don't think the tariffs have been such a big impact.
Chris Wellborn: It's been an impact but not as great. You have the Chinese currency got weaker, and the suppliers absorbed the portion of it as you go through. And we're in the same position as the rest of the market. And there's also production moving, trying to move to other places to be made. So we're in the same boat as everybody else.
Justin Speer: Okay. And then just in terms of the price mix, input cost and productivity in Flooring North America, can you relate what they were in the quarter and what's expected going forward?
Glenn Landau: As I said earlier, price mix turned positive and productivity with factoring start-up costs also were positive. So yes, we have the volume challenges, but from a mix standpoint, was the biggest driver keeping the overall segment across the categories in a flat to positive mode of about $4 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mike Dahl: Thanks for taking my questions. First question is really focused on the European environment and one of your competitors earlier this week talked about how they were seeing excess Chinese LVT capacity and how that was starting to appear in Europe and causing disruption in Europe as that entered the market, can you comment to what extent you've seen LVT imports into Europe pick up and have an impact on your business?
Jeff Lorberbaum: LVT from China has increased as the market has increased. We believe we are positioned to compete against it. In Europe, we're manufacturing all of the product we're selling. And as our new line comes up and our costs come down, we think that we can offer retailers or buyers of the product competitive products with much shorter lead times and more flexibility and we think we can increase our position in the marketplace.
Mike Dahl: Okay, got it. My second question is two parts on ceramic, the first is just a little more color on the impairment on the Chinese asset post the anti-dumping ruling, can you just talk about how much you were importing through that business and whether or not there's a go-forward impact on how we should think about sales and margins in the ceramic segment, has that's been impaired and potentially redirected? And the second part is bigger picture around ceramic; I know you talked about the inventory levels, specifically to the Chinese ceramic. But, as you've had the anti-dumping go into effect, what have you seen in terms of import activity from other countries taking that place? And how do you stack up competitively compared to that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Okay. So firstly, the investment that we wrote off is something that we've had since 2010. It's a factory where we brought imported products, and that has slowly decreased over time, and that production can be brought into our U.S. factories. So that's the only story about the -- that investment. The Chinese inventories they spiked. As those tariffs were about ready to be implemented the last way, let's say a Chinese inventory was brought into the system, and that'll slowly work its way down. Now what will happen is that source of supply will get replaced by U.S. manufacturers will be part of it, but it'll also impact Brazil, Turkey, India, and right now, that's being made a little easier because the dollar is so strong. But we should benefit -- us and U.S. manufacturer should benefit from some of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Bouley with Barclays. Your line is open.
Matthew Bouley: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. You mentioned kind of seeing those signs of the residential market improving in the U.S. How should we think about how that might flow into your business timing wise? And if you could remind us, maybe which product categories obviously carpets, ceramic tile, et cetera on the homebuilder side where you might see kind of the greater benefits of an improving housing market in the U.S. Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I have always said in the last few months as you guys get the numbers we've seen an improvement in the housing sales and improving in the housing sales should benefit us. If you look at new homes sales, Flooring is the last thing that's put in before the house is complete. So if it takes nine to 12 months to build a house or 18 months, the Flooring is the last thing that's put in it. So different categories theyre all the different categories are used in a homes as you go through. We're seeing increases in all the different categories, I mean increases. The -- all the different hard surfaces are used in, carpets used in it, and so if it goes up, it should positively impact all of the pieces.
Matthew Bouley: Okay, understood. And then just back to LVT, in the U.S. again, I think you mentioned, Jeff, that you've got some visibility to reduce costs in Q1. And you kind of also mentioned hitting the targeted cost structure at some point next year. Can you just elaborate a little bit on that around the timeline to turning a profit in that plant and what type of margin you can actually do with the LVT in the U.S.? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think what we said is that next year, we think that well turn a profit in it, we haven't put it by the quarter. In addition as the piece -- as our manufacturing improves, it has to flow through the inventory. So the cost improvements show up about four months later in the cost sheets as you go through. What we expect, also the year for it to keep improving. And then even further beyond that, we would expect the cost structures to continue to improve incrementally. And then over time you change the mix in the business. To get the business to a line you have to sell it at whatever price as you need to get it into the marketplace quickly. And then over time you upgrade the mix which will take more than next year as we do it -- as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Lovallo with Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Lovallo: Hey guys, thank you for filling me in here. Can you just help us think about the magnitude and the sales and marketing investments that you're making to expand the placement of your products and should we expect this to kind of ramp sequentially as we head into 2020?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're putting in all the different businesses as you've heard we are putting more sales people on and we're trying to be more aggressive in the marketplaces as we go through. So there's a spike in it. We're going to continue to monitor it. And if we get the positive results we will continue spending at those levels. If we don't, we'll adjust the strategy and get it in line.
John Lovallo: Okay. And then maybe finally, what percentage of your ceramic offers today or -- would consider to be value oriented? And where do you think this percentage could go over the next year or two?
Chris Wellborn: We have price points -- we have price points up and down the spectrum in ceramic, and I wouldn't overemphasize these lower price points, where in selected situations where we have opportunities, were targeting it because we are underutilized in our assets. But overall, it's not a huge piece of our production.
Jeff Lorberbaum: But it will get bigger and it will impact the margins. And we're doing the same thing in Europe, is that we're being more aggressive as the industry slowdown. We participate more in lower value products. So it does impact the mix.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research. Your line is open.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi, thank you for taking my question today. On carpets in the U.S., you last year was somewhat flattish to down a little bit and the overall industry expectation was worse is behind and the industry context and we've been very surprised by taking such as a bigger lie down this year. Wanted to get your thoughts on that dynamic? And what realistically are your expectations looking beyond just the next couple of quarters but what could the mix be as we look two to three years down the road?
Jeff Lorberbaum: If you look at the Flooring market in the United States, historically, it's grown greater than GDP over through the cycle. And I don't know what would have changed it the Flooring would not grow slightly more than GDP over time.
Kathryn Thompson: I was talking about carpet, carpet has not been growing as fast, I'm talking about a specific category, not overall Flooring. So we're talking about a secular change so --
Jeff Lorberbaum: Carpet has been decreasing, and we don't see it changing at the moment. What we believe is that the LVT at some point is going to plateau out. We believe that is probably slowing somewhat at this point from where it was, and it will plateau and then things will go back to some sort of growth rated for leveled over the piece but it's not going to stop tomorrow.
Kathryn Thompson: Yes. So just once again just to follow-up and see if I can clarify, carpet is taking a bigger step down this year, while the LVT has been growing at a pretty steady rate. What do you think the percentage reasonably carpet should be two to three years down the line as we look at this broad mix?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't have a number to give you. You can make up one as well, I don't have a number.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. On transportation, obviously the spend just shortage of drivers and its been thorn in the side for so many industries in construction. What are you -- and in manufacturing? What are you doing to ensure the ability to keep drivers and to get some stability and that labor force in the long-term cost for that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have done a few things. One is that we have increased our internal trucking fleet in order to move a greater percentage of our products. We think that we offer, we've been able to staff our positions because of the consistency of the routes and the ability for people to make money. So we've done better than the market in general to support our own trucking fleets. And with that we've taken a larger percentage of it that its been going in the open market as the costs have increased.
Operator: That's all the time that we have for questions. I will turn the call back to Mr. Lorberbaum for any closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So I appreciate everybody joining us. We have a lot of actions we're taking to improve the business and our results. We think we have a lot of opportunities as we look going forward, and we appreciate you being on the call with us. Have a good weekend.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kelly, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today Friday, July 26, 2019. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Ken Huelskamp. You may begin your conference.
Ken Huelskamp: Thank you. Good morning everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today, we'll update you on the company's results for the second quarter of 2019 and provide guidance for the third quarter. I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined by Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties including but not limited to those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussions of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP amount, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor section of our Web site. The key speakers today are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Wellborn, Chief Operating Officer and Glenn Landau, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Jeff for his opening remarks. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Ken. In the second quarter, our business delivered results at the high end of our guidance. Our sales were $2.6 billion up slightly as reported and up 2.4% on a constant basis. Our adjusted operating income was $277 million or 10.7% of sales. The U.S. dollar strength when compared to the prior year reducing our translated results for the quarter by approximately $9 million, most markets we operate and remain soft and with pressure; with pressure on volume and pricing. We anticipate the environment to remain difficult. In the U.S. housing sales remain below last year's level impacting flooring demand in our largest market. LVT continued to grow significantly affecting our other product categories. Many of our other geographic markets soften with their economies reducing flooring sales and increasing pricing pressure from excess capacity. In Europe, political and Brexit concerns slowed the economic growth, Australia was further impacted by a housing bubble. The Russian economy has softened and Brazil has slowed to political uncertainties. The Mexican ceramic industry is growing despite a slowing local economy. Given these uncertainties, we are taking actions to improve our business. We are streamlining our operations, consolidating facility and taking out higher cost assets. We are reducing production to control inventory level introducing new product categories and increasing promotions to address change in markets. We are reducing overhead structures and controlling investments. We benefited in the period from lower material cost offset by labor and energy cost that continue to arrive. To recover inflation, we implemented many price increases in the first half of the year, though much of the benefit has been offset by mix and competitive pressures. We are improving our administrative cost, while investing in sales support, new products and entering new geographies. Our LVT manufacturing has improved significantly with increased speed, efficiencies and yield in both rigid and flexible products. As our LVT processes improve, we are initiating trials on new features to enhance our differentiation. We will implement additional process enhancement this year as we further improve our output. While managing these challenges, we are enhancing the long-term value of the business. The utilization of our new investments in U.S., Europe and Russia is increasing as we broaden our product offering, expand our customer base and had shift to increase production. The critical integration of our acquisitions in Australia, New Zealand and Brazil as largely been executed. Our management teams there are focused on improving our market position, offerings, and cost structure. In each acquisition, we are progressing with new investments to enhance our capability and introduce new products. These acquisitions are contributing to our results as we build a foundation for growth and margin expansions. The margins of our greenfield projects will increase over time as our sales, production and mix improve and cost decline. For the specifics on the period, I will turn the call over to Chris Wellborn.
Chris Wellborn: Thank you, Jeff. For the quarter, our global ceramic segment sales increased about 3% as reported and were up about 5% on a constant days and exchange rate. And the segment suggested operating margin was 12.4%, headwinds from slower markets and competitive pricing impacted the results at most of our businesses. The U.S. ceramic market has declined this year due to lower home sales, the continued growth at LVT and customers trading down. Prior to the increase in Chinese ceramic tariffs a significant amount of inventory was imported, increasing pressure on the industry. We believe our ceramic sales are in line with the U.S. market with commercial outperforming residential. Increased competition and excess inventory have impacted both our pricing and mix. The government investigation of Chinese ceramic dumping has progressed and appears likely to be implemented. If approved, the present tariffs would go up significantly and remain in place for many years. In the retail market, a greater focus on LVT is impacting ceramic and customer inventories are being lined with present sales levels. In the market, we're also seeing a greater emphasis on selling lower quality product to stimulate ceramic volume. Due to these conditions, we expect the U.S. ceramic market to remain soft in the second half of the year and we're taking any actions to improve our sales and cost. We are launching new collections to compete with premium porcelain being imported. We're adding salespeople in key markets and increasing our activity in the commercial channels. We are initiating promotions to increase volume and we're introducing products at lower price points to align with the market. To complement our ceramic offering, we've introduced Dovetail branded LVT in commercial channels to increase our participation in the category. We are installing equipment for our new ceramic installation system which we have been testing for the past couple of years. This new product will significantly reduce the time and cost of ceramic installation. We're also implementing new technology to make it faster and easier for our customers to order and pick up at our local service centers. We're managing our overhead expenses SG&A and capital spending. We are currently reducing production to manage our inventory levels while the industry stabilizes. We are pioneering two new products to expand our U.S. porcelain business. Earlier this year, we introduced porcelain roofing tile as an alternative to slate, clay and concrete roofing providing similar visuals at a lower total cost. Following a successful launch in Europe, we're also introducing very thick porcelain tiles for outdoor applications as an alternative to natural stone. Our new course countertop plant in Tennessee is ramping up and we're adding a third shift as we increased our throughput in yields. We have begun manufacturing more stylized products that will improve our sales and mix. The production will increase in [June] [ph] next year when we anticipate operating the plant near capacity. Our countertops are about 30% larger than the industry improving conversion and material costs for our customers. Dumping duties of 300% have been implemented on Chinese sports products, enhancing the value of our manufacturing plant. In Mexico, the ceramic industry grew despite the slowing economy. We're expanding our distribution introducing new porcelain collections and supporting stores that only sell Dovetail products. We've expanded our participation in commercial with more specified and distinctive new products. The pricing actions we have taken are recovering inflation. In Brazil, our Eliane business is performing well due to our leading brand, premium products and efficient operations. In a difficult ceramic market, our strong presence in retail, home centers and the builder channel is enabling us to grow partially offset by software exports. We have increased prices, improved mix and leveraged our SG&A to enhance our results. We are expanding our premium collection, increasing store selling only our tile products and updating showrooms across South America to increase exports. To support our growth, we have restarted idle capacity and are installing a new production line we should be operating in the first of the year. The European ceramic industry has slowed with the economy, political uncertainty and lower exports to global markets. Commercial channels are performing better than residential. In this environment, we are growing ourselves, but it has impacted our mix and margins. To expand further, we have reorganized our European sales organization to focus on smaller geographic areas and specific channels. We now have six sales teams focused on the different channels of high-end retail, value products, commercial, distributors landscape and kitchen and bath. We are using private label programs to further optimize our market penetration. We're also introducing easy installation ceramics technology starting with light commercial and outdoor channel. To improve our manufacturing efficiencies actions to reduce manufacturing and SG&A costs are being completed. Additionally, we are implementing initiatives that are lowering our cost of decorating materials maintenance and energy. To enhance our service, we have begun warehousing volume products closer to our customer. The Russian ceramic market was weaker in the first half and is expected to improve the rest of the year. Despite these conditions, our business continued to have strong growth with our premium products improving our mix. We've expanded our brand advertising and have increased our company-owned stores. The new capacity we recently installed is being fully utilized to support our higher sales. During the quarter, our flooring North America segment sales decreased 7%; the segment's operating margin was 6% as reported and on an adjusted basis. The North American flooring market remains challenging with U.S. housing sales below last year and LVT taking share from other products. From the prior quarter, our margins improved due to seasonal volume increases and lower material cost partially offset by other inflation and a decline in mix. Relative to last year, sales were softer in most categories as customers traded down and price increases were offset by a decline in product mix. We underperformed in residential carpet with commercial carpet performing well. Our LVT manufacturing substantially improved its both speed and yields increased. Paul De Cock, the segment President has completed his management reorganization and the new team is in place and making improvements throughout the business. His division Presidents have realigned the functions to enhance the strategic strategies and execution. We've made significant progress on our cost improvement actions including replacing inefficient extrusion and closing for higher cost operations. When completed, the cash cost of these actions will be recovered in about a year after flowing through the inventory. Residential carpet sales have declined and lower cost polyester carpet is taking share and impacting our mix. We are increasing our promotional activity and we have introduced new products to defend our market position. We've expanded our recycling operations, so we can provide more sustainable options to the customer. With this, we've expanded our polyester carpets with multicolored visuals at lower price points. To enhance our retailer performance, we are expanding our edge incentive program and our Internet lead generator that drives demand to the stores. A commercial carpet tile business continues to grow and as we introduce innovative styling as well as new pattern technologies. We have expanded both our premium offering for the specified market and value alternatives made of polyester. We have increased our capacity to satisfy our growing carpet tile demand and we have reduced our cost structure by initiating production of some of our materials. We've expanded our definity offering which is increasingly being used as an alternative to more expensive woven products. Our waterproof laminate products with enhanced visuals and textures are improving our mix and average selling price. Our premium Redwood collection is increasingly being used as an alternative to wood and rigid LVT in both new construction and remodeling due to its superior visuals, scratch resistance and waterproof feature. We are upgrading our HDF manufacturing to increase our capacity and reduce our cost. We have consolidated multiple warehouses with our manufacturing and we are further increasing our process automation. We're making substantial progress with their LVT team manufacturing with output increasing more than 30% in the period. As we proceed through the year, we anticipate further improvement in production and cost. as well as introducing new features that are being developed in Europe. Our rigid LVT is growing significantly in the market and our flexible LVT is the preferred choice, noise reduction is a priority. Our new Pergo and screen selection has been widely distributed in the market as a premium option with higher consumer brand recognition and superior performance. We will further expand our sales in LVT as we introduce new visuals and features from our operations. Sales from our manufactured cheap vinyl are growing as we introduce innovative products with unique features and our margins are improving. For the quarter, our flooring rest of world segment sales were up 9% as reported and 15% on a constant basis. Our adjusted operating margin was 16.7% up 11% on a constant basis. Even with sourcing economies, the segments performing well due to our investments in product innovation, cost improvements, and new businesses including European LVT and carpet tile and Russian cheap vinyl. Our European laminate business is growing due to our unique Surface Technologies and water resistance in our premium Quickstep and Pergo brands. Our distribution acquisitions in Europe have improved their service and broadened our customer base. This fall we will introduce the next generation of advanced surface visuals to further differentiate our design. The sophisticated wood realism, we achieved using our proprietary technology cannot be matched by other floors. Our Russian laminate expansion is operating well and we're increasing our sales and distribution to fill the plant. During the second quarter, we opened eight flagship laminate stores in Russia to bring attention to our premium laminate collections. Our two original European LVT lines are performing well and are providing us with competitive advantages. Our new third line dramatically improved during the period with production speeds efficiency and yields increasing substantially. Presently the new LVT line is running flexible, faster and producing rigid almost as fast as the old lines. Further changes this fall will make our manufacturing more competitive and improve our margins. We are expanding our products and distribution to utilize the increased capacity. We will be adding new features to our production this year to increase the value of our products. Our new sheet battle plan in Russia is ramping up with productivity and quality similar to our established operations. We're expanding our customer base and product offering to achieve our expected results. Now that the Russian plant is operating, we have additional capacity in Europe to increase our product line and broaden our distribution. The European panel market has slowed resulting in volume and price pressures. We are introducing innovative products that will provide higher margins and strengthen our position. To reduce our cost, we are expanding our glue production and we are building a second waste to energy plan which will also support our environmental goals. Our installation business continues to perform well as the industry expands and our volume grows. Material availability and costs have returned to normal after last year's industry shortage. With greater installation value our polyurethane product is taking share from our other alternatives and growing our volume. The economies and housing sales in Australia and New Zealand have slowed putting pressure on the flooring markets. To enhance our position, we are launching many new soft and hard surface products that utilize concepts from other geographies. We have significant opportunities to grow our hard surface business by leveraging [indiscernible] brand recognition and the distribution network. We are installing new carpet tile equipment to expand our commercial sales. We have closed high cost arm production in Australia and are presently supplying materials from the U.S. and other parts of the world. I'll turn the call over to Glenn, who will review our second quarter financial performance.
Glenn Landau: Thank you, Chris and good morning everyone. Moving right into our financial performance and year-over-year bridges, second quarter net sales were $2.6 billion up 0.3% as reported or up 2.4% on a constant basis adjusted for FX and days compared to prior year. Organic growth in legacy businesses on a constant basis was down 2.9% in the second quarter bringing our year-to-date growth down 1% on a constant basis versus the first half of 2018. In terms of earnings, the company's adjusted operating income as Jeff already shared was $277 million in the second quarter or 10.7% of sales up seasonally from the first quarter by 220 basis points with an improvement in our year-over-year decline in margins by over 100 basis points both as we expected. Bridging from the prior year second quarter, adjusted operating earnings were impacted by the lower price mix of $30 million weaker volume of $8 million and a net increase in inflation of about $10 million helped by low raw materials. Additionally, temporary production curtailments to match our supply with our customer demand cost $3 million and productivity less reduced startup costs was down to $2 million negative. FX translation impact was favorable approximately $9 million. SG&A per net sales was 18.1% excluding unusual items down 60 basis points from the first quarter and up 120 basis points year-over-year due to investments in selling and marketing to drive sales including roll out of initiatives from new startups. Special items in the quarter were $10 million for continued restructuring and integration costs of which most were cash. In the second half, we anticipate additional charges of approximately $42 million associated with ongoing restructuring efforts as well as remaining acquisition integrated expenses -- integration expenses. Bringing full year unusual and non-repeating costs counter for special items to approximately $94 million of this total restructuring represents $72 million primarily in flooring North America and rest of world. To consolidate operations closed plants and reduced the workforce. The balance is related to acquisition integration. The cash component for this restructuring is about $28 million which should be recovered in about a year as lower costs work through inventory. Adjusted EBITDA was $420 million or 16.3%, interest expense of $11 million is up from $8 million last year, the 3 million delta is due to new debt from acquisitions and an increasing commercial paper rates. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 22% and is expected to move into a range of 18% to 20% in the third quarter moving full year guidance down to 20% to 22%. Finally, adjusted net earnings per share was $2.89 in the quarter down from $3.51 or 18% from last year. Turning now to the segments, global ceramic delivered sales of 958 million an increase of 3.1% as reported versus last year or up 5.3% on a constant basis. Year-to-date legacy sales are flat on a constant basis. Operating income on an adjusted basis was $119 million or 12.4% of net sales down from a 15.1 margin last year. This is primarily due to weaker demand complicated by temporarily higher industry inventories associated with pre buying ahead of tariffs. Compared to last year, inflation was 20 million higher, softer volume and market related downtime was a headwind of $8 million and costs for product development, sales personnel and marketing were up $3 million, all partially offset by improving productivity and lower startup costs of 16 million. FX translation was unfavorable by about $4 million in the quarter. In flooring North America segment, sales were $983 million in the quarter down 7% year-over-year on an as reported basis driving year date sales down 4% on a constant basis compared to the first half of last year. Adjusted operating income improved versus the first quarter to $63 million or 6.4% of net sales but was down $47 million year-over-year volume adjusted for lower shut down costs accounted for 21 million of the downside and productivity less reduced startup costs was a further 18 million. Price mix slipped approximately 6 million and inflation cost us about 3 million. Now moving to flooring, rest of the world, the segment performed well, with sales $643 million up year-over-year by 9% as reported are up 14.7% on a constant basis all supported by underlying legacy sales growth of 2.5% year-to-date on a constant basis. Adjusted operating income came in at 107 million or 16.7% of sales in the quarter with income up sequentially and compared to last year. As relief on overall inflation of 16 million driven by lower input costs and improved volume and lower shutdown costs totaling approximately $70 million supported by acquisitions and strong LVT laminate and installation performance in Europe were only partially offset by lower price mix of 21 million and productivity less reduced startup costs of just a million FX translation was unfavorable by 6 million. Finally, corporate expenses and eliminations drove an operating loss of $12 million with the full year estimate holding in a range of $35 million to $40 million. Now speaking to the balance sheet, receivables ended the quarter at 1.8 billion with day sales outstanding up due to changes in geographic and channel mix. Inventories ended the quarter approximately 2.4 billion or 126 days basically flat versus prior quarter and higher year-over-year by 306 million due to ramp up of new investments, acquisitions and increased source products. Fixed assets for the quarter held at 4.7 billion compared to the prior quarter on capital expenditures of 144 million in the period or roughly depreciation in line with plan. Guidance for the full year continues to be CapEx spending with a range of $550 million to $580 million, again, roughly in line with depreciation of 570 million. Total debt was 3.1 billion at the end of the quarter down 200 million since exiting the first quarter with leverage declining to 1.8x debt-to-adjusted EBITDA. Wrapping up now, the balance sheet is strong, with free cash flow of $252 million year-to-date an improvement of $60 million over prior year this reinforcing our expectation of a solid year in cash with generation at or above $700 million. And with that, Jeff. I'll turn it back over you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Glenn. The general conditions in our flooring markets around the world have become more challenging and competition more intense. We're taking actions to improve sales, reduce our costs, manage our inventory and adjust our offerings. The U.S. flooring market is the most difficult and we're taking actions to increase our volume and reduce our costs. In the U.S. ceramic lower demand and purchases ahead of tariffs, have created excess inventory in a market which is impacting sales and margins. Our LVT production has increased substantially in the U.S. and Europe and will continue to improve throughout the year as we introduce more sophisticated technology. Our flooring rest of the world segment is delivering solid results despite softening markets. Our new plants in the U.S., Europe and Russia have made substantial progress increasing output and we're increasing our sales to achieve our planned results over time. Taking all this into account, our EPS guidance for the third quarter is $2.68 per share excluding any onetime charges. As we manage through the current conditions, impacting the flooring sector, we're focused on optimizing the long-term growth of our business. We are implementing numerous changes that will enhance our future results. We have leading positions in our products and markets and our new investments will provide solid returns when further developed. Our balance sheet and cash flow are strong with our net debt to adjusted EBITDA 1.8x which will further decrease by the end of the year. We will now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tim Wojs from Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tim Wojs: I think, I was on mute. Good morning everybody.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Hi, Tim.
Tim Wojs: Hey. So I guess maybe just -- maybe first on just the inventory, I guess when we think about how you're managing production, what type of growth rate for the industry are you kind of assuming around that I guess, if we look into 2020 and theoretically if the industry was down, I guess how much would production need to be reduced to kind of right-size the inventory to get to that level? I mean would it have to go into Q4 and Q1 at this -- under that kind of theoretical situation?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You just have to take the turns in the inventory times whatever the volume is going to be and that's the change in the inventory. I will have to guess or whatever, you'd have to guess or whatever you've wanted to be -- expected to be.
Tim Wojs: Is there any -- I guess any sense of kind of how you guys are thinking about it over the next couple of quarters?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So we're going to see how the world develops over the next six months and we'll have a better view of it.
Tim Wojs: Okay. And then, I guess just maybe on LVT, how do you feel about the productivity of the European facility today? Is it covering the overhead cost of the new line? Is it covering the overhead costs yet, or is it still modestly negative?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We've made dramatic progress in the last quarter stabilizing the LVT lines increasing speeds in yield. In Europe, the market today is still primarily flexible LVT, with rigid gaining acceptance just at the beginning of it. The new line is presently running flexible LVT at higher rates and it's running rigid almost as fast as the older production lines. With further changes this year, with its improved fee, yields and costs that will make our manufacturing more competitive improve our margins. Just as a note, the products floor performance is the best in the marketplace. And this fall, we'll be adding new features to increase it. Relating to the U.S., in the U.S. our production increased 30% over the prior period. The line is about three months behind the European line in its progress and they're collaborating really well with people going back and forth almost weekly to keep them in the sync. In both markets we're focused on expanding sales and product offering and adding new features. We continue to improve our sales mix, but just it takes time because when the production moves up it takes time to align the market with the changes in the production it doesn't happen overnight.
Tim Wojs: Okay. Is there any sense of or timeline in terms of when you think the European facility can become beyond break even?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's moving towards that now as we have to keep making changes. We expect next year for the thing to turn and then the profits will take time. I don't know how fast we can align the sales with the mix to get it optimized. It may happen in the latter of next year or may take longer to get fully optimized.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Hi, Steve.
Stephen Kim: Hey. Thanks very much guys. I wanted to ask you about some of the word wording you used in your press release and also on today's call relative to what it was in late April when we last spoke with you in this forum. In April you said that floor North America business had improved entering the second quarter supported by an improving housing environment. And then, today, we seeing that residential carpet sales are down and you said you are going to increase promotions and you intended to -- I think you said defend your market position. It's kind of a big change in tone and it made me wonder, have you lost some customer accounts or something flooring North America? Can you talk about what happened in that segment in the last two months of the quarter? And how long it's going to take to reverse this trend?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Coming out of the first quarter, we thought we were seeing trends that were going to improve and we thought that the mortgage rate decline would have improved housing. And here we are three months later and the housing market still remains slow. And competition has increased. The LTV is still impacting all the other categories and putting pressure on them. With it you have a decline in industry units in both and almost all the other categories, but we do as you go through. And then in the residential carpet business, we underperformed the market that we did, but we changed leadership to address it. The new team is in place. They've made dramatic improvements throughout the business. But, at the same time, the mix has declined. We're increasing more promotional activities along with the marketplace. We're expanding our polyester offering as it grows in the marketplace and we're taking actions to improve our results by increasing -- by reducing the headcount replacing high cost assets. We've closed inefficient plants and will continue to take more actions through the fall.
Stephen Kim: Okay. That's helpful. Yes. Through the fall. Okay. And then, I wanted to talk about the inventory, in particular you use a phrase in your 10-Q temporarily reducing production. I think in 1Q, it was 7 million mostly in ceramic. I was wondering Glenn, could we get a sense of what that number was that that temporarily reducing production that sort of right-size inventory levels. What was that in the second quarter and where do you think it's going to peak this, where and when do you think it's going to peak out this year?
Glenn Landau: Yes. That's a good question. So, we rebalanced in the first quarter, our inventories. We came out of the first quarter with inventories where we wanted them. We took a very modest amount of downtime about $3 million or so in the second quarter. But looking forward that uncertainty relative to the big buildup in inventory in ceramic not inventory at Mohawk, but inventory in the industry that is peeling away some of our sales, we will have a more meaningful downtime expense in the third quarter and that's dialed into our outlook.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Steve, I'll just comment. The industry units are off in ceramic due to lower housing and LVT. There's excess inventory in the market now that was purchased ahead of these tariffs and that's complicating the conditions and estimates. Also you've got a strong dollar right now has increased pressure on pricing. In the fall, we have this Chinese anti-dumping duties that are likely and we expect the market to stabilize as the inventory rebalances.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh from Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Hey, John.
John Baugh: Thank you and good morning. I wanted to talk a little bit about carpet and I think you mentioned you underperformed the residential market. Number one, any kind of specificity around that and we keep hearing about mix of erosion in carpets. Of course, we've seen the move to polyester for some time, but I guess you're seeing within polyester mixed, and so I guess I'm wondering specifically are you going to be going to this like phase two cost reduction, how do we get EBIT dollars particularly the carpet area to improve?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. We did under perform the market, which is the reason that we made the changes in the leadership a while back. The new team has put a lot of things in place. We've realigned the organization by product category. We've increased our operational performance, our product and pricing management is better as well as our customer focus. There have been many changes that have already improved, the cost, quality and service. And I'm confident we're addressing the right issues. The mix, the customers are trading down from higher quality to lower quality, which is typical to when you raise prices they do tend to trade down to try to maintain the price points. And then trying to increase volume, everybody tends to sell price, there is more attention to selling price in the marketplace. And the higher differentiated products, we have higher margins, so as you trade down the margins compress in addition. Not sure I answered all the questions, you have still one.
John Baugh: Well, any sense, Jeff, as a follow up where kind of volumes for the trade or residential in carpet and kind of where you came out. And then also I believe laminate the other big piece of the North American segment revenue I assume volumes were down there although you alluded to mix being a little better there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The carpet industry was down. I think about 6% in units and we underperformed in the residential and we performed well in the commercial business. In the laminate business, what you see is lower end laminates declining and premium laminates actually growing both in the U.S. and in Europe. We're the leader in premium laminate with a very limited low-end business where we have superior visuals, the waterproof technology, we're ahead of the marketplace, scratch resistance, we are all making those grow as alternatives to both wood and LVT in certain markets. And we're seeing it being used in more markets both in the U.S. and in Europe.
John Baugh: Great. Thanks for that and good luck.
Ken Huelskamp: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ken Huelskamp: Hi, Matt.
Matthew Bouley: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to ask about the promotional activity that you mentioned in both floor in North America and ceramic. You just help us understand exactly what you're doing there? Should we anticipate that, I guess price mix would decline further from what we just saw in Q2? And how long do you think these promotions will last? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: With the industry volumes under pressure, this excess inventory and excess capacity in the marketplace and as you would expect people try to promote more volume and we too those are putting pressure on it and the pricing is all embedded in our third quarter estimate that we gave.
Matthew Bouley: Okay. Understood. Thank you. And then, just secondly, on LVT, in the U.S. specifically as you've increased the production at the new facility and you just rolled out some of the Pergo branded LVT. What's your sense so far of the customer response to Mohawks LVT products relative to the competitive LVT products out there? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Products actually have better floor performance than the alternatives that are similar to them. But the difference performance features and we just have to keep expanding the alternatives and options in the marketplace to catch up with the production moves that we've already made.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Ng: Good morning. Just first on a clarification question. Glenn, I think you called out a [70 million] [ph] cash flow number is that free cash flow or operating cash flow for '19 and appreciating...
Glenn Landau: That is free cash flow. So after our CapEx spending.
Phil Ng: Okay, great. And increasing your spacings on headwinds in the near-term. Is there a good way to anchor us to a free cash flow number for 2020? And when you expect to work through some of these issues, you're seeing, when you kind of expect an inflection on a year-over-year basis for EBITDA, could we expect that to turn maybe early 2020?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. We've gone over with this trailing review, the conditions and what's going on in the businesses and the changes in different geographies. And we're taking all these actions to improve the pieces but the market is in really hard to anticipate how all this is going to level out both with volume and margins. So, we're not giving out future estimates beyond where we are.
Phil Ng: Got it. Okay. That's right. And just given some of the excess inventory, you called out in the channel for ceramics and those increased competition outside of the inventory drawdown, that's going to weigh on profitability in the back half of the year. Do you expect demand and pricing trends to kind of worsen from what we've seen in 2Q or is it kind of more of the same?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's going to be difficult in the near term until the inventory gets all managed out. There's a high likelihood of these duties from China. China makes up about in 2018 over 30% of the imported products that are coming in. And if these duties get put on there's going to be a reshuffling that go dramatically around the industry and some of it's already started. So, we'll have to see how that plays out.
Glenn Landau: And I'd just add, as that inventory gets rebalanced which it will. We're doing a lot to enter new ceramic markets with this new installation method, roofing, outdoor products. We're also increasing sales, managing cost and matching our production with demand. So, we'll be in a good shape when it does.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Justin Speer from Zelman & Associates. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Justin Speer: Morning. Thanks guys. Appreciate it. The implied third quarter guidance, I know there's a lot of moving parts in terms of the inventory situation, but just wanted to get a little characterization around roughly 200 plus basis points of margin pressure implied in that guidance, I assume but just help us understand or rank order, some of the primary pressure points and maybe some of the potential offsets, particularly, we have our eyes on what oil prices are doing and a lot of your peers building products [brethren] [ph], it's not flooring, but building products that are benefiting from those dynamics. Would expect you to get some offsets there to transportation costs a little bit better. So just trying to get a sense for phasing of this guidance, the pushes and the pulls as you think about the next quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We've gone through the third quarter with the excess inventories and the pressures in all the economy. As you look out further, we don't see anything that's going to change the softening markets in most of the places and the difficulties unless we get a surprise in the U.S. with housing and the economy, which could help. In the third quarter, we built in lower volume and margins relative to these pieces as well as increased competition and reduced production. And we have a lot of actions going on, the actions to take out costs. It takes up over a quarter to flow through before they show up. So, there'll be some benefit show up in the fourth quarter, and then after that next year you'll see most of the benefit of the different actions we've taken. Just to remind you the fourth quarter margins last year were significantly depressed, so it makes the comparison easier this year.
Glenn Landau: I will just add to that. You're starting to see in ceramic, you're starting to see these imports come down, but it's going to take a while to do that. And we've temporarily reducing production while that's happening until we get a view of it. Once that -- we're also doing -- that's coming down we're doing a lot of things to take advantage of it when it finally turns.
Justin Speer: So, couple of follow up questions, just in terms of that 28 million cut cash cost, the one-year payback, should we view that is largely North America. Should we think about that? I guess the return of that on the other side of the payback from that, shall we think about that as a productivity good guys next year. Should we model that as a positive productivity next year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Consolidating warehouses, in Europe, we are optimizing headcount in the ceramic business and we are reducing wood capacity both in the U.S. and Europe or the actions, the restructuring costs, again, the restructuring savings, first you have to complete them. Then it has to flow through inventory, so the timing in it depends on it, some of them are already complete, some of them are just beginning and some of them haven't started yet. 
Justin Speer: I don't know, if I cut out, but I don't think I heard the answer, is that -- so the payback from these productivity issues or productivity initiatives, should we think about that as being a positive next year in terms of the way we think about the model?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. They should be next year. The point is that some of the stuff that doesn't get completed till the fourth quarter, you won't get the benefit till the second quarter next year. So some of it you won't get the full benefit for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Hey, Mike.
Mike Dahl: Hi. How are you? Thanks for taking my questions. My first question, I guess Jeff, just going back to your last comment or one of your last comments about just nothing that you can see that would necessarily change the softness in the markets, and obviously, it's been pretty dynamic in terms of the environment. But it seems fair from the outside not clear now at this point in the cycle what would change kind of the growth in some of these mix issues. So the question is, really when you think about these restructuring actions you've taken, is this sufficient, or is this kind of you're following the market a bit over the next couple of quarters, you'll take a little action right now, you'll reassess 2020? Or is this kind of, is this a hard enough reset to your tier capacity and your cost base to position you now for the next year or a couple of years?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, we're reacting on what we see for the near-term if the industry gets worse, the economies change. We'll have to re-evaluate what we're doing and enjoy. I mean one event that we know we're going to have in the ceramic is that these excess inventories will eventually adjust themselves with the imports coming down. And then, you have the Chinese tariffs kicking in. Those are things that we have in front of us that should improve it.
Mike Dahl: Got it. Okay. And my second question is on LVT, there's clearly been a shift, first from flexible to rigid and now within rigid there's a lot of different innovations in design around the product itself and the core? Can you talk a little bit more about what you're seeing in terms of the -- some of the shifts which products are taking share within rigid? And when you talk about the differentiation that you're hoping to achieve with your line, can you just help us understand what is different about your product?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So, you have to start out with -- some of the different products are different materials and different pieces that don't change the product at all. People just use different formulations of different pieces. And so that's just alternatives which don't change anything different ones to. Second, there are some niche things coming in that have yet to evolve with different cores that may or may not do something or may not, it's too early to tell and most of them. The production that we have -- we can make all of the stuff that's selling at high volumes today and compete with them with the equipment that we have. And then, in the U.S., Our plan is to continue sourcing significant amounts and if there's some niche products or other pieces we need as well as the same things we can -- resourcing those too, so we don't see any limitations in what we can do. On the differentiation you try to continue to bring either visual performance enhancements, surface textures, different ways of stalling the product. So you try to keep creating incremental improvements about those things as well as performance on how they scratch, how they [indiscernible] and how it's going to improve the long-term ease of clean and care? And so all the different things we're doing are around all those different premises.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ken Huelskamp: Hi, Keith.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. A question for Chris in ceramics. Given the levels of inventory you're discussing in the call, is this something you think the market can work off by the end of this year or will this spill into 2020?
Chris Wellborn: I don't know exactly how long it's going to take to work it off. What we are seeing is that the imports are coming down now and any -- I think buying for Chinese product. There's not too much longer of a period left before they have the potential to get hit with the higher tariffs in September. But how quickly that gets worked off, I don't know, it'll take some time though.
Keith Hughes: Given this Chinese, I assume this has come at the low-end of the market, is that correct?
Chris Wellborn: No Chinese comes in at all levels of the market. High, low, metal all level and it's about 30% of the imports. So it's a substantial amount of the imports.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ken Huelskamp: Hi, Eric.
Eric Bosshard: Good morning. A question and a follow-up. The U.S. flooring market growth, obviously, a lot of pieces of it, but I'm curious what you think the total U.S. flooring market growth looks like in 2019 and what that number would have been in 2018?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I assume you've seen the data that somebody published, the data is, it's all impacted by they are counting the inflow of units into the United States from imports. So what happens is, every product category that's been imported there was a huge amount of inventory brought in. So, all the numbers that are published in their methodology they're not measuring sales. They're measuring inventory change in the system as well as sales. So, the numbers lead you to different things and it is -- it's all got to come back through and flatten out. My estimate is still that maybe there was about 3% to 4% growth last year and we're expecting it to be probably something less this year.
Eric Bosshard: Less meaning slightly less than the 3% to 4%?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. But most of them being taken up by LVT, all of it.
Eric Bosshard: So, I guess within that -- step up with that, I have a second question. Is the change that is driving the different performance in your profitability in the U.S., it seems like the demand isn't that different, it's more of the LVT impact and competition across the businesses, or am I missing or is it really that the demand -- the underlying demand is meaningfully different, which is it?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, we talked about the carpet industry units being down year-to-date about 6%. The ceramic numbers are down. So, all the pieces are down. Then you have inventories that have to be adjusted through the stream, which compress it further and then you have the competitive action of everybody trying to utilize their assets and inventories. So, the margins get compressed. And all those pieces and it's all adjusted.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. That's helpful. And then, the second question you talked about Europe LVT, which was helpful to have you frame once you get the production and then you have to take it to market and it takes time to work through that. And I know you're trying to align the U.S. with Europe. It sounds like by the end of 2020, you think you have Europe optimized, in terms of production and how it goes to market. Does the U.S. operate on a similar cycle? I know expectations have been resolved in the U.S. manufacturing. It's happening sooner, but what should we be in terms of thinking how quickly the U.S. is set and then aligned with taking the product to market? How should we think about that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think it'll probably be about 3 months behind, because it could be four, could be more or less, behind. But then, the optimization is, even we get to some point, we'll continue to look at how we take cost out, how to speed up further, how to optimize the mix and margins. And the same thing you typically start out filling up the plant, commodities tend to move faster and bigger [indiscernible] end up starting-off selling more commodities and over time you move the mix up into credit quality alignment as you get through. And then, its features and benefits that you keep adding to it allows you to get a greater margin on versus then you are less differentiated. All that takes time to happen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Lovallo: Hi guys. Thank you for taking my question. First question is, do you think the competitive environment has changed to such a degree that you're given new entrants and so forth that industry profitability is just structurally different at this point than it was over the past few years?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's hard to answer that question, a broad stroke we are in. All kinds of countries, markets, product categories. So, I mean every one of them is different.
John Lovallo: Yes. Speaking about the U.S. specifically [indiscernible]?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So, the U.S., what you have is, LVT taking a huge part of the growth. You have what's left is left and then the negative units you have the highest, the strong, the dollar is the strongest it's been in, I don't know, huge time. So, that the imports are coming in at lower prices compressing the pricing of the different industries. And then you have all of the local participants trying to run assets of which the price becomes one of the tools to do that. All of this is causing this short-term pressure on it and it will change the long-term. The dollar -- I have been in this thing for years, the dollar goes from a low point to a high point. When it gets to the high point, all this stuff reversed. All of a sudden, the costs go up. We end up substituting the other way. We push on stocks and we abandon the lower price points, when it goes the opposite way. We have to work it over cycle. It's not a change in the business. It's just a different moments in the cycle.
John Lovallo: Got it. Okay. And then, maybe as a follow up Jeff and just kind of dovetailing off of your comments, there, I mean you've been around in the industry for a long time and if we go back you'll pre-downturn. I don't think Mohawk you ever really took restructuring charges? And then kind of fast forward post downturn, it seems like every quarter there was some degree of restructuring that's going on. I guess the question is, is that's just the nature of the business today given it's more complex in many different countries, or do you guys see a point here in the near future where this is going to kind of be behind?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let me remind you that since from the 2012 to 2017 or '18 -- '17 we were buying two or three companies each year. We were buying big businesses. Every time you buy them you have to integrate the businesses together. You have to realign the assets pieces. You have to upgrade the equipment and stuff you have in order to get it to where you wanted it to go. So I mean that's just a normal part of an acquisition strategy and enhancing if you don't do that you have to enhance the profitability. What's your take? Because the return base is -- the business doesn't improve, the return on the existing profits. Given what you have to pay for them aren't enough to support your ongoing expectations for returns.
Operator: That's all the time, we have for questions today. I'll now turn the call back to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing comments.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think I'd like to leave with it. We're optimistic about our long-term prospects. We have a strong management team. We have some of the best assets and best positions in the marketplace. We're doing many initiatives going into new businesses that take years to get them optimized and mixed margin and distribution. And we're moving well along the path to go forward. Over time, we expect our results to improve and we think that the business hasn't changed -- a little difference at this point is, housing is slowing in the United States and it's slowing before the economy slowed. So that's different at this moment than we've had before and different cycles usually they happen concurrently. They're not happening currently now and they may not be concurrent in the future where many other initiatives to enhance our results, we're taking actions to improve our profitability and we're doing what we need to do for the business. We appreciate you spending time and being on the call with us. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Simon, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today Friday, April 26, 2019. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Simon. Good morning everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today we'll update you on the company's results for the first quarter of 2019 and provide guidance for the second quarter. I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties including but not limited to those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our Web site for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. Before proceeding with the call, we want to express our sympathy to the family of John Swift, Mohawk's CFO from 1984 through 2004, who recently passed away. John was a leader in the transition of Mohawk from a $300 million division of Mohasco through a leveraged buyout followed by an initial public offering. He helped grow Mohawk into a $5 billion flooring company prior to his retirement in 2004. Moving back to the earnings call, joining us today are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Glenn Landau, who joined Mohawk this month as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for his opening remarks. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. In the first quarter, our results came in line with the high end of our expectations. We delivered sales of $2.4 billion, up 1% as reported and up 6% on a constant exchange and days basis. Our adjusted operating income for the period was $207 million or 8.5% of sales in a difficult environment which we anticipate improving. The U.S. dollar strengthened significantly versus the prior year reducing our translated results for the period. During the period, the economies were softer in most of our regions. Housing markets were weaker, and material and energy cost escalated around the world. Uneven demand impacted volume increasing pressure on pricing and mix as competition increased. To align our inventories with demand, we reduced production rates to manage working capital. In the U.S. flooring retails reported that after a disappointing results in January and February, activity was improving by the end of the quarter. During the first quarter, we raised prices in many of our markets to cover inflation. And each of our businesses are taking specific actions to adapt to the present environment. We are introducing new products to differentiate our offerings and enhance our margins. We have replaced higher cost assets, consolidated operations, enhanced manufacturing processes, and reduced overhead expenses. We will take further actions across the enterprise as we move through the year to grow our sales and improve our margins. While we are managing through the current conditions, we are continuing to strengthen the long-term value of the business. The integration of 2018 acquisitions in Australia, New Zealand, and Brazil remains on track. And we are further investing to enhance their performance. Our products and geographic expansions continue to ramp up as we increase sales. We will realize the potential of these projects through 2020 and beyond. For more detail on the performance of segments, I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Wellborn: Thank you, Jeff. For the quarter, our global ceramic segment sales increased about 2.5% as reported. And we are up about 7% on a constant days and exchange rate. Our operating income was about $90 million or 10% of sales including the acquisition of Eliane and headwinds from slower markets, pricing pressures, and inflation. In the U.S., the ceramic industry faced continued pressures from LVT as well as imports from a stronger dollar. A group of ceramic tile has recently filed dumping claims against China, the largest ceramic exporter to the U.S. If confirmed, tariffs could significantly increase the delivery cost to Chinese imports and change competitive pressures. Due to earlier interest increases, U.S. home sales and construction slowed although both have recently improved as mortgage rates declined. To enhance our position, we have begun many initiatives across the business. To cover inflation and transportation, we implemented price increases across many categories. To compete with imports, we have begun offering private label programs and shipping direct truckloads to reduce the delivery cost. We have improved service to our customers with new mobile systems to make ordering and picking up faster and easier. We are enhancing our value proposition with unique features such as slip resistance, greater durability, and bacteria-resistant technology. We have added high end decorative tile collection and thick porcelain outdoors tiles as an alternative to stone. We are testing a fast installation technology. And we are pioneering a porcelain roofing system that offers the beauty of traditional slate with greater value. The start of our new quartz countertop plant is on schedule and will complement our sourced stone and quartz program. The plant produces slabs that are about 30% larger than the industry, which reduces both installation seams and waste. We are also expanding sales of our porcelain slabs made in Italy that are used on floors, walls, and countertops. To reduce operational expenses, we have enhanced body formulations and improved manufacturing efficiencies, maintenance costs, and freight strategies. We have also reduced both our administrative and selling costs with system enhancements. In Mexico, we are outperforming the market by broadening our customer base, expanding our polished and technical porcelain offering, and supporting stores that exclusively sell our brand. We continue to grow our exports to Central and South America with our leading design. In the period, we implemented price increases to recover higher natural gas, electricity and transportation costs, we anticipate our Mexican business improving from these actions. As the new Brazilian government implements policy changes the country's economy is in transition. We have recently implemented price increases to offset the dramatically higher cost of natural gas, which is regulated by the government. We are upgrading our mix with high-end porcelain in large sizes and began producing wall tile for the U.S. market, which replaces other source products. To support higher sales, we have restarted an existing production line that was idle. New investments in Brazil will expand our porcelain production by the first part of 2020. We have reviewed best practices between Eliane and our other ceramic businesses, and we are implementing improvements across all groups. The European ceramic industry has weakened with the regional economies. Competition in the market has increased and is pressuring industry pricing. We believe we have grown our market share in this environment. Our sales were driven by commercial, outdoor, and porcelain slab products, as well as higher style mid price offerings. During the period, we temporarily lowered our production rates to reduce our inventory. We are realigning the production in our European plants and reducing staffing to improve our cost, distribution, and service. We have consolidated management to increase our productivity, reengineered our formulations, and refined our maintenance processes. To reduce transportation expenses and enhance service, we have reorganized our Eastern European logistics system with new warehouses and technology. We are investing in energy saving initiatives and adding co-generation to improve cost this year. Our Russian ceramic business is gaining momentum with sales improving significantly, driven by our premium national distribution network and 365 owned and franchised stores. The strength of our brand and breadth of our offering has made us the market leader, for new residential and commercial projects we've expanded our specification organization which is the strongest in the industry. Our product mix continues to improve and we are increasing prices to recover inflation. During that period we completed our porcelain floor and wall expansion to support further growth this year and we've begun construction for additional slab production and the manufacturing of premium sanitary ware to expand our offering. For the quarter our floor in North America segment sales were down 3% as reported and 1.4% when adjusted for one less day in the period reflecting the 2018 mortgage increases and more severe weather conditions. The business improved as we moved into the second quarter supported by higher retail activity and an improving housing environment. As expected, operating income for the segment declined due to lower volume, inventory reductions, higher material costs and LBT team manufacturing variances across the segment we are taking many actions to improve our sales, cost and margins. To address changing consumer preferences, our new residential carpet introductions included more blended, multicolored collections and sophisticated patterns. Our new color Max technology which blends earth tones was voted the best carpet innovation at the National Show. As polyester products gain share we have differentiated our continuum collections with enhanced color visuals. The carpet price increases we've implemented are being partially offset by declining product mix. To ensure that each of our products in the market is priced properly, we have instituted better practices and controls. We've replaced high cost assets in our consolidating four inefficient operations which will reduce our overhead and cost structures. We are enhancing planning strategies increasing production outputs and reducing process variations to facilitate this realignment, these actions are being completed with additional improvements are being reviewed. Our commercial business improved during the quarter due to new soft and hard product launches and channel segmentation. We are increasing our product benefits with new soft service collections featuring advanced soil and stain protection, unsurpassed durability and a proprietary moisture resistant backing. Our hard surface sales increased dramatically with new product introductions with unique features for different commercial channels. We are adding sales reps to expand our specialization to increase our soft and hard service penetration in education, healthcare and hospitality channels. We have improved the performance of our soft service commercial facilities with investments in new technology and process enhancements. We're the North American leader in laminate flooring and our recent investments in advanced technology are expanding our market and upgrading our mix. Our unique waterproof technology had revitalized the laminate market and extended the use of our products in the home. We've improved the production of our premium products including those with deeply embossed surfaces, to improve our efficiencies, cost and service, we have consolidated operations in warehouses. Our sheet vinyl margins have improved due to better mix and manufacturing performance even as we discontinued the sale of non-Mohawk branded products. We are expanding our sheet vinyl distribution and introducing new products to expand the market. Our LVT continues to grow substantially and we have a complete offering under our key brands at all price points. Our Mohawk smart select and solid tech collections provide unique features with different value propositions. We've introduced a premium rigid LVT collection called Pergo Extreme which is being well accepted due to its leading style, performance and brand recognition. We will extend our high end LVT collections as the year progresses. Engineering modifications to our LVT manufacturing are being implemented and we'll substantially improve our output and costs throughout the year. Most of these changes have already been proven in our European operations and we're confident in our long-term position. For the quarter, our flooring Rest of World segment sales were up 6% as reported and up 16% on a constant basis and currency basis. Our adjusted operating income for this segment was about $95 million or 15.3% of sales up 11% on a local basis including our acquisitions. The economies in Europe, in Australia, New Zealand have been slowing, putting pressure on our revenues and margins. In this climate, we outperformed in most of our businesses. We have been increasing prices on selective products to offset inflation and currency changes. We are expanding both our residential and commercial sales organizations to enhance the distribution of our products. The segment was impacted by startup cost and under absorption of our new LVT sheet vinyl laminate and carpet tile operations. Our strategic acquisitions of the flooring leader in Australia, New Zealand a mezzanine flooring business in Europe and regional hard service distributors enhanced our market position on our first quarter results. In the laminate, we outperformed the European market with our unique technologies that make our products the preferred alternative to wood. Our new introductions are elevating the design and features of our brands at all price points. The acquisitions of our regional distributors are enhancing our market position and customer base. We have specialized European laminate plants, so they produce either luxury or volume products to improve our efficiencies and cost. In Russia, we are also introducing similar premium alternatives on our new state-of-the art equipment. During the period, our LVT manufacturing substantially improved reliability and production. We're introducing more rigid LVT collections across our brands. We're making additional equipment modifications to relieve process restrictions as throughput has increased. We will continue to drive enhancements in our processes, formulations and features throughout the year. To increase our sheet vinyl sales in Europe, we are introducing innovative products with unique features and expanding our commercial offering and sales organizations. The new Russian sheet plant has opened up capacity in Europe and we are pursuing new customers and channels. In Russia, the new plant is operating ahead of our initial plan in both volume and yields. We're expanding our customer base and over time, we will increase market share to optimize our results. Our installation results improved as last year's material shortages have been resolved and cost declined. The product category is growing significantly since our costs and selling prices have normalized. Our volumes have exceeded prior peaks and we're taking share from other installation alternatives. To extend the use of our products, we have introduced a new installation product used out of floors that complements our ceiling and wall products. Our Board businesses are operating well as a result of our prior investments. The slowing European economies are impacting the industry and pressuring our volumes and pricing. We continue to enhance our processes, reduce our costs and increase the use of recycled materials. In Belgium with government assistance, we are constructing another power plant that will convert waste wood to energy and improve our competitive position. Our new carpet tile plant in Belgium is operating well as we continue to build our specified in transactional sales. Our business continues to grow as we expand our customers, product offerings and our sales organization. The Australia, New Zealand market is under pressure as the economy and housing slow. We are raising prices to offset increased costs primarily from a weaker local currency. We are introducing new products with enhanced styling and performance to extend our leadership in the market. We are closing high cost extrusion assets and supplying yarn from our U.S. operations and other sources around the world. We're broadening our hard surface collections to expand our share of the foreign market. Leverage and U.S. capabilities we are constructing a new carpet tile line to grow our position in the commercial channel. I'll now turn the call over to Glenn, who will review our first quarter financial performance.
Glenn Landau: Thank you, Chris, and thank you Frank as well for the introduction and support over these past weeks. I'm pleased and excited to be a part of the Mohawk team and look very much forward to engaging with you our current and prospective shareholders and the broader investment community to build on an already strong relationship. Now to the financial performance and the year-over-year bridges, first quarter net sales were $2.4 billion up 1.3% as reported compared to prior year were up 6% adjusted for days at a constant FX basis. Organic growth in legacy businesses measured in net sales per day on a constant FX basis was positive despite slowing markets and weather in North America up nearly 1% versus prior years. One point of clarification for those of you who have picked this up who may not have picked this up already in our last earnings call it was stated that there would be one more day in the first quarter this year versus last year, while in actuality there was one less day. Correspondingly, there will be one more day in the fourth quarter this year. I hope that clears up any questions. Back to the financials, as this at the segment level, Legacy Flooring Rest of World showed the strongest growth largely offsetting continued weakness in Flooring North America. Gross margin adjusted for special items came in at 27.1% in the first quarter, a decrease of 280 basis points versus prior year. The decrease was driven primarily due to inflation and input, so $45 million weaker price mix of $12 million and market related downtime of $7 million partially offset by higher volume including acquisitions of $21 million and lower startup costs of $9 million. FX impact on gross margin dollars was $22 million on favorable. In terms of overhead, SG&A per net sales was 18.7% excluding unusual items up 90 basis points due to investment in samples, displays and marketing to drive sales. Special items in total were $41 million for the quarter of which $15 million was cash, of the total $6 million was acquisition related and the remaining $35 million was restructuring made up of charges for replacing high cost assets and consolidating manufacturing and warehousing facilities in Florida, North America as well as workforce reductions in global ceramic. Adjusted operating margin was 8.5% down from 12.1% last year as inflation and input costs headwinds of $51 million, weaker price mix of $12 million and lower productivity of $4 million hit the bottom line. Increased market related downtime and softer volumes of $9 million were offset by reduced startup costs. Additionally, FX translation of $11 million further reduced income and more than offset the transactional FX positive $4 million below the line in other income expense. Adjusted EBITDA was $348 million or 14.3% before interest expense of $10 million up $8 million last year from last year. The $2 million increase due to additional debt from acquisitions and share buybacks. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 23%, and is expected to move into the range of 20% to 22% in the second quarter, while still maintaining guidance of 22% to 23% for the full year. Finally, adjusted net earnings per share was $2.13 in the quarter, down from $3 and a penny or 29% versus last year. Now, let me turn to the segments, global ceramic has solid quarter. The sales of -- with sales of $898 million, an increase of 2.5% as reported versus last year, with legacy sales per day holding at 1% on a constant FX basis. Adjusted operating income was $90 million or 10% of net sales down from 13.3% margin last year. Inflation and input cost headwinds were $21 million. Software volume and market related downtime amounted to $7 million and additional costs for product development, sales personnel and marketing were $5 million. Improving productivity of $8 million and lower startup cost of $2 million were partial offsets and FX translation was unfavorable by $3 million. In the Global Ceramic segment, in the flooring North America segments, sales of $922 million decreased year-over-year by 3% on an as reported basis, or 1.4% on a daily rate. Adjusted operating income dropped to $31 million, or 3.4% of net sales in the quarter as input costs of $35 million and other inflation of $4 million, combined with weaker volume of $15 million and lower productivity of $13 million growing modestly offset by $3 million in price mix. With that said, raw material costs peaked in the quarter with improvement expected in the second quarter as lower cost inventory works its way through the process. And we also expect seasonally stronger sales. Now moving to Flooring Rest of the World, the segment performed very well as sales improved year-over-year by 6% as reported with legacy sales per day up 4% on a constant FX basis. Acquisitions added 12% of the top line or $69 million. Adjusted operating income came in at $95 million or 15.3% of sales up 11% including acquisitions and on a constant FX basis as relief on overall inflation of $10 million driven by lower input costs and improve volume totally $14 million driven by acquisitions and strong performance in LVT, laminate and installation in Europe were only partially offset by lower price mix of $16 million. FX translation was unfavorable by $8 million. Corporate expenses and eliminations driving operating loss of $10 million with the full year estimate in the range of $35 million to $40 million. Speaking now to the balance sheet, receivables ended the quarter at $1.7 billion with day sales outstanding improving versus the fourth quarter to 56 days roughly in line with last year, inventories ended the quarter at $2.3 billion or 126 days, slightly better than prior quarter and higher year-over-year by $293 million due to the ramp up of new plants, acquisitions, and higher raw material costs. As shared in the segment detail, inventories were adjusted in the first quarter with plant downtime. Going forward we will match our production with demand while continuing to try to optimize the supply chain. Fixed assets for the quarter held at $4.7 billion compared to the prior color on capital expenditures of $137 million in the period for 100% of depreciation in line with plan. Guidance for the full year continues to be CapEx spending within a range of $550 million to $580 million, again, roughly in line with depreciation of around $570 million. So wrapping up total debt was $3.3 billion at the end of the quarter with leverage at 1.9 times debt to EBITDA. The balance sheet is strong, and free cash flow of $33 million in the quarter improved materially over the same period last year by $100 million underlying expectations of a very solid year in terms of cash generation. With that, Jeff, I'll turn it back over to you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Chris. All of our businesses are taking actions to enhance our results with our major focus on LVT manufacturing, U.S. corporate performance, managing ceramic headwinds and increasing the utilization of new investments. In the U.S. flooring sales started out weaker and recently began to improve. Outside the U.S. most markets have softened and we are adjusting as required. Across the business, we are enhancing our offerings, reducing our costs, and ramping up new plants to expand our portfolio. We continue to realize increases to offset inflation and restore our margin. Our LVT sales are expanding significantly. And we are making equipment modifications to increase our volume and productivity this year. We are restructuring our U.S. carpet and laminate assets, and realigning our European ceramic operations to improve our cost results. Our recent acquisitions are positively impacting our results as we integrate them into our business. Taking all this into account, our EPS guidance for the second quarter of 2019 is $2.81 to $2.91 excluding any onetime charges. We are investing in new products and geographies to drive growth and strengthen our organization. To improve our execution, we are taking the necessary steps to adapt to the present conditions and deliver greater profitability in the long term. We will now be glad to take your questions. Simon? Operator? Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Stephen East with Wells Fargo. Go ahead, your line is open.
Stephen East: Thank you, and good morning, guys. Jeff, as you look at the demand both in Europe and the U.S., U.S. is rising, Europe is starting to slowdown. Could you talk some about the magnitude of each? Is the U.S. acceleration offsetting Europe or not? And do you think Europe -- the way you'll are forecasting now, do you expect Europe sales to remain positive for the year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: In the U.S., the industry we are anticipating with housing and what's going on in the market to be slower this year than last year, but we really don't have a good visual into how that's going to evolve. Depending on the different estimates, some people have it picking up dramatically as we go through the year and others have it still hesitating. Our estimates aren't any better. In Europe, the economies are all slowing across Europe and the competition is increasing as that occurs. And in that environment, we outperformed it in the first quarter. We think we can continue to outperform it for the rest of the year.
Stephen East: Got you. Okay. And then, as you look at flooring North America, the big issue is obviously on the margin side versus the revenues. But margin down about two thirds versus last year and it actually your op income sequentially declined more than revenues decline. So I guess if you all could rank order the causes of the drop in your op income? And any color on how you expect those to continue through the year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Industry sales were weaker. The production was lowered in order to reduce the inventories. We had high material cost flowing through from prior which impacted the margins. The price increases we put in are helping to offset except the mix is going the other direction. We see lower material cost and higher prices improving margins going into the second quarter. To improve the cost, we talked about replacing high cost assets, closing inefficient operations. We are consolidating multiple warehouses and we are reducing headcounts and overheads to improve the results.
Stephen East: All right. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Wojs with Baird. Your line is open.
Tim Wojs: Yes, hey, good morning everybody. I guess just maybe my first question on LVT, is there any way to provide any sort of kind of numerical update may be and just how the LBT performance is in North America maybe relative to last quarter or six months ago and how does that compare if you look at Europe maybe as a proxy since that capacity set up a little longer than North America?
Jeff Lorberbaum: What was said is that the global capacity was operating where we expect will be over a $1 billion when the plants are optimized as we go through in Europe the LBT line is ahead of the U.S. line and the process has stabilized, the productivity and wastes are continuing to get better. We have identified equipment modifications which are being executed as the volumes going up to eliminate bottlenecks which are holding it up. We are introducing products across our brand and rigid products to use the capacity and we're expanding our customer base in Europe. In the U.S., we are making engineering modifications similar to ones that have already been put in Europe the U.S. is making progress in it. We are shipping rigid products in the marketplace as we go through and I don't have any specific numbers to give you but we're confident that the LBT deal provide us advantages and through the year continue increasing as we increase the volume the overhead absorptions and the returns will get better.
Tim Wojs: Okay. Is there of $1 billion of capacity I mean is there any way to think about what the utilization is today on a run rate basis.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't have to give.
Tim Wojs: And then I guess on the production side of things, how are you kind of thinking about production as you kind of move into Q2 and I guess if you look at the market for 2019 what market growth level are you assuming in your production expectations. Is it flat is it up slightly, I'm just trying to think about how you guys are thinking about top line growth in '19 organically?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's really different by market by market. Then you have the acquisitions going through I think.
Tim Wojs: May be to the U.S.?
Jeff Lorberbaum: In the U.S. the numbers are now for last year yet but we're estimating that the industry grew 3% to 3.5% and our assumptions are that with what's going on it'll be slower than that and be less than that even with the price inflation that's occurred overall that's our sort of thinking about it. The carpet industry sales in the first quarter were down and so were ours with LBT impacting on as we go through and that's also being impacted by mixed economy as we go through so that would help you a little.
Tim Wojs: Okay. That's helpful, so maybe kind of on a volume basis in a flattish sales growth for the market isn't a bad assumption.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning everybody. My first question is just how should we think about productivity in the US and especially given the initiatives that you have within carpet consolidating some of those assets? LVT obviously coming online laminate all these different kind of projects that are coming through. How should we think about those coming together and perhaps improving the productivity over time?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So productivity across the business was impacted by lower manufacturing, levels higher costs for the employees and the ramping up of these new projects all end up in productivity improved the cost we talked about replacing assets and restructuring different parts and operations and we've reduced both direct labor and overheads. We think the productivity will continue to lag in the near term due to the inefficiencies and higher costs but we expect to see improvements continuing throughout the year.
Susan Maklari: Okay. And then as we do think about the inventories and going into maybe a seasonally stronger period. Do you think that you've fully rightsized the business? How are you thinking about your level of utilization going into the second and third quarters?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The inventory levels were up in the period but almost all the inventory increase was up to two new plants that require inventories to support them. The acquisitions that we did last year the inventory flowing in and then with the tariffs that were expected. The products we're importing from China would dramatically increase the inventories in the period, for the most part most of our inventories in the ongoing businesses were kept under control with lower production rates and we're going to match the demand the production with the demand for the most part going forward.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Stephen Kim: Thanks very much guys, I appreciate the time. My first question relates to the role that mix played in the quarter and what we could expect him to heading into 2Q in the rest of the year. In particular we noticed that the price mix number was pretty big negative in flooring Rest of World. And I know you also include mix by product type in your volume numbers and so I wanted to and I noticed that in flooring North America that that volume no impact was a little higher than we expected. So I guess my question is essentially. Can you help us understand what the mix dynamics product mix and channel mix were the main drivers in flooring North America and Flooring Rest of World. And should we expect those trends to be longer lasting throughout the rest of this year.
Glenn Landau: With the mix, the mix in flowing North America Steve is this is the same thing that's been going on for some time. First let me just say what we disclose and talk about is a combination of price mix. We have a difficult time pulling apart and separating, the mix in North America has been negative has we have seen a couple of things, one, product changes where we've seen product changing from higher price point nylon to lower price point polyester and then as we started putting in price increases that also drove some negative mix as well. And then I think you're referring to the on the on the floor in rest of world the number you're speaking to is price mix combined right not mix itself, correct?
Stephen Kim: Correct.
Glenn Landau: Yeah. So I think what's happening in flooring Rest of World Is in some of the categories over there product categories we're seeing raw materials go down and that's impacting pricing. Jeff I don't know if you want to add anything to that or not.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Last year in the insulation business there was a shortage of raw materials and the prices spiked about 30% or more and the prices have in the recent time come back down. So a major part of that is those prices coming down but at the same time it drove our selling prices up impacted the volume of the industry and us and with the costs coming down we're lowering the selling prices along with the decreases but the volume of the product category is going up and it's doing reasonably well right now.
Stephen Kim: Got it. Okay that's helpful. My second question relates to some of the management changes that we've seen recently. Obviously Glenn it's nice to have you aboard and Frank we're going to be sorry when you're not as present on the calls but we've also had some other questions regarding sort of deeper within the organization. And so my question relates to number one in what is your point in the global ceramic business and particularly Daltile in terms of running that business or you going to have any differences in how you manage that business. And then secondly in Flooring North America, I wasn't sure if you had yet ahead of the resilient business in within Flooring North America. I know you broke down into five categories reported and so wanted to get a sense for how we're doing in terms of staffing on that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have a really strong organization in the North American ceramic business is operating well and continues to operate well at the moment we've chosen for Chris to operate as the interim President and we haven't selected another person at this point. There's no rush the Chris if you remember operated the business for many years and the organization is continuing to go forward. We have selected someone else to run the other business and everything's like we would like it.
Chris Wellborn: Steve, I would just comment the throughout this ceramic segment now the organization is extremely strong, Europe, Russia, Brazil, North America and of course JP and I sat beside of each other for 20 years I've put him in that job and I just want him time to get in the business again and it's working really well.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I just wanted, Chris, to work another day a week.
Stephen Kim: Excellent. Okay, thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mike Dahl: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question, a lot of company is across building products have called out a number of headwinds in the quarter but one in particular has been de-stocking at large retail. Could you comment about kind of what the inventory levels are in your or your sense of where the inventory levels are from your larger customers. And have you seen any changes in order patterns as part of that comment you made about improvement?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well I can just comment on that. In some cases in the ceramic side with large customers, we have a lot of new products coming in and they are at the same time taking all the old products out. So that's causing some of the de-stocking that you're talking about where it's just product changes.
Chris Wellborn: And some of the other ones, there were some pushing out of it as it went through also.
Mike Dahl: Got it. Okay. My second question Jeff it's a bit bigger picture, if I step back and think about the moving pieces and what you're talking about in some of your global operations. Clearly, a big focus for you and the company has been expanding internationally over the past decade and increasingly the growth has come in countries that are emerging in nature and it seems like you're adding volatility to the portfolio alongside this global push. And I wanted to just ask you how you're thinking about your global strategy at this point based on kind of how the past 12 months or so have informed your results?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't think it's changed anything. Nothing's come as a surprise. You have periods of time where the U.S. dollar strengthens and then the translated results are impacted as part of the European businesses, we're investing in, we're trying to grow into other product categories as we've talked about to expand our footprint in Europe. There was strong organization that we think are outperforming the market in Russia. We expanded our presence, we have the leading ceramic business in Russia where we expanded the laminate business and Russia is doing well, we've put in new equipment to expand it and we're putting more investments in as we grow our market share in Russia. We've entered the Brazilian market with the new acquisitions we made last fall. We hired one of the best, we bought one of the best businesses and got the talented management alongside it to operate it. There will be more volatility in that marketplace but I think we're well positioned to do well within it. And so as a general rule, I would throw in Australia to Australia. We knew that the marketplace was due for a slowdown and we bought it. That was based on what we paid for it, we think we paid the right amount for it given that we knew we were headed into it and no surprise that Housing was overbuilt and softening right now. The results are still good and they're changing the strategies as we go forward. So I think we're doing the right things for the long-term of the business.
Chris Wellborn: And I would just add one more thing just to make a point. Russia we've been in since 2013 with the Ceramic acquisition and we've got a really good strong management team there and they've done a phenomenal job managing through the ups and downs and staying ahead of the market through both increasing and declining environments. So overall, I think we've done a pretty good job of managing the complexity of the geographic footprint around the globe.
Jeff Lorberbaum: But there is more volatility, I mean the one you just talked about the translated results from Russia 1.5 was Ruble is collapse but our business is still strong there and still growing.
Chris Wellborn: And I would just add one more thing, even when we go into a market like Brazil, we've known Eliane for 20 years. We know the management team very well, the President very well, and so, we've done a lot of work before we make an acquisition like that.
Mike Dahl: Okay. Appreciate the thoughts. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. There was a comment earlier in the call about reducing capacity specifically in Florida, North America, can you talk about what specifically you're doing and what's the timeline to get that completed?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So what first thing is we installed some new low-cost extrusion capacity, which still is leading to closing to old extrusion operations, we're also closing a yarn plant, a small tuck in plant. In laminate, we built a new warehouse to take off and we're closing two other warehouses and consolidate another plant with that move all of the things have good paybacks based on reducing the costs.
Keith Hughes: So Jeff, are you taking? Are you lowering your overall extrusion capacity by these moves? Are you just planning at a corporate life or just exceptionally weak, the last six months?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We took out some high cost extrusion and it will be slightly less but not; it won't keep it from meeting the ongoing demand.
Keith Hughes: Are you running extrusion below where you need to run it to make good profits?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We consolidate this together. So the new assets we have half of it in and running now. And the other half going in the next month, I think and I guess through the costs of our extrusion costs will come down. That's the
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Speer with Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Justin Speer: Thank you, guys. This first question Frank or Glenn, can you walk through or give us your free cash flow expectations for the year. And within that your expectations for working capital drag as you map towards a full year number?
Glenn Landau: Sure, this is Glenn speaking. Like I said earlier, free cash flow was strong in the quarter at $33 million, it's $100 million better year-over-year. And our outlook is very good. And that's based on the fact that capital spending as we spoke to, in our outlook will be down materially year-over-year and that is all upside first versus last year. So again, we're quite confident in a very strong cash performance and cash generation and ultimately, we believe, we can whittle down that working capital during the year on efficiencies?
Justin Speer: But I think the number was like $600 million or $700 million that you related last quarter is that still intact?
Glenn Landau: I think, it's north of that.
Justin Speer: And in terms of that working capital, just looking at that, the working capital as a percentage of sales is quite elevated 25%. I think the highest we've seen in quite a while and you mentioned a few of the puts and takes there, most of the takes, but how should we think about that as the year progresses? And is there any risk of obsolescence within that number?
Glenn Landau: Well, the big driver on that is inventories. Justin and we've been working as Jeff mentioned, to get our inventories down for some time I think that made good, we've made good progress with that. The inventories are if you look at it from the end of last quarter to the end of this quarter, about $50 million. However, days actually improved by one and a half days. If you compare inventories to a year ago, they're up over just a little bit over $290 million. And most of that related to the new plants, all the investments we're doing that we're putting out, how to get the inventories up before ahead of the sales. The acquisitions that we've done, and then the higher Chinese inventories that we came in, came in to get ahead of the tariffs. So I think
Justin Speer: And then, the last question. Oh, sorry.
Glenn Landau: I'm just going to say, I just say, I think we're managing our inventories. Well, we're making progress, and we'll be in line where we need to be by the end of the year.
Justin Speer: Thank you. The next question is that the implied guidance and the sequencing of guidance, I know it's an improvement in terms of year-over-year degradation. But the second quarter guidance is below what most we're expecting particularly giving the lower inputs that we saw with oil collapsing into January. I know it's sensory accelerated but oil inputs down quite a bit, pricing still good. Why is it the margin profile better next quarter and when should we see the year-over-year become more neutralized in your mind as we think as we started thinking about potentially a better back half in terms of underlying demand.
Glenn Landau: As you said the results for the first quarter were at the high end of our expectations. We expect the second quarter results improved with higher pricing and volume and lower raw material costs. At the same time, as we look out, we see the economy slowing and we see housing growth under pressure. We also are having difficulty anticipating what the inflation is going to be for the rest of the year. What we've continued to say is that the year-over-year decline in margins will improve throughout the year and keep getting better. And the future periods will have higher production rates, will have increased pricing, they'll be less startup costs in them. And it will start getting some of the benefits from the restructurings that we've been talking about.
Justin Speer: And can you quantify any of the restructuring benefit this year. The following this year that you've just announced in the press release?
Glenn Landau: We'll get some, the activities will be ongoing through this year, and then we'll see a much better benefit, larger benefit full-year benefit as we move into next year.
Justin Speer: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh with Stifel. Your line is open.
John Baugh: Thank you for taking my questions, and my condolences on Chatsworth's passing, sad news. My question is to two different ones. One, did you have a material increase in the amount of imported LVT to sell either year-over-year or sequentially. And then, is there any update on the accretion from the acquisitions you've done? Any update with macro slowing, particularly in Australia to that guidance. Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The important LVT sales are going up significantly. We also brought in more inventory based on thinking there could be a 25% tariff increase ahead of it. Also, the sales of our own manufacturing products are also going up as we go through.
John Baugh: Do you have the guidance with the
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well the accretion guidance hasn't really changed John; I think we said for early on at a Brazilian acquisition. We expected annual EPS accretion in the first year of about $0.15. And then, on Godfrey Hirst, I think we had said accretion of $0.15 in the second-half of last year, so about $0.30 for the full-year, so that those numbers haven't changed.
John Baugh: Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Your next color or your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Philip Ng: Hey, guys, I think part of the path ordering improvement going forward at some point productivity would flip positive, you start laughing on this price cost headwinds. And you're done drawn down inventory, just curious, it'd be helpful for you to kind of give us a sense, if any of these pieces you're expecting to flip positively in the next few quarters or just any color on some of the time frame would be really helpful.
Chris Wellborn: I think, we do expect those at the same time we are having difficulty estimating the economies in the housing pieces we go through as well as the inflation right now. And the only guidance we've given is what we keep saying that the Euro decline in margins will improve and get better as we go through the year.
Philip Ng: Okay. And these on the product just in terms of production and inventory, it sounds like, it's a work in progress. Should we expect that to be a big headwind going forward, just because it's been a drawdown dynamic throughout last few quarters? Did you have any better line of settling that trend?
Chris Wellborn: Most of it's behind us, but there's still some of it left because the first quarter wasn't quite as strong as we thought, but for the most part, as we said will be manufacturing and most of the businesses similar to the demand.
Philip Ng: Got it. And then from a capacity standpoint, just curious if you could give a little color in terms of where your capacity utilization is shaking out with some of the initiatives you've done in North America going forward whether it's carpet, is there an opportunity for you to kind of repurpose maybe some of your vinyl capacity into LVT? Thank you.
Chris Wellborn: The different assets manufacturers different products and so you can't relatively, can't easily switch them between one product category in another. Next question operator.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Wood with Nomura Instinet. Your line is open.
Michael Wood: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I just want to ask the margin question in other way. I understand the pressures to 2Q year-over-year since you're still de-stocking, and there's a lot of price mix pressures, but in third quarter, you begin to lap some pretty major headwinds. You know that we're supposed to be temporary. I'm curious by third quarter, what are the major pressure points to margins? If you can, is there going to be lower productivity or higher, mix, negative mix, or cost pressures?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The problem we're having is you're asking for specific ongoing guidance, which we continue to say we giving the general piece of where it is. We think that we have a lot of actions in place to improve our position in the business. There's some questions about what will happen in the different environments, such as, depends on who you listen to the dollar strength could go up significantly, depending on somebody or could go the other way dramatically, depending on who you listen to. The oil price hit recent highs lately, it could be at $55, or it could be to $80, which impacts the prices. There's a lot of variables, which we don't know how to put into the specifics. And we don't want to lead you astray.
Michael Wood: Understood. Okay. And you talked about price being implemented across the product categories. Do you know yet whether or not they've been successful taken by the market and any quantification in terms of what that incremental benefit could be?
Jeff Lorberbaum: There are price increases and most products and most geographies that have been implemented on the prices are flowing into the business, which is helping the second quarter. Also, this increases in various prices you mentioned, Brazil. The gas prices have gone up astronomically. We have the same thing in Mexico as yet. So the pricing is covering -- in some cases, it's covering the changing pieces and other cases, it should help the margin, which is why the second quarter is going to be better.
Michael Wood: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The final question is from the line of Matthew Bouley with Barclays. Your line is open.
Matthew Bouley: Hi, thanks for taking my question. On the inflation side, Jeff, understanding it's not your business to predict commodities. But how does that oil price rebound kind of impact your thoughts around price increases, specifically, in carpet? You know, do you think that further price increases would be necessary, just kind of looking at where commodities are at this point? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's too early to tell. The price is highly volatile. It could drop significantly or stay the same or go up. In general, it takes anywhere from two to three, four months to pass through to our purchases. And that also changes depending on supply and demand dynamics of the various steps in between. So we're watching it and we'll have to see. The move has been recent. And we have no idea whether it's going to going to be maintained or if it's going to go up or down from here quickly. As if so our guests are no better than anybody else in the oil business and the chemical businesses as you go through. With that, I'd like to make sure everybody understands that we're taking the actions to improve our results. We're confident that our new investments will give us the returns we want in time as we wrap them up. We're taking actions to improve the existing businesses. And we appreciate you joining us for the call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-08 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Natalia, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today Friday, February 8, 2019. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Natalia. Good morning everyone and welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today we'll update you on the Company's results for the fourth quarter of 2018 and provide guidance for the first quarter of 2019. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties including but not limited to those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. After five consecutive years of record earnings, 2018 proved more difficult than we anticipated with inflation increasing dramatically, luxury vinyl tile impacting other U.S. flooring products and most of our markets slowing. In this environment, we selectively invested approximately $1.5 billion to enhance our long-term performance, primarily in new product categories and geographies with greenfield projects and acquisitions, cost saving initiatives and buying back shares. Our industry has faced periods with volatile costs and shifts in consumer preferences before and we have always navigated through them to emerge stronger and a more competitive position. And 2018 inflation in the U.S. was primarily driven by increasing material costs, escalating transportation and energy costs and constrained chemical supply. The tight U.S. labor market increased employee turnover, which impacted both efficiencies and training costs. Our ability to offset these pressures was hindered by continuous inflation, more competitive imports due to a stronger dollar and substitution of LVT for other alternatives. In the U.S., LVT is taking share from other flooring and it will become a significantly larger part of our portfolio. Our LVT manufacturing and import strategies are progressing and our margins will improve in the future. In the U.S. and Europe we are adding more talent to our LVT operations to increase our production, efficiency and differentiation in 2019. While we are managing through these conditions, we are enhancing the long-term value of our business. In 2018, we acquired leading flooring companies in Australia, New Zealand and Brazil. And in Europe, two flooring distributors and a specialized mezzanine company. We entered the European porcelain slab and carpet tile markets. We expanded our higher-quality ceramic in Eastern Europe and initiated sheet vinyl production in Russia and quartz countertop manufacturing in the United States. Much of the benefit from these capital investments will be realized in 2020 and beyond, as we achieve higher volume, mix and productivity. Turning to the fourth quarter results. We generated sales of $2.4 billion, up 3% as reported or 5% on a constant currency. For the period, our adjusted operating income was $241 million or 10% of sales with an adjusted EPS of $2.53. As with our first year performance  as with our full year performance, the period was affected by significant inflation slowing markets and LVT impacting sales of other products. Even as we executed price increases in many products, our business has experienced increased competition and greater pressures on pricing and mix. In the period, inflation continued to be a headwind across most categories as higher materials flowed through our costs. We decreased our manufacturing production in the fourth quarter to adapt to market demand. Our start-up costs in the period were higher than we projected with LVT production improving slower than anticipated. Our new countertop and sheet vinyl plants initiated manufacturing and our Polish ceramic tile expansion was still starting up. In the period we purchased about $274 million of Mohawk stock, reducing our share count by 2.3 million or the equivalent of 3% of our outstanding shares. For more details on our segments, I'll now turn the call over to Chris Wellborn.
Chris Wellborn: Thank you, Jeff. For the quarter, our global ceramic segment sales increased about 5% as reported or 7% on a constant currency basis to $861 million with headwinds from inflation, pricing pressures and lower growth in some of our markets. Adjusted operating income for the segment was approximately $87 million or 10% of sales. In North America, our ceramic business increased sequentially but remain challenged due to import pressures and transportation expenses. To improve our margins, we have increased prices on our products to recover inflation and higher freight costs. We are increasing sales of high-end products made in our new Tennessee plant with technical collections for commercial and color-bodied porcelain with greater slip resistance and durability for residential. For the premium consumer, we are also introducing luxury wall tile collections with handmade looks as well as porcelain floor tile with rectified edges and polished effects. Sales of our large porcelain slabs and countertops are expanding as they gain market acceptance. Our new quartz countertop plant is manufacturing basic products as we ramp up production and optimize our processes and formulations. We have initiated sales of our patented perennial ceramic roofing with some of the largest distributors in the country. This new product mix premium slate-type roof is accessible to the broader market. This year we will also introduce luxury vinyl tile by Daltile, a new ceramic technology that will make the tile installation faster and easier. Across North America, we are taking many actions to lower our costs including consolidating regional service centers and reducing headcount. We're improving our service by increasing our regional inventory levels and lowering our transportation costs by shipping truckloads and redistributing them locally instead of making multiple higher cost stocks. We are improving efficiencies of our manufacturing operations and installing an energy generation system in Tennessee to lower cost. In Mexico our new production lines in Salamanca are operating well, and we are focused on improving our mix and margins. We are expanding our customer base and product offering with our Dalgress large sizes which replicate porcelain at lower price points. We have announced price increases in Mexico to cover inflation and shipping costs. In November, we finalized the purchase of Eliane in Brazil. Eliane is an industry leader with the best brand and a premium position in one of the world's largest ceramic markets. The Brazilian market is strengthening and both our sales and margins are expanding. We have ordered the first phase of new equipment to enhance Eliane's operations and margins following the strategy we used to dramatically improve Marazzi's profitability. We're formulating strategies to optimize our combined Brazil and Mexico sales in Central and South America. In Europe, conditions softened as we went through the period with the Italian economy deteriorating the most due to the political uncertainty. Our exports outside Europe which are focused on commercial projects also slowed. Given these conditions, we experienced greater pressure on margins as competition increased. We reduced production rates in the fourth quarter and are continuing to do so in the first period. We are increasing our commercial sales force to boost sales of our premium technical ceramic. In retail, we are expanding our high-end collections in unique thin wall tile products. We are gaining traction with our large porcelain slabs which can be used for floors, walls and countertops. With the expansion of our European ceramic footprint, we are increasing the specialization of our plants in Italy, Spain, Poland and Bulgaria to improve our competitive advantages. For example, we are moving production of our outdoor products to Poland where we added new lines dedicated to this category. We have increased the production and size capabilities at our Bulgarian plant to enhance our sales in lower price points across Europe. In Western Europe we are creating a separate sales force specifically for these lower-priced collections. We anticipate introducing a patented easy insulation tile in Europe later this year. With these actions, we expect to increase the utilization of our European assets as we move through the year. The Russian ceramic market has grown as the economy improved. During the period, our sales and profitability increased substantially although the weaker ruble significantly reduced our translated results. To overcome inflationary pressures, we enhanced our mix and expanded our volume. We have installed two new production lines this year which will enable us to grow both our porcelain floor and wall tile business. We are launching production of porcelain slabs which are used for floors, walls, countertops and commercial exteriors. In 2019, we will commence production of sanitary ware to make us more complete provider of premium bathroom products. To highlight our offering and enhance our brand, we are expanding the number of large company-owned flagship stores in major metropolitan areas. In the fourth quarter, our Flooring North America segment sales were approximately $974 million, decreasing about 3% with an adjusted margin of 9% including start-up cost of $7 million. The segment sales shipped  slowed as we went through the period due to softer existing and new home sales, weaker remodeling and inventory reductions by customers in some channels. During the period we initiated further price increases to recover higher material and freight costs. Additionally, we launched numerous initiatives to enhance efficiency, reduce material cost and improve processes. In the U.S. market, LVT sales continued to increase, impacting the purchase of other flooring. In November, we announced Paul de Cock's appointment as President of the Flooring North America segment to enhance our results. He has changed the management structure to improve our marketing, operations and innovation in each flooring product. Paul has two decades of experience in the industry and joined Mohawk in 2005 with the Eliane acquisition. Paul previously led the flooring business for our flooring Rest of World segment. Early in his Mohawk career, he led our U.S. Hard Surface business. In the period, carpet was impacted by the high cost of materials and hard surface alternatives. We have increased carpet prices to better align with our costs. In our premium SmartStrand collections, we introduced our new ColorMax technology which blends colorations with greater clarity and deeper saturation. ColorMax was selected by retailers as the most innovative new product at the recent flooring trade show. We also updated our entry-level SmartStrand collections to enhance their sales. We expanded our patented Air.O unified soft flooring offering to strengthen our increasing distribution. We've increased our proprietary Continuum polyester offering with higher-style products at all price points. We have completed most of our regional markets and our residential customers remain cautiously optimistic about prospects for 2019. We continue to enhance our commercial sales organization with increased segmentation by channel and greater focus on specification of large projects. Across all products, many initiatives are being executed to enhance efficiency, material cost, quality and service. We have reinvigorated the premium laminate category through the new investments we made to produce visuals that exceed real wood with previously unachievable water resistance and durability. Wood sales remain under pressure as we provide other alternatives with superior value propositions. Both our residential and commercial LVT sales grew substantially during the period as we implemented our sourcing and manufacturing strategy. We are offering a premium Pergo LVT collection which, before introducing, has great consumer brand recognition than any other LVT product in the market. Though we had anticipated even more improvement, the speed of our LVT production increased about 20% over the prior period. We're adding more engineering resources to further increase productivity, formulations and yields. Long-term, we are confident that our investment in this technology will provide us with competitive advantages when it is operating at expected levels. Our Flooring Rest of World segment delivered fourth quarter sales of $614 million, an increase of 12% as reported or 16% on a constant currency basis with acquisitions enhancing our results. Adjusted margin for the segment was 13% of sales including start-up cost of $18 million. As we progressed through the period, we experienced softening market conditions in both Europe and Australia. LVT sales continued their strong growth and we significantly outperformed the laminate market with our premium collections. We have initiated laminate price increases to recover rising costs and currency changes. Our investments to expand laminate production in Europe and Russia have increased our market share by delivering differentiated visuals and waterproof features. The new lines also supported margin expansion with improved mix and greater efficiencies. The expanded production is enabling us to increase our sales in Russia which has been constrained by capacity limitations. Our LVT sales continue to grow dramatically as our production rates increase. Some of our LVT introductions were postponed until later this period as we overcame technical problems that increased our costs during the fourth quarter. We have seen about 15% speed improvements in LVT over the last quarter as our processes have been refined and we anticipate continued improvement in the year ahead. The improved performance of the new line will allow us to add unique visuals and performance features to our collections. In Europe, we are gaining share in sheet vinyl by launching new products to expand sales on the continent as our new plant in Russia has begun to satisfy its local market. Our Russian sheet vinyl facility is operating as planned and is producing goods to satisfy commitments to major customers. As we refine the plant's processes and costs we will expand our customer base with innovative products. Our European carpet tile plant continues to progress as we broaden our product offering and customer base. We're expanding our commercial sales force and increasing the specification of our products. We have integrated Godfrey Hirst into the Mohawk structure. Presently, the Australian housing market is slowing and we are adapting to the changing conditions. We are investing in new assets to expand Godfrey Hirst's commercial carpet and leveraging Mohawk's resources to enhance product and material strategies. We anticipate bringing greater value to the market with more innovative products and a comprehensive offering of hard surface products distributed under our brand. The volume and profitability of our insulation business is improving significantly. Our polyurethane insulation is taking share from other products as it did prior to prices rising from material constraints. Since the supply of raw materials has recovered, our service levels have improved, and pricing has become more competitive with other alternatives. Our board sales and margins for the year were the highest in the decade. The investments we've made have improved our offering and productivity. With the softening economy in the fourth period, we experienced sales and margin pressures. We have implemented initiatives to increase sales and focus on value-added products. We're expanding the mezzanine flooring business we acquired last year as we leverage our existing manufacturing and sales organization. Now I'll pass the call to Frank, who will review our fourth quarter financial performance.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Chris. Net sales for the quarter were $2,449 million and grew 3% as reported with the legacy business up almost 1% on a constant exchange rate basis. Flooring Rest of World had the strongest growth with LVT and laminate products performing well both in Rest of World and in our North American segment. Just as a heads up, in 2019 the first quarter will have one additional day and then will have one less day in the fourth quarter of 2019. Gross margin as reported was 26.4% or 27.1% excluding charges and was down from 32.3% last year. Inflation of $61 million, lower productivity of $24 million, higher start-up of $17 million, plant shutdowns of $15 million and unfavorable foreign exchange of $13 million, offset increased volume of $18 million and price mix of $9 million. SG&A as reported was 17.7% or excluding charges 17. 3% compared to 17.1% last year. We had unusual charges of $27 million that primarily were related to the Godfrey Hirst and Eliane acquisitions and plant consolidation in North America. Our operating margin excluding charges was 9.8% down from 15.1% last year. Inflation headwinds of $62 million along with the impact of increased start-up of $18 million, shutdown of $15 million and lower productivity of $23 million, offset $9 million of improvement in price mix. We also had a $7 million headwind from FX. EBITDA was $381 million in the fourth quarter and $1.7 billion for the full year. Our interest expense for the quarter was $14 million which compares to $7 million last year. The increase was related to early extinguishment of high-cost Eliane debt. Our income tax rate improved to 19.2% from 27.2% last year due to the 2017 tax reform act. We estimate a first quarter rate of approximately 22.5% to 23.5% and a full year rate of 22% to 23% for 2019. Earnings per share excluding charges were $2.53 which was a decrease of 26% compared to last year. Turning to the segments. Our global ceramic segment had sales of $861 million. Fourth quarter sales increased 5% as reported with our legacy business up 2% on a constant exchange rate basis. Our Russian business reported the highest growth and North America improved sequentially on a year-over-year basis in the quarter. Operating income excluding charges was $87 million with a margin of 10.1% down from 14% last year. Inflation of $30 million declining price mix of $6 million and increased shutdown costs of $8 million, offset incremental productivity of $13 million and stronger overall volume. In the Flooring North America segment, sales of $974 million decreased year-over-year by 3% with improvement in price mix of $26 million which was offset by volume weakness in soft surface product lines. Our operating income excluding charges in this segment was $86 million with a margin of 8.9% compared to 16.7% last year. Improvement in price mix of $20 million was offset by inflation of $36 million, unfavorable productivity of $37 million and $7 million of production shutdowns as well as start-up of $7 million. We also had $17 million of lower volume. In the Flooring Rest of World segment sales were $614 million an increase of 12% as reported with our legacy sales growing 3% on a constant exchange rate basis. LVT had the strongest growth in this category. Operating income excluding charges was $78 million with the margin of 12.8% compared to 15.8% last year. Productivity and lower material costs were offset by $5 million of foreign exchange and another $5 million of lower price mix as well as higher start-up of $13 million. In the corporate and eliminations segments, we had an operating loss of $11 million. And in 2019, we are estimating a loss ranging between $35 million and $40 million. Jumping to the balance sheet. Receivables ended the quarter at $1,606 million with our days sales outstanding at 60 days in the quarter compared to 59 days a year ago. Inventories ended the quarter at $2,288 million with inventory days at 128. Our inventory was up $340 million from the fourth quarter of last year with 70% of the increase from new businesses and acquisitions and 30% of the increase from Chinese pre-buy and inflation. We lowered our legacy manufactured inventory in most categories as we ran production below sales during the quarter. Our fixed assets for the quarter ended up at $4.7 billion and included capital expenditures of $151 million with depreciation and amortization of $139 million. For the full year, capital expenditures were $794 million with depreciation and amortization of $522 million. We are estimating CapEx for 2019 to be approximately $550 million to $580 million with depreciation and amortization estimated at $560 million. Looking at long-term debt, our balance sheet and cash flow remain strong. Total debt was $3.3 billion at the end of the quarter with leverage at 1.8 times debt to EBITDA. Jeff, I'll turn it back over to you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. As we enter 2019 many macroeconomic conditions around the world could impact our results. Economies have been slowing in most of our markets. Oil volatility is making our costs unpredictable and the housing markets in many regions are under pressure. So our outlook is cautious because of these issues, we expect our results to improve through the year. In the first quarter, we're reducing production rates due to softer environment in most of our markets. Higher price materials will flow through before we realize the benefits from recent changes. The dollar strengthened relative to last year and will have a significant negative impact on the first period. We continue to introduce innovative new collections, implement price increases and improve manufacturing processes. Taking all of this into account, our EPS guidance for the first quarter of 2019 is $2.02 to $2.12 excluding any one-time charges. Our major product and geographic expansions are at various stages of ramping up. As we progress through the year, these investments will increase our sales and margins, price increases will benefit our results, our start-up costs will decline and production levels will increase. We will realize the potential of these projects in 2020 and beyond as volume and efficiencies increase. Today the business is strong with substantial resources, a broader product portfolio and a more diverse geographic footprint. We have a strong balance sheet, extensive liquidity and historically low debt leverage. In the short-term we are taking the appropriate steps to manage through these market uncertainties and we are confident our investments and acquisitions will significantly enhance our long-term business. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Michael Wood with Nomura Instinet.
Michael Wood: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was hoping you could shed some light on general industry dynamics in the U.S. ceramics market. With the 10% EBIT margins you reported, which are going lower in the first part of 2019. I guess even if we say you're tracking above that because of the investment headwinds and destocking that are hurting results temporarily, where do you think the competitors are from a profitability standpoint and where that marginal production cost is? I'm trying to understand that given your scale advantages, at what point do you start to see the competitors alleviate some pressures that you're seeing on the price cost side?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The competitors we believe are already reducing their production rate significantly in the U.S. market. However, about 50% or more of the U.S. capacity is satisfied by worldwide supply base and is imported. At the same time you have the 10% increase in tariffs from China, which is the biggest supplier of imports to the country. So you have a lot of dynamics going on. We are raising our prices as we speak to recover some of the freight and margin loss we've incurred so far.
Michael Wood: Okay. And then as a follow-up, you talked about deteriorating slowing sales in many markets. Can you just give us an update on what market you seemed stabilized since at the start of this year? And what markets are continuing to slow down?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So we see in Europe, the markets slowing across, we have a large part of our sales in Italy which is going into a recession. And we have the Russian market is improving in Russia. The Mexican market decreased in 2018. It was running at double digits in our category in 2017, in 2018 it was running negative. We think a lot of it was caused by the interactions between the U.S. and them, but we see it improving. In the U.S., your guess on what's going to happen with the economy and housing is as good as mine this year.
Michael Wood: Okay. Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI.
Stephen Kim: Thanks very much guys. First question is about your LVT production and how or whether your plans have evolved since you started building the two major lines a couple of years ago, the two new lines. Like for instance, I'm wondering is your intention to focus to new Dalton line on like high-end rigid LVT and source the rest whereas maybe previously you intended to produce both high-end low-end rigid? Or maybe you're planning to do flexible LVT on that line for the time being? Or is it basically just that your plan is essentially unchanged just merely delayed. So whatever you can share about your thinking and how it may have evolved will be great. And as for the rigid product you are currently making, where is this product being sold today?
Jeff Lorberbaum: See, if I can answer all of those. So in the United States, our strategy hasn't changed. The new line is focused on making rigid products and it will primarily make mid to higher-end rigid products because we think we can utilize the full capacity of doing that. We change the thing that given that it was taking us longer than we hoped and the market was growing faster, we changed the strategy in the middle of last year. And we began importing more products so that we could satisfy larger parts of the marketplace. And going into this year, we've raised our inventory substantially and LVT going into the year to support it. And then we've also announced that we said we're introducing a new Pergo brand in that which today has a higher consumer brand than any other thing in the category. We haven't sold the first piece of it yet. And we're also going to put LVT in the Dal-Tile product offering this year.
Stephen Kim: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. Okay. So then my second question relates to inventory. I think you mentioned that you're sort of building, the stuff that you're making in LVT, the new LVT line is going into inventory right now. I assume that means that you're going to be looking to launch this Pergo product, I guess, probably in the home centers I'm guessing and maybe other places too, in 1Q I'm guessing. So could we actually see inventory dollars down as soon as 2Q this year? And I mean on a year-over-year basis inventory dollars down? Or should  are we going to have to wait until later this year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: First is that, I assume that the Chinese have a down period in the first of the year so you have to prebuy ahead of it. The second is we are expecting our sales to go up, so we're building inventories for those product categories before we have any sales. And you have to build enough so that we can satisfy the customers. Third is the inventory is also going into all these new businesses we go keep talking about. When you start them up, you put in all the raw materials, the inventories and you're building new products before the sales in those two. So the inventories were all there. Frank, you want to touch a little bit on where the inventory distribution is at this minute, the inventory growth, distribution?
Frank Boykin: Yes. Like I said in my comments, about 70% of the $340 million of growth is in new businesses and acquisitions and the balance here in Chinese prebuy or inflation. And I think another point to make there is that we worked real hard to take our inventory  manufactured inventory levels down by reducing production levels down below the sales levels. And I think we've done a pretty good job of keeping the manufactured inventories down in most categories.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The growth in all these different businesses you have to put the inventories ahead. So I don't expect the inventory turns to be what we like them going into the second quarter because it's going to take a while to get all these businesses up even though the inventory is there to support much higher sales.
Stephen Kim: Okay. So inventory probably won't be down year-over-year until maybe the back half of the year is kind of what I'm hearing. Is that fair?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes, the turns  would be the turns right in the inventory.
Stephen Kim: Okay. So the turns will be up, got it  in the back half. All right. Thanks very much guys.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matt Bouley with Barclays.
Matt Bouley: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. Jeff, could you elaborate on the comment you made there around improving results through the year during 2019? Is that a revenue growth or a margin comment? Are you anticipating, I guess, the margin declines to lessen? Just how exactly should we model improving results after the first quarter? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: To start out with the outlook which we said is cautious because of the economies and the housing which we're having difficulty projecting what's going to happen this year, but we do expect improvements in the business as we go through with the expansion of the sales and the margins as we go through the year.
Matt Bouley: Okay. Understood. And then secondly, does these first quarter guidance anticipate any effect from the tariffs? And I'm assuming you wouldn't necessarily see an immediate impact. But I guess beyond the first quarter, obviously as you're sourcing from China, how should we think about what the margin impact would look like or what you're planning around that? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't have any idea what additional tariffs will go in and not go in. We don't know. We haven't built anything into our plan but we'll have to adjust if they go in, how we operate, and how it impacts the marketplaces.
Matt Bouley: Okay. Thanks for the detail.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America.
John Lovallo: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question. The first question is just following up on Matt's question maybe. It looks like the first quarter implied operating margin could kind of be in the 8.5% to 9% range realizing that could be just conservatism on your part. But the comments about things getting better or improving, I mean, should we be thinking about improvement just sequentially? Or should we be thinking about that on a year-over-year basis in terms of operating margin?
Frank Boykin: We were talking about the year-over-year margin percentage improving sequentially  third quarter, fourth quarter.
John Lovallo: Okay, got it. All right, that's helpful. And then if we think about some of the headcount and consolidation that you guys  headcount reduction I should say and consolidation of the service centers that you guys talked about, I mean, clearly it makes a lot of sense from a cost perspective. Is there any risk though that of negative impact to your operations? Or was this really just kind of redundant capacity?
Jeff Lorberbaum: What we did is in some of the major markets we have multiple stores in every corner of the metropolitan areas and we've developed ways of getting the product to those customers with less store foot  service center footprints in the area.
Chris Wellborn: Yes. And we don't really see a risk to that because we analyze each market by market. And where we took the reductions, we should be fine.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets.
Mike Dahl: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. The first question I wanted to go back to the discussion around inventory. And notwithstanding the uncertainty about whether or not tariffs go into effect at 25% in March just focus specifically at what's played out over the last couple of months. You mentioned the Chinese prebuy. Part of that is around the Lunar New Year part presumably for you guys and also maybe your competitors is really that they're also getting the in out of the tariffs. Can you just discuss on what you're seeing in terms of both competitor inventory levels and channel inventory levels from your customers in LVT?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I can't speak for my competitors because I have no idea. But we are raising the inventories for all the reasons you just went through. In some cases we're buying it ahead because of the pricing. In some cases we're buying it ahead because of the increases. And in some cases we're buying it ahead to expand our business and footprint and brands we're selling under in each cases. So it's all of the above. I would imagine the rest of the world is doing the same thing.
Mike Dahl: And so do you see any potential channel issues in terms of too much inventory in the retail channel as you head into the spring?
Chris Wellborn: I mean I can see what  on the ceramic side we tend to build up in preparation for that Chinese shutdown. But then as you go through the quarter obviously your inventory goes down because you're not buying more from the Chinese when they shutdown.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The imports in ceramics which we can see always go up dramatically the first of the year as people are putting in new products, changing out old ones and building up the inventories. And so what happens is the imports decline as you go through the year and they make adjustments in the second half coming out of it. So you typically go in with a more optimistic view and you adjust in the second half of the year. And you could see it in the import data.
Mike Dahl: Got it. Okay. And then my second question, Jeff, I was hoping if you could give us a little more color around Paul's appointment in North America and just what specifically he's already changed out? And if there's anything more radical in nature that he's considering as far as strategy there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I guess a little background on Paul. Paul has been in the industry his whole life. He joined our business when we acquired Eliane in 2005. At that point, he came to the United States and he ran our United States hard surface business for a number of years. And then he went back and he's been running the Rest of World segment's Flooring business since. Since he got here, he's announced changes in the management structure where we've had a more focused approach on each product category. And with that, we expect to have greater efficiencies and execution in each category. At the same time we're going to enhance these sales synergies across the total segment as we go through. And he's  a majority of those things needed to be done, have already been announced and executed.
Mike Dahl: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi. Thank you taking my questions today. The first is really more for LVT production, more specifically in the U.S., secondarily in Europe. As you think about tackling the new ceramic or stone type LVT product, is this a type of product that you would attempt to manufacture domestically? Is it still a type of product that you would prefer to import? And just really broadly speaking stepping back and looking at the forest for the trees how do you intend to tackle the fast growing different types of products coming out of LVT either manufacturing or more import? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There are two types of stone products. One stone product is just changing the stone ceramic looks, is just changing the visuals on the various types that are here, which we have been doing the other. And then there's a new product type that has a different core with it that's being made in China. And we have not entered that one yet.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. Do you  is it your intention to get into that product this year or is this something...
Jeff Lorberbaum: Our strategy is to have both a sourced strategy and a manufactured strategy. And if the business believes they're better off or they need something to source we won't hesitate to do it.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay, great. My second question just is on Flooring North America. You gave some great detail in the prepared commentary on some puts and takes on the margins. But as we've had a really two consecutive quarters with pretty steep declines year-over-year, can you help us understand what things are more easily addressable and fixable? And what ones will take a little bit longer to rectify? So really kind of more inflation things that can catch up but others that are trickier like manufacturing. Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean, there's some  I'd say, going forward, there are different issues. So the issues you have with the overall economies and pieces which we can't control, which we're not sure exactly how they're going to evolve, how we're going to have to react to. You have issues in each category like ceramic where the stronger dollar has reduced the pricing in the marketplace. The tariffs are raising the prices of the stuff coming out of China. And at the same time our freight costs have been going up here which we've absorbed last year. We announced an increase at the end of the fourth quarter to try to recover both some of the margins as well as the freight costs to get them back. In each of the different product categories and markets, there's different dynamics in each. You have on top of that all of these new investments we have are under-utilizing the fixed costs because when we go into the new businesses, it takes time to ramp them up which is why we said that a large part of these new profitability will be in 2020 and beyond. Because even if we start them up and get them there, we have to get the customers to buy enough to get the profitability that we expect. So it will improve through the year. But until you hit these rates of utilization that we need in each one, you won't be to the potential of what they can have.
Kathryn Thompson: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Susan Maklari with Credit Suisse.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning. My first question is, just it seems like you did make some significant progress in the quarter in terms of price mix despite some of the macro weakness that we saw. Can you talk to just a little bit more color around that how sustainable it is? And really how we should be thinking about it trending as we move through this year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I guess a few things. One is in our carpet business with raw materials, we would expect that as the inventories flow through, that it will help the margins which should be about the second quarter we should start seeing that. However, I can say that the oil prices, the predictions by people who know more than I do, range from about $50 a barrel to $90. And so I have no way of predicting what they're going to be and we'll have to react as they go through. The same thing you hear us we talked about in the introductory things about introducing a lot of higher-value products in each category about try to driving the premium products. And the question is going to be as we go through the thing we think we'll help the mix. The question is going to be how the economies and volumes is going to be as we progress through the year. And we're sure we'll improve it if we don't have any negative things we're not anticipating show up.
Susan Maklari: Okay. And then my second question is just as we do think about your source as well as manufacturing strategy, can you talk a little bit to the margin differentials with those products and how we should be thinking about the implications of that on the business?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The margin differential in the short term will probably be similar. In the longer term we would expect the margins in our manufacturer to be higher.
Susan Maklari: Okay. So we should be expecting that to come through more in 2020 then?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes.
Susan Maklari: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of John Baugh with Stifel.
John Baugh: Thank you. Good morning. I have two things quickly. You gave us some color around production of LVT both in Europe and the U.S. Was that a rigid comment only? Or is that all LVT? And is there any distinction between the growth rates of the two?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think you asked a production question and a growth question I think. Let's start with the production piece. The production, the new lines will actually make either in the United States were primarily focused on  well not primarily, we're focused on rigid because there's enough volume to use it. In Europe which hasn't moved as fast we're actually producing significant amounts of flexible because the marketplace isn't moving as fast as rigid as it is here. What was the second part?
John Baugh: So, Jeff, your focus  your production comment in the U.S. about 20% sequential from third quarter, was rigid?
Jeff Lorberbaum: That's on the rigid.
John Baugh: That was rigid. Okay. Thank you. And then secondly, the home centers are changing out their floors a little bit on what they're offering. Could you discuss how that impacted you, say, last year? And how you anticipate it impacting you this year with any focus on timing this year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Actually the timings be a subject on the home centers. John, you're talking about a particular category?
John Baugh: Well, we know they're deemphasizing carpet and to hard surface emphasis and I'm just curious as to what you're seeing how that's impacting your business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, they're trying to participate in all the flooring categories like everybody else. At the same time, they see the trend in LVT like products increasing. So they're giving them more space and reducing some of the space in the other ones while they still try to optimize the other product categories. And I would say that's probably similar for the entire marketplace.
Chris Wellborn: I know they're also relying on our domestic expertise on the ceramic side and we're doing quite a bit of work with the home centers.
John Baugh: Great. Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Hi, guys. Rest of World Flooring was a bright spot for you guys last year but you're seeing market conditions slow down a bit in Australia and Europe. How should we think about growth in that market in '19? And margin step back to wood, what drove that?
Chris Wellborn: Well, on the  particularly on the Godfrey Hirst, we've integrated Godfrey Hirst into our organization. The Australian housing market has weakened as we expected and we're responding. We're expanding our commercial carpet tile in that market. We're sharing best practices with the United States and we're closing inefficient assets. We're also bringing innovative products to the market and expanding our hard surface offering in that market.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The other sales in Europe the sales are moderating as the economies are. And we still have the highest growth in LVT and laminate. We're increasing prices in laminate to offset inflation over there. We're increasing our LVT sales with our expanding production. We have more sheet vinyl capacity in Europe because going forward we won't need it to supply the Russian marketplace as we go through. And we've increased the capacity in high-end laminate in both countries to allow us to expand those as we get through. A lot of it is going to depend on how the economies evolve over there and we're expecting them to be a little slower this year.
Philip Ng: Got it. Slower growth but you're still expecting growth at this point. Is that fair?
Chris Wellborn: It depends on which products, markets and pieces as you go through. I mean, they're all going to be different.
Philip Ng: Got it. And then just given all the moving pieces you've called out was raw mats ramping up new capacity Jeff, I think in the last call you mentioned that flat organic EBITDA growth was probably not a bad way to think about 2019. There's obviously been some puts and takes. Is that still a realistic goal? Or there could be some downside risk to that target at this point?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It depends where the economy is going, what's happening. I would say there's some downside risk to that given what we see in the housing markets and the general economies.
Philip Ng: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Maggie Wellborn: Hi. This is actually Maggie Wellborn on for Mike. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about sales mix by  like channel and product within your segments during the fourth quarter. And specifically did you see any shifts from the third quarter? And how do you expect it to play out in the first quarter of 2019?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I guess the biggest shift we saw was from the housing sales slowing down and new and existing home sales in the U.S. marketplace. As it slowed down, we felt the impact of it. Other things would be in Italy. They went into a recession, so we saw the same thing. We saw compression of the sales. And then as things slow down, you tend to see more price competition. On the other hand, in the United States market, in some of our categories as we raised prices, we saw some of the retailers trading consumers down to try to offset the higher prices in retail. So that also created a mix change, but I mean all the markets are unique in itself.
Maggie Wellborn: Okay. Thank you. And then just another question. You talked about increase in prices. I was just wondering what is your level of confidence in your ability to realize those better pricing in the first quarter and into 2019?
Frank Boykin: Again it's led by product by country. The carpet industry along with our sales, increased prices and they seem to be holding through the marketplace as we speak. We've announced an increase in ceramic which was helped by the increases in the tariffs and the large amounts coming in there. So we're expecting to be able to get those through as we go through where you go through different markets. In ceramic in Mexico we've raised the prices and we're expecting those to hold. We are very aggressive in Mexico and the lower price points last year because of the new capacity we've put in and pushing it through the marketplace. And on the other extreme, you have Italy where the volumes going down in the whole industry where there was new capacity put in the marketplace over the last year or so and the margins are being compressed and we're projecting the margins to be lower next year. And I mean  I don't know. In Russia, we're increasing prices in the Russian markets and expanding it. The Russian market has been a growth area for us. And we see it continuing for this year also.
Maggie Wellborn: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Stephen East with Wells Fargo.
Stephen East: Thank you, and good morning. First, you've talked about curtailing production in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. As you look at your business now, do you expect you'll be curtailing production beyond the first quarter? And if so, how long do you all think it last at least what you're seeing right now?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We believe we'll be increasing the production rates to match sales going through the year. We've been producing under the sales rate in many of the product categories. So the production rate should go up and help us.
Stephen East: Got you. Okay. And then I guess two things. On the LVT, how long do you think you all are at normal capacity utilization rates for a great type product? Is this a '19 event that you think you can get to? Or does that also stretch out into 2020? And then just quickly on your guidance for the first quarter if you wouldn't mind just rank ordering what are the biggest issues in your guidance that you gave?
Frank Boykin: The LVT we think that by the end of the year we should be operating the new lines at similar productivities and speeds as our older lines having worked through the technical challenges of it. So we think going into 2020, we'll have the lines operating at the levels we  at the productivity levels we expect. And I forgot the second part of the question.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think Stephen, you were asking about the risk in the first quarter guidance? Is that what you were asking?
Stephen East: No, just if you wouldn't mind, Frank, just rank ordering the issues in your guidance that's down year-over-year a bit more than fourth quarter just trying to understand if you would rank order what the biggest drivers of that decline was?
Frank Boykin: In the first quarter it would be the economy slowing in most markets. It would be housing under pressure in some regions. It would be the lower production rates due to the softer environment and it would be the higher-price materials slowing through as some of the sales levels were softer in the fourth quarter, it takes a little longer for the inventories to flow through.
Stephen East: Okay. Got you. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Justin Speer with Zelman & Associates.
Justin Speer: Thank you. First question for me just on the capacity utilization in these new plant. You mentioned the 20% production speed. Where is it today? And what is fully optimized in your definition?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The plants are running five days a week. They're running at much lower speeds than we anticipate them getting to by the end of the year. There are more interruptions from software, hardware, technical things that are being solved one after the other. There is training going on with each one. So we would expect that the production rates would increase, the downtime would decrease dramatically the  then you start working on things like the raw material inputs and how you reduce those. And you start working on other things of how to improve the product offering with more technical innovations. All have to happen as we go through the year. We think when we get to the end of the year and go into 2020 we'll be in a good position.
Justin Speer: If you were to kind of like pull back and look it like you have a lot coming at you. You've got raw materials coming at you. You've got macro issues. You've got LVT outgrowth issues. If you could kind of help  if you could help us unpack how much of the revenue and profit in terms of margin drag from inefficiencies that are being expressed in 2018 and potentially 2019. And where when you get those optimized how much margin improvement you could potentially enjoy as you get those out? Help us unpack that, because I think when you look at raw material, I'd say that was the bad guy in 2018. The other moving pieces, how much is just from being suboptimized?
Jeff Lorberbaum: There's multiple parts. So one part is the start-up costs. So the start-up costs were about $80 million in 2017. And we've said that start-up costs in 2018 will be $35 million to $40 million in the start-up costs. Now besides that, you have to get the productivity and the volume up. And the volume when you get up to 80%, 85%, the costs start dropping dramatically and the profits go up dramatically. And then the second part is as you start filling them up, you start selling more higher-value products and lower-value products you have. And depending upon the marketplace and what it is, the mix can be a big improvement as you go through once these things stabilize. So, I mean we're at all different places. This new plant making countertops in Tennessee I mean it's operating one shift now as it  one shift as we train the people and go forward, it's operating with very basic products. And that's totally different than it's going to be next year as we get through. So that's extreme on one side. In the sheet vinyl plant in Russia, it's operating on two shifts, as it. And we're having to go find new customers who never bought sheet vinyl from us and we're doing that. So, the question on that one is more about the ramp-up of it and how fast we can get cuts first to move versus technical problems and getting it started up for instance. And each one of these is unique and different. But it's balancing  when you go into new things, the good news is you're going at a new products and new geographies which is a big upside. But everybody doesn't wake up the next day and say they'll buy everything you can make when you haven't been in the markets before. So there's a lot of things that have to get laid out which is why you really have to think of it in long-term pieces as they ramp up. When they get ramped up and running full they'll all be running at the average of our margins for all of our businesses. That's the potential. Now the question is, is it going to happen in six months or two years in each one? I can't tell you.
Justin Speer: In view of the LVT kind of stopping and starting, is there any change in the economics of that business relative maybe to six or 12 months ago? You mentioned do you think margins would be better internally produced versus sourced? But in a no tariff scenario, are the fully landed economics still superior or at least as good as Chinese imports?
Jeff Lorberbaum: That's our plan.
Justin Speer: And lastly the productivity initiatives, the mix up and another productivity initiatives you mentioned, how should we think about the incremental contributions from those across your business in 2019?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You have to separate out the new projects from the existing ones. And existing one is going to be more determined about the economies and the competition and what it takes to run the assets in the marketplace. And we will have to adjust as they are. If the markets are good, the mix will be better. If the markets are bad, we'll sell more commodity stuff and the mix will go down. So it depends on how the whole markets evolve over time in each product and each country.
Justin Speer: Can I sneak one more in? LVT as a percentage of revenues, where is that in terms of the Flooring Rest of World and Flooring North America?
Frank Boykin: Well LVT once we have all the plants up and running, and fully optimized, we'll have manufactured sales in excess of $1 billion. And then in addition to that we will continue our sourcing strategy like Jeff mentioned earlier.
Justin Speer: Thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Frank, in the prepared comments, did you  in Flooring North America, did you say productivity was negative $37 million. Is that correct?
Frank Boykin: I did.
Keith Hughes: In this said quarter where it's been pretty notable negative number. Can you just describe what is going on and what caused that?
Frank Boykin: Yes, it was impacted this quarter again by lower manufacturing levels, high employee costs and then ramping up of the new products  new capital projects that we've got going on. It's going to continue, Keith, to lag  productivity will continue to lag in the first quarter with inefficiencies and higher costs. But we are expecting to see improvements as we move through the year in there.
Keith Hughes: Okay. And definitionally, in some of the other segments you called out the lower production the lower production volume as a separate item but it's lumped into this number here. Is that correct in Flooring North America?
Frank Boykin: No. Lower volume the margins associated with  the standard margins associated with lower margin or volumes are included in the volume number. But to the extent you've got higher unabsorbed overhead for example, that's going to show up in productivity.
Keith Hughes: Okay. So the shut  you talked about some shutdown numbers, that's something different. Is that correct?
Frank Boykin: Correct.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Is that just plant closures or what is it that number to find out?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well like in ceramic for example there's no plant closures but you may have lines down.
Keith Hughes: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Yes, good morning, everyone. Can you just talk about order patterns you maybe seeing in commercial non-res markets?
Chris Wellborn: Well at least  on the ceramic side where we've seen the commercial business slowly improve.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Is that we're seeing so far in the first quarter it seems like it's strengthening a little bit for us in all the different markets. So we'll have to see how it works.
David MacGregor: Is that really with respect to North America or is it...
Jeff Lorberbaum: That's a North American comment.
David MacGregor: Right. And is there anything to say about the European non-res commercial?
Chris Wellborn: I think we've seen it at least in Italy in ceramic it slowed a little bit than commercial had.
David MacGregor: Okay. And then what were the most important takeaways for you from the International Surface Event trade show?
Frank Boykin: Which trade show? One more time?
David MacGregor: Vegas, the International Surface Event trade show.
Jeff Lorberbaum: From what we hear from customers is that they are let's say cautiously optimistic really depending on what we see from the housing market.
David MacGregor: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Lee Nalley with SunTrust.
Lee Nalley: Yes, thanks for squeezing [ph] me in. Just regarding the share repurchases, it's not really big for you guys considering your cash flows but the $200 million roughly remaining, should we just expect that to be deployed as quickly as possible considering where your stock price is?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We'll continue purchasing it over time. And depending upon the market and what's going on, we'll act differently.
Lee Nalley: Okay. And then so one follow-up, just thinking about balancing the repurchases and your leverage, I guess, how  do you have a max target for your leverage? Or how high would you be willing to take your leverage?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Related to the stock purchase, we have approval from the Board to buy $500 million is the approval at this point. So to do different, we would have to go back to the Board and get a different piece. The leverage in the  our total leverage I mean in our history of it not-too-distant past, we've been comfortable going over three times, but we want to maintain our ratings with the rating agencies so we can continue to book to borrow money. So under the right circumstances and being able to pull the leverage down, we would leverage the company up some more.
Lee Nalley: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And we do have an additional question from the line of Christophe Van der with Value Square. Christophe, your line is open.
Christophe Van der: Hi, good morning. Thank you very much for taking my question. I would like to hear whether you could break out carpet in U.S? Hi, can you hear me? Okay, great. [indiscernible] My question would be regarding carpet, could you break that out? How much there is and how big that is in the U.S? And then also where do you see the carpet market going in the long term? Because carpet and rugs are somewhat of a declining market. So, I was wondering how market positioning itself in that market on the longer term and how you see that evolving in the long term? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The carpet category is approximately one-third of our total business.
Frank Boykin: Global business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Global business. And it's been declining over time. If you go back a while, it was 100% of our business. It's now one-third we expand into other categories. We would expect that the other categories would grow faster over time. It would continue to decrease as a proportion of the total. Are there any other questions?
Christophe Van der: Okay. And do you expect any further investments or will it really decline? Or do you expect to just go along?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The investments will be in line with what we think need to be competitive, bring new products to the marketplace and increase our efficiencies. But I would expect the investments in it to be lower than the other categories.
Christophe Van der: Thank you. And on ceramics I heard rumors that there are closures in the Dal-Tile stores. Could you elaborate a bit on that one because I was little bit surprised that I heard rumors that the ceramics market is suffering from the LVT. I thought the ceramics would be quite resilient through the entrance of LVT.
Jeff Lorberbaum: LVT has increased at a rate that's so high, that it's impacted the sales of every product category in the flooring industry. So they're all  they've all been lowered. And LVT is taking 100% of the flooring increase of the entire category. On our stores what we said was we've reduced the number of stores in markets where we had a number of stores and we could maintain the business with lower cost by redistributing the same business to fewer entities. And it's enabled us to reduce our SG&A costs.
Chris Wellborn: I would add that on the LVT so far it's been primarily as it relates to ceramic a U.S. phenomenon. And countries like Mexico, Brazil, Russia where labor is a lot less expensive, we haven't seen that.
Operator: And there are no further questions. I will turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum for any closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining us. We think we're in a good position for the future. And have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank Boykin - CFO & VP of Finance Jeffrey Lorberbaum - Chairman & CEO William Wellborn - President, COO & Director
Analysts: Michael Wood - Nomura Securities Justin Speer - Zelman & Associates Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan Chase & Co. John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Douglas Clark - Goldman Sachs Group Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group Matthew Bouley - Barclays Bank Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets John Lovallo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities Philip Ng - Jefferies Susan Maklari - Crdit Suisse Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Laura Champine - Loop Capital Markets David MacGregor - Longbow Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Katherine, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, October 26, 2018. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Katherine. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor conference call. Today, we'll update you on the company's results for the third quarter of 2018 and provide guidance for the fourth quarter. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jeff?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. In the third quarter, we generated sales of $2.5 billion, up 4% compared to the prior year. For the period, our adjusted operating income was $314 million or 12.3% of sales with an adjusted EPS of $3.29. In the quarter, start-up costs related to new capital projects were $20 million, in line with our plan. Our third quarter results fell short of our expectations. Sales growth in all segments was lower than our estimates. Price increases had less impact, and we experienced more inflation than predicted. Transportation costs continued to rise due to limited availability of common carriers and higher fuel prices. Additional manufacturing reductions were required during the period to control inventory. Our LVT sales were up significantly, but were constrained by internal production. Our margins were further impacted by a decline in product mix from customers trading down, import competition due to the strengthening dollar and higher volumes in channels which use lower-value products. In the U.S., we continued to execute additional pricing across most product categories to offset ongoing pricing inflationary pressures. Our LVT sales are expanding from both greater internal production and sourcing programs. We announced price increases on products that we import from China to pass through the new tariffs and other inflation. We are increasing our internal trucking to enhance service to our customers and control costs. Approximately 40% of our sales are outside the United States, and most of the major markets have experienced weakening. Sales growth in most of our European products slowed from the prior period, along with the economy, and margins were impacted by cost inflation and a weakening product mix. Though political uncertainty has led to a decline in the Mexican ceramic market, we are increasing our sales with product innovation and expanded distribution. In the period, the acquisition of Godfrey Hirst added revenues of approximately $70 million, even as the Australian market slowed due to lending restrictions and reduced exports to China. In our non-U.S. businesses, we are increasing prices as conditions permit, introducing innovative products, expanding our distribution and reducing our costs. We have many investments in new products and geographies that are in various stages of completion from presently being constructed to ramping up with limited utilization and lower product mix. Over time, these projects will progress from starting up with losses to a breakeven position and finally, to achieving our planned margins when sales productivity and product mix are optimized. The combined sales of these potential investments will exceed $1.2 billion and when optimized, should contribute margins similar to our existing businesses. Some benefits of these projects will be realized next year, but most will occur in 2020 and beyond when operating at anticipated levels. The projects already starting up are rigid LVT and premium laminate in the United States, ceramic in Mexico and rigid LVT, carpet tile, porcelain slabs, technical tile and premium laminate in Europe. Other projects under construction include quartz countertops in the U.S., porcelain tile in Poland and sheet vinyl premium laminate in Russia. Even as we addressed the current environment, we are positive about the long-term value of these investments and our sales and profitability. We are confident about Mohawk's position in the global market and our aggressive strategy to deliver long-term profits and returns. Our Board of Directors has approved a new plan to purchase $500 million of our company's stock. With that, I'll turn the call over to Chris to review the segments. Chris?
William Wellborn: Thank you, Jeff. For the quarter, our Global Ceramic segment sales decreased about 1% as reported to $886 million, with challenges from inflation, pricing pressures and lower growth in most of our markets. Adjusted operating income for the segment was approximately $119 million or 13.4% of sales. During the period, our U.S. volume expanded, while margins were pressured by price, mix and higher transportation costs. Increased competition from imports due to a strong dollar and the growth of LVT continued to impact the U.S. ceramic industry. We have announced a price increase to recover freight and are taking other actions to improve our mix and margins. We're expanding our larger-size tiles, increasing our technical porcelain collections and growing our porcelain slab offering. Our patented technology to enhance the durability in slips and falls is being well accepted in both residential and commercial channels. We're introducing commercial LVT into Dal-Tile's offering, and we are testing a number of new innovations which could be significant, including a patented technology to reduce the time and cost of ceramic installation and a patented porcelain roof tile system. We are improving our processes to make it faster and easier for customers to place orders and pick up their products. We're enhancing our regional galleries and local showrooms to increase our premium porcelain sales and commercial specifications. In addition, we have consolidated eight service centers and are improving the efficiency of our administrative and logistics organization. As an alternative to imports, we are increasing our direct sales to larger customers who buy in truckload quantities, enhancing their supply chain. To improve our inventory turns, we are presently manufacturing fewer units than we are selling, which is negatively impacting our costs. Next year, we anticipate that production levels will increase and approximate our sales level. Given the changing transportation market, we're revising our distribution strategy to lower our costs by reducing the number of stops we make on each trip. A limited amount of our U.S. ceramic sales is sourced from China, and we are raising prices on these collections to offset recent tariffs. The imports from China had been the lowest-cost alternative from around the world. Because of this, our competitive tile position will improve as U.S. tariffs rise even as purchases shift to other countries. In quartz countertops, the U.S. has initiated total duties of 44% due to tariffs and Chinese subsidies of these products. And additional penalties for dumping are expected. During the period, our countertop sales increased 15%, with quartz growing substantially more. Our quartz countertop manufacturing in Tennessee is preparing to start up in the fourth quarter. We have moved our quartz sourcing to countries that are not affected by tariffs. We should be well positioned to utilize our new quartz production as it ramps up over the next year. Even with the Mexican ceramic market declining this year, our sales have increased as we expanded our distribution and introduced additional innovative products. We are currently launching our 2019 collections to enhance our share, improve our mix and better utilize our new capacity. We've expanded our commercial sales organization to increase specifications in large projects with designers and end users. We continue to grow the sales for our products in Central and South America. Next year, our margins should increase in Mexico with better mix and higher volumes as our business expands. On October 15, we executed an agreement to purchase Eliane, one of the largest ceramic tile manufacturers in Brazil for approximately $250 million. Brazil is the world's third-largest ceramic tile market, where Eliane is a leader in the premium porcelain, with annual sales of about $215 million. We anticipate the acquisition closing in the fourth quarter. With additional investments from Mohawk, Eliane's strong management team will upgrade manufacturing assets, enhance product offerings and lower cost. Margins at our European ceramic business had been under pressure due to lower industry demand and pricing as well as increased inflation. To manage this, we've introduced more differentiated collections and expanded our commercial offering to improve our mix. Our commercial sales are expanding as we open new design centers and increase our specifications with a more direct sales strategy. In residential, we are increasing our larger-size offerings in porcelain slabs as well as introducing decorative small sizes and unique thin wall tile. We are realigning our sales force by market and channel to optimize our position in each segment. To broaden our distribution, we are offering exclusive programs for our large retailers. We are gaining traction with our new large slabs that were used in countertops, walls and floors. These slabs have industry-leading visuals and are easier to install than existing alternatives. In Bulgaria, we are enhancing our mix with larger sizes and moving into a new warehouse to improve our service and distribution cost. We are transitioning production of lower-value ceramic from Italy to our Polish and Bulgarian operations to improve our competitive position. We are increasing our productivity and reengineering our material formulations to lower our manufacturing cost. In the fourth quarter, we will decrease our production levels to align our sales and inventories for next year. In our Russian ceramic business, sales and volume improved but were partially offset by higher inflation. We have announced price increases of 4% to recover material and labor increases and the impact of a weaker ruble. In the period, our growth has been limited by our capacity, which we are increasing. We are expanding our design centers in major markets to increase our retail position and commercial specifications. Our differentiated products, commercial sales organization and national distribution have made us the leader in the premium commercial channel. In the third quarter, our Flooring North America segment sales were approximately $1 billion, increasing about 2%, with an adjusted margin of 9.9%, including start-up cost of $9 million. Sales and volume did not improve as we had anticipated, and mix declined from growth in polyester carpets, customers trading down and higher sales in lower-value channels. Our realized price increases have taken longer to implement and were lower than we anticipated in the quarter. We're seeing a greater impact from our price increases as we enter the fourth quarter. In the quarter, production on our new LVT line was lower than anticipated, but recent improvements have increased output more than 30%. Due to all of these factors, it will take longer than anticipated for our margins to improve. We have announced additional carpet price increases for the end of the fourth quarter to offset further material increases from rising oil and chemical prices. Given this extraordinary inflation, we are enhancing our processes to manage pricing and ensure a more consistent execution. Our new home construction in multifamily channels had the strongest performance during the period, and LVT continued to capture a greater share of the flooring market. We anticipate continued growth in LVT as our product offering expands, both with greater local production and sourced products. To better align our new European and U.S. LVT start-ups, the U.S. operation is now reporting to our European vinyl management, and we have transferred an experienced manager from Belgium to lead our U.S. operations. After initiating these changes, we are already seeing significant improvements in the processes and volume of our LVT production. In the U.S., we have successfully produced rigid LVT, which we'll begin introducing into the market. Our proprietary SmartStrand Silk Reserve and patented Air.O soft flooring and luxury Karastan collections are continuing to gain share of the premium market. Our waterproof RevWood flooring is gaining share in the retail, builder and home center channels with their superior visuals and performance features. Our consolidated residential sales management now coordinates all retail products, making it easier for customers to satisfy all of their needs with Mohawk. Our commercial sales improved as we progressed through the quarter, with hard surface sales significantly outpacing carpet. Our education, government and main street channels outperformed during the period. We're expanding our specialized sales forces to enhance our penetration in all channels. In the period, our sales backlog increased as we expanded the specifications for our innovative new offerings. We are consolidating multiple warehouses and closing two higher-cost manufacturing options - operations to improve our efficiencies. Our Flooring Rest of the World segment delivered third quarter sales of $612 million, an increase of 17% as reported or 19% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted margin for the segment was 15.8% of sales, including start-up cost of $8 million. As we moved through the quarter, overall market conditions softened. Our segment sales rose substantially with the recent acquisition of Godfrey Hirst. The segment's legacy growth was 4.6%, slowing from the second quarter's very strong results. In operating income, our higher sales and product mix improvements during the period were partially offset by currency headwinds and higher start-up costs. During the period, LVT led the segment's growth, along with insulation and wood panels. We are increasing prices in product categories impacted by inflation and currency headwinds. Our LVT sales grew significantly, even though our new LVT production was constrained as we started up our new line. Engineering solutions have been implemented on the new line, and daily output has risen about 30%. We anticipate continuing incremental improvements throughout 2019 until we match the performance levels of our existing LVT lines. We do not expect to fully load the plant at the optimum mix in 2019. We are producing additional rigid LVT collections to broaden our offering and enhance our market position. These new products feature state-of-the-art realism, dimensional stability and noise suppression. In laminate, our patented waterproof technology, combined with our unique surface textures, are enhancing our mix. The differentiated features and benefits we offer command a significant premium in the market. With our new Belgium production line, we are expanding the offering of these products. In Russia, a similar laminate production line is starting up, and we're introducing the same features to expand our distribution and capture greater share. Our European sheet vinyl business is operating at capacity, as we bring to market innovative residential and commercial products with easier installation methods. We have announced price increases of 4% to 7% to cover cost inflation. Our new Russian sheet vinyl plant will start up by the end of the year and provide more product to sell in Europe. Our new carpet tile plant is ramping up production, and we're expanding sales by increasing our sales force and customer base as we bring greater styling and value to the market. Our wood panels business continues to show strong results, driven by price increases and improved mix. Our manufacturing productivity has improved from investments we've made in our facilities. In the insulation business, demand for our products is increasing as material costs fall back to more normal levels. In both Australia and New Zealand, the integration of Godfrey Hirst is well under way. The Australian housing market has weakened because of stricter lending standards, higher mortgage rates and slowing exports to China. SG&A efficiencies are being created as we merge Godfrey Hirst's operations with our local Mohawk distribution businesses. We added new carpet tile capabilities to expand our commercial business in both markets, and we've started supplying raw materials from the U.S. to broaden our product offering and reduce cost. Operational best practices are creating new ideas to improve both our U.S. and Australian operations. I'll now turn the call over to Frank, who will cover our financial performance for the third quarter.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Chris. Starting with the income statement. Sales for the quarter were $2,546,000,000, growing 4% as reported, with our legacy business at 2% on a constant basis. Our Flooring Rest of the World segment had the strongest growth during the quarter. Gross margin as reported was 28.3% or 29%, excluding charges, and was down from 32.5% last year. Inflation of $63 million, higher start-up cost of $10 million, FX headwinds of $9 million and plant shutdowns of another $9 million offset increased volume of $29 million and productivity gains of $5 million. SG&A as reported was $433 million or 17% of sales. Excluding charges, it was 16.6% of sales and compares to 16.3% last year. Unusual charges during the quarter were $27 million and primarily were related to the Godfrey Hirst acquisition and plant consolidation. Our operating income, excluding charges, was $314 million or 12.3% of sales. That was down from 16.2% last year. Negative mix offset our price increases, and inflation of $69 million was a drag in the quarter. Higher volume of $17 million was offset by start-up costs of $14 million, FX of $6 million and $9 million for plant shutdowns. Our third quarter adjusted EBITDA was $445 million, and we estimate full year to be about $1.7 billion. The income tax rate improved to 18.8% from 27.6%, as the 2017 U.S. tax reform drove the overall rate down. We estimate a fourth quarter rate of 19%, and in 2019, a full year rate of 22%. Earnings per share, excluding charges, was $3.29, a decrease of 12% compared to the prior year. Turning to the segments. Global Ceramic had sales of $886 million, down 1% as reported, with our legacy business up 1% on a constant FX basis. Our Russian business reported the strongest growth in this segment. Operating income, excluding charges, was $119 million, with a margin of 13.4%, down from 16.8% last year. Inflation of $29 million and declining price and mix of $8 million was offset by $15 million of incremental productivity. In the Flooring North American segment, sales were $1,048,000,000, up 2% over last year. We had our strongest growth in LVT, which impacted most other product categories. Operating income, excluding charges, was $104 million, with 9.9% margin compared to 16.7% last year. Lower mix offset price increases with negative productivity of $24 million and inflation of $36 million, influencing our results. Productivity was impacted by lower manufacturing and efficiency levels and higher depreciation, employee cost and SG&A. Incremental start-up costs were $8 million. In the Flooring Rest of the World segment, sales were $612 million, up 17% over last year, with the business up 5% on a constant FX legacy basis. Operating income, excluding charges, was $97 million, with a margin of 15.8%, which was slightly less than 16.2% last year. Increased volume of $9 million and productivity of another $9 million, along with $6 million of higher price and mix, offset inflation of $4 million. Incremental start-up costs were $5 million during the quarter. In the corporate and eliminations segment, the operating loss, excluding charges, was $5 million. We expect the corporate expense to range from $30 million to $35 million for the full year. Then jumping to the balance sheet. Our receivables ended the quarter at $1,756,000,000, with DSO of 59 days in the third quarter. Inventories were $2,214,000,000. Inventory days ended at 118, which improved from 119 days in the fourth quarter of 2017. Inflation and backwards integration negatively impacted the calculations. Fixed assets were $4,586,000,000 and included capital expenditures of $145 million and depreciation and amortization of $133 million in the third quarter. We are estimating capital expenditures for the full year of 2018 to be $800 million, and depreciation and amortization is estimated at $520 million for the year. Next year, we estimate capital expenditures to range from $550 million to $570 million, and we anticipate D&A to be $570 million. We look at our long-term debt. Our balance sheet and cash flow remain strong. We had total debt of $2.9 billion, with our leverage at 1.5x debt to total EBITDA. We expect free cash flow of $450 million for the full year of 2018. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. We anticipate fourth quarter results continuing the soft trends we experienced in the third quarter. We expect sales to be slightly slower than the prior quarter in most markets and product categories. Even with price increases across the company, we will not offset inflation, and our results will remain under pressure. Our margins are being impacted by more competitive environments, declining product mix and lower manufacturing rates. We're introducing new products and executing cost reductions to improve our performance. In the U.S., we are expanding our internal transportation and optimizing our distribution. The Godfrey Hirst acquisition will benefit our results as we integrate our Australian and New Zealand businesses. Taking all this into account, our EPS guidance for the fourth quarter is $2.45 to $2.60, excluding any onetime charges. Based on this estimate, our EBITDA for 2018 will be approximately $1.7 billion. In the first quarter of 2019, we expect some improvement from the fourth quarter, with operating income of $225 million to $250 million. Presently softening market conditions, significant inflation and declining product mix are hurting our results. LVT has an opportunity to expand while also impacting the volume, mix and pricing of our other products in the United States. We're reacting to a stronger dollar, which has compressed our margins. Going forward, our results should improve as we align pricing and enhance our product offering. Our new investments are on track with construction start-up and acquisition of customers and will provide profitable returns when optimized. We will continue acquiring premier companies like Eliane to expand our offering and geographic presence. Mohawk is the largest flooring company in the world, with low-cost positions in our products. Mohawk's operational depth, innovative products and strong balance sheet provide competitive advantages to create long-term value. With that, we'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Michael Wood with Nomura Instinet.
Michael Wood: Jeff, I wanted to start with getting your opinion on a very high-level argument. As we sit here today, it looks like 2017 was really as good as it gets with high profit margins because of an ideal portfolio mix and pricing power and stable input costs. And now we're in an era of these increased import competition, cost inflation and excess capacity and perhaps declining flooring demand outside of LVT. So what's your perspective on that argument? Why - is it wrong? And are you managing the business to that "best days are behind us" philosophy?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We're going through temporary conditions where you have inflation and the dollar strength and the market conditions, as you said, are negatively impacting it. It has taken us longer to align our pricing with the cost structures than we had expected, and we're adjusting those as we can with price increases everywhere. I think, as we look forward, it will take us this next year to adjust to it. But I think we're putting the right things in place to expand our business. We haven't got the benefit of all these investments we've been putting in, in different categories which, when we get the volume up to a certain level with the right product mix, will significantly enhance our long-term profits. We believe that the profitability of the existing businesses will improve over time and get back closer to where they were.
Michael Wood: Okay. And then maybe a specific question. The $24 million productivity - negative $24 million productivity in Flooring North America. I'm assuming that's a net productivity. Is that correct? And what do you think the normal Flooring North America run rate productivity can be when growth stabilizes? And I'm curious on what it'll look like when you begin to lap the heavy destocking period in 2Q to 4Q 2019.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So productivity was impacted by lower manufacturing levels and efficiencies, higher employee costs, depreciation, higher SG&A and even some uncovered freight, among others. In the productivity, anything that gets worse ends up in the productivity category. We think it'll continue to lag in the near term, but we expect it to improve over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Speer with Zelman & Associates.
Justin Speer: I just - unpacking that fourth quarter guidance a little bit more and in thinking about the big - particularly in the third quarter, this productivity line. I think most - and I think you were looking for that to improve from the $3 million drag in the second quarter. And then you look to the fourth quarter, the guidance implies about 500 basis points plus of margin degradation year-over-year across the business. So I guess, unpack that Flooring North America piece, how much of that is that productivity continuing into the fourth quarter? And then maybe what's your implied margin guidance across the rest of your businesses? Because it seems we need some handholding around how you're going to exit the year and how to shape that as we think about next year in terms of the margin profile and your math as best you can provide it.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We anticipate continuous soft trends as we go into the fourth quarter, with sales slightly slower. We are continuing to assume that the price increases will lag our raw material inflation. In various markets, as - such as in the U.S., as the markets have slowed somewhat, we're seeing more competitive environments. We have declining product mix, and we're assuming lower manufacturing rates all the way through. With this, we're increasing prices further in almost every product and marketplace. We're putting out new products that'll have higher margins, and we're executing cost reductions to improve where we are. But it will take time to change the margin.
Justin Speer: So in thinking about the price - so we have tariffs rolling in, we have productivity drag - or you have productivity drag, particularly in Flooring North America, that should continue into at least the next couple of quarters. Thinking about getting price, how are you going to be getting price in a down volume environment and then maybe couch that with what you're seeing with tariffs? How, maybe, much price you're going to be requiring to get versus maybe your competition across your businesses?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The costs in most of our product categories demand that we increase the prices. And we believe, from the announcements of the other competitors, that there's increases going on in those. The tariffs are - have limited impact so far, but there are increases in Chinese imports announced by others in the marketplace, which should help us implement a price increase in ceramic at the end of the year. The tariffs could rise to the 25% level in January. We think there's a reasonable probability they'll go in because we don't see the countries reaching a rational compromise. So as those occur, they should help improve our manufacturing positions in addition.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI.
Stephen Kim: So in addition to some of the longer-term questions that obviously people are going to want some handholding on. I guess, one of the aspects that I wanted to zero in on your term was the inventory dynamic. I think you had indicated that you think that sales would be a little lower in the 4Q. I wanted to clarify, did you mean down year-over-year? And I assume you mean down like low single digits year-over-year in 4Q. And then on - but within inventory specifically, I was hoping that you could help us understand or break down what we see in the overall inventory number because it still seems kind of high. In other words, are there big pieces, like was there a buildup of LVT ahead of some launches? Was there - is there any kind of acquisition impact from that inventory that you can break out for us? Or can you break out the inventory build internationally, let's say, versus domestically. Anything that you can give us regarding the inventory and the likelihood that, that will come down relatively quickly would be very helpful.
Frank Boykin: First, Steve, I just wanted to clarify. You had said sales would be down in the fourth quarter. Is that what you said? Was that...
Stephen Kim: I thought that was what Jeff had just said, but clarify me if it's wrong.
Frank Boykin: No. No, we don't expect sales...
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I said sales would be softer. But what's happening is we are cutting back on the production of the piece because at the third quarter, we started cutting back. And we're assuming it's going to be softer going into next year. So we're being more aggressive in the production rates going into the end of the year. Let me get some of it. And Frank, you can fill in the rest. What I'm saying also is that with the raw material inflation, you have the raw materials hitting the balance sheet before the sales prices have gone up. So the inventory turns get worse because the raw materials have increased, and it's showing up in the inventory dollars, in addition to having nothing to do with the units as the prices go up.
William Wellborn: Stephen, I would just add that we're increasing some of the source materials, like an quartz, for example, and we're taking down our manufactured inventories.
Frank Boykin: And that was a long question. Did we leave something out there, Steve?
Stephen Kim: Well, in particular, I'm looking for some numbers, either ratios or something that can give us a sense for what we can - how - because that's ultimately what I think The Street needs, is some confidence around your 4Q and 1Q guidance because we're starting to establish a scary pattern here, where we're sort of getting disappointments on guidance. And so one of the key aspects is your inventory issues - your inventory seems to be continuing to build even though that's something which I know you've been trying to address. So we just want to get a sense of are you being conservative enough in your sales expectation in 4Q and 1Q? And why do we feel confident that the inventory build is going to turn the other way and, therefore, not create all these other problems in 1Q? So it would be helpful if we could get some numbers around what the inventory build looks like, let's say, in the U.S., for example, or breakout pieces that were sort of not part of the regular flow.
Frank Boykin: The inventories are expected to go down in the fourth quarter. And we would expect to continue to see improvement in our inventory turns as we move to the next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut: First, just a question on the $1.2 billion of sales that you expect from all your different new investments over the next year or two. I just wanted to get a sense, the $1.2 billion numbers seems to be a little bit lower than the $1.4 billion, I believe, that you've talked to in the last year or 2. I just want to understand what - if that's correct, what the difference is there. And also, from a timing perspective, how are you thinking about that $1.2 billion fully coming online and "being optimized" so that you can generate margins similar to the business? Would that - is that more of a 2020, 2021 event? Any thoughts around when do you think those investments could get up to full strength would be helpful.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Okay. The difference in the numbers comes from two places. Some of the projects, we have moved out of this additional piece and into the other. We've been talking about this for about two years, so as some of the projects have been moved over. The second is the stronger dollar has impacted the translations of the sales back into U.S. dollars as the dollar has strengthened, is it - so that's the difference in the two. All of the projects are in all kinds of different states. In the remarks we sort of talked through, there are certain ones that are along in the process. There's other ones that are just getting started as you go through. They're all in various stages of completion and ramping up. Then with each of the investments, it depends on the cost of starting and stopping it. In some cases, we go out and sell it at lower margins to try to get the volume going through it, which doesn't help the profitability, but it gets the thing started up faster. In other cases, if the costs are lower, we will ramp it up as we put the sales on in each other. So in all the cases, they go through the stage where you're first underutilized and the mix is poor. Then they get to a point where there's enough volume going through it that they move from a loss to a breakeven, give or take. And then it usually takes at least a year to get the volume up where you want. And then the next year, we start working on the mix between the two. So it takes periods of going through them depending upon - they're all in different spots a little bit as we start. Some haven't even gotten finished coming out of the ground yet. The new quartz plant in Tennessee, which is going to get helped by all the tariffs that are going on and countertops, the tariffs are for Chinese assisting their suppliers. And there could be future dumping charges on top if they're already up high. That should help us fill up the plant faster, for instance. But all the projects have to go through this process, which is - it takes several years to get them to the optimized point.
Michael Rehaut: Jeff, I appreciate the color there. Second question, just maybe a couple of points of clarification, again, on forward guidance. In terms of 4Q, when you say the sales slightly slower than the previous quarter, do you mean sales less going down sequentially? But should we still expect sales growth up sales growth year-over-year just - but you're talking about sales declining sequentially? And then in terms of first quarter, with the operating income guidance, does that reflect any of the pricing that you're talking about, trying to set in motion with the additional price increases as you try and offset some of the headwinds?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So the sales, we meant that the sales rate relative to the third quarter would be lower because we're seeing softening trends in many of the markets as we go through. Is it - and then what was the rest of the question?
Frank Boykin: Rest of the question?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: What's the other part? I forgot.
Frank Boykin: I think he's gone.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh with Stifel.
John Baugh: I was curious on the guide on Q1 improving. I think it was an EBIT guide. Are you saying that the Q1 EBIT will be above Q4 EBIT?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The guidance, I think, was saying that the decrease in - relative to the prior year would improve over the fourth quarter.
John Baugh: Okay. So that's not saying EBIT in Q1 will be higher than EBIT in Q4?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Q1 is always a much lower volume than the fourth quarter, and I don't think we're going to change that.
John Baugh: Okay. Jeff, on LVT and in pricing, I'm curious as to what you're doing, what you're seeing your competition do currently. We've got the 10% in place. And then you've got to contemplate if you're importing the stuff, the 25% at this even as early as now. Do you think if we see materially higher LVT pricing as we go into next year that, that will slow down the rate of growth of that product or not? And I'm curious as to how you think about that and then how that may or may not impact the rest of your business in the U.S.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The tariffs, it takes a while for the marketplace to adjust to the changes. And in the marketplace, some people have raised it already. I'm not sure all have at this point because of some inventory pieces, but I think most are going up. If the tariffs go up to 25%, you're going to change the value relationship of it versus other products in the marketplace. And it should have an impact on its use in the marketplace relative to where it is and should change the growth rate and change the alternatives for it. And people may start using other things more. But we'll have to see. But again, it won't happen like a light switch. It's going to have to change over time.
John Baugh: Okay. And I was curious, Jeff, on the ceramic installation patent that, I believe, you discussed in your release. What - is there any way to - what is it? What are you doing? How revolutionary is it? And maybe your ceramic install cost X per square foot, this process would cost Y per square foot. Some kind of reference to what it is you're doing there.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It hasn't hit the market yet. We've been testing it for a period of time. It looks like it's going to work. We have a small production starting up that we're starting ready to introduce it. What it does is when you put in ceramic, it usually takes at least two days to prep the floor, put it in and go to different stages to get the job done. This will cut the time in half by at least half, and you can get the whole job done in a day that would take you two days. Is it - and so the product's going to cost more, but the total install cost should be a benefit and it should cut the time significantly. So we think it has an opportunity to make the industry more competitive and make it easier to train people to install it. And we're on the initial stages of it today, but we think it's going to help the industry be more competitive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes: A question on inventory and production rates. On the inventory, it was up about 16% year-over-year. Can you kind of separate how much of that was units and how much of that was from the inflating raw materials? And then, I guess, as we look at production rates in your current planning, I assume it's worse - I assume it's lower in the fourth than the third. What are you looking to begin the year? Does that flatten out in the first quarter?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We don't have the units and volume here to give you. The fourth period will be significantly higher than the third quarter going into it and in multiple markets and product categories, as I said, as we go into next year with a lower expectation of the volume. And I forgot the last part of your question.
Keith Hughes: Sorry, so you're saying production - you're lowering your production capacity?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We're lowering the production below the selling rates in the third quarter. And then I'm hesitating a little bit, the first quarter is always a slower quarter, so it's typically - we don't run as hard in the first quarter, in general, just because it's always lower.
Keith Hughes: When I say in the fourth quarter, it will be a slower production period than the third, correct?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Yes. In the United States, we have been running the ceramic underneath the sales rate for a period of time, lowering the inventories in it. But - and come next year, we expect to run the rates aligned with our selling.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Clark with the Goldman Sachs.
Douglas Clark: The first one is on the U.S. LVT facility and then actually the new European one as well. How loaded are those at those - at this point? I know you mentioned that 30% increase in the capacity, but I guess, I'm just circling a little bit because I don't know what that base is off of ultimately. So where are we in getting that fully ramped up and utilized?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: You're dealing with a process that has never been run before and going through. So it's - what happens is you start up the plant running at slow speeds with very simple products. And then over time, you keep speeding it up and you keep adding new products to it. It's not unusual as you go to each incremental stage that something that worked at a slower speed or with less things going on, that things don't work as they're supposed to. And you have to adjust things. What we had in the quarter, we had both software problems, that the software as we tried to speed it up and make it work, the software was not talking to itself properly, and we also had physical mechanical failures where things broke and we had to replace them. These are normal things as we go through. What we believe is that we'll keep going through these incremental changes all through next year and by the end of next year, the production lines should be operating at the capabilities that we expect. Even with that, you're still increasing the market, and you're still adding product to it. So I don't know if - as these things incrementally pick up, it takes time to balance the increased speeds with an increased output with the sales. So you're adjusting the sales strategies. And then typically, you're also - the product mix, when you start, is lower. And we probably will be working more on the product mix in 2020, as it - as you've gotten it settled down and you're putting higher-value products, the product mix will change, So you won't - we won't get the full benefit until sometime in 2020.
Douglas Clark: All right. That was super helpful. And then just in terms of the 1Q guide, I was curious, number one, does that include the acquisition Eliane? And then also, does that include the 25% tariff and the costs potentially associated with the source product on that?
Frank Boykin: It does not include the accretion from Eliane.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: And it doesn't include anything for the tariffs since we're not sure that - what's going to happen. And then if the tariffs are put in, again, it's not going to happen overnight. The market just isn't going to flip from one to something else in 1.5 minutes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson: First, focusing on margins and understanding there have been a lot of puts and takes, the margin impact in the quarter by reporting segment and by geography. But first, focusing on Flooring North America. We just had the widest and most consistent step-down in adjusted profit margin in 28 this year. So stepping back and looking at the force for the fees, how much of the Q3 and the year-to-date impact is driven by investments or plant start-up, inflation, lower volumes or the other - the other headwinds that you've laid out in the prepared commentary. And really the spirit of the question is to understand what are the internal issues of the controllables versus external and how these can be managed more effectively going forward.
Frank Boykin: Kathryn, the two largest headwinds in the third quarter for the North American segment were, like I mentioned, $35 million of inflation and then the negative productivity of $23 million. We had shutdowns that hit the P&L for about $4 million, and then we had incremental start-ups that hit us for about $8 million. But the two largest were productivity and inflation. And we're - as Jeff said, we are putting in a fourth price increase at the end of this year to help continue to offset inflation, introducing new products to help with mix.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The mix has been a significant piece as the - our sales have traded down from higher-value, more differentiated products with higher margins to lower-margin products as some of our customer base tries to hold price points in the marketplace. And then the other part of it is we have sold more in lower-value categories, so our sales in multifamily and builder, which is lower-value products at lower margins, has increased relative to the total versus the remodeling business on the other side, is it, which is the LVT's impacted the remodeling business at a greater amount.
Kathryn Thompson: Before I move to my follow-up question, just to clarify, it sounds like these are more - the majority are more internal-focused and fixable versus external. Is that a - would that be a fair statement?
Frank Boykin: We've still got the pricing and the mix that we've got to address, and some of that has external influences.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It's a combination of both.
Kathryn Thompson: Yes. Just on ceramic, how much of trading down on products, in terms of that mix that you talked about, is being impacted by large home builders shifting from ceramic product to lower-priced LBT. And do you see this as a trend going forward? And any thoughts you have about that shutdown from a mix shift for ceramic to LBT?
Frank Boykin: The margin on ceramic is impacted by LBT and the pricing. But it's also being impacted by our mix, we're selling more into the builder channel, for example. And the other thing that's impacting our margin is higher freight cost which we've not been able to recover in pricing. We are taking a price increase in the fourth quarter that should help us a lot.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So part of it is that we are taking a larger share of lower-value products as the ceramic industry has slowed down. So that's part of the mix shift. And then this freight piece that he talks about, the freight part we sell ceramic all landed. And we haven't recovered the freight. But we think with the tariffs and pieces, it offers us an opportunity to recover part of the cost.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley with Barclays.
Matthew Bouley: So on the price side, Jeff, you've generally been successful in mostly offsetting inflation historically. So could you just elaborate on what is different this time? Why is there seemingly limited ability to improve pricing here? Is it really that mix is just a full offset or - I mean, ultimately, what visibility do you have to getting traction on the pricing side?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Two things. One is on the carpet side, the amount of it and the frequency of it has made it difficult to continue to get them through there. It's made it harder to read the competition and to react in the marketplace as we go through. And then they all don't go in on day one, they flow in overtime as you go through. So all those things have made it more difficult than usual. And because of the amount of changeover time, it's increasing the amount of trading down to lower-priced products to keep the price point which is also affecting the mix, which is offsetting a lot of the price increase. On the ceramic side, the biggest impact is this cost of freight. It is heavy and you move it, and the U.S. freight rates have been going up dramatically. And with the dollar strengthening, we haven't been able to recover all of the pricing. But we think we're going to get more of it in the fourth quarter than we have all year. And at the same time, we've talked about the same thing going on with mix. As the volume has been impacted in the United States, we're selling more lower-value products, all of which end up impacting the margins. And it all looks like price, but it's not all exactly price.
Matthew Bouley: Okay. Second question just on productivity in North America. Jeff, you made the comment that several items, obviously, end up in North American productivity. So I mean, is the suggestion that really you need to see a volume recovery there to kind of see that swing around? I guess, in other words, I mean, what would be the right way to think about the level of volumes you would need to return to generating productivity in that segment?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The productivity is impacted by the unit volumes, but there are also other inefficiencies of things going on as we go through. We talked about even some of the freight charges end up in productivity. If they're not billed to the customer, they end up as a difference in last year versus of this year internal cost, which ends up in productivity. So I think the productivity will improve over time, but it's not going to improve tomorrow.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Dahl: The first question goes back to the topic of kind of a trade-down effect in pricing. I guess, I'm curious, just the pricing has been consistently met over the last couple of quarters, at least with this trade-down effect. As you're thinking about kind of customer behavior and what you're hearing back from the customer, what gives you the confidence that this will improve as you look at your 2019 pricing actions? And ultimately, the second part of this is, you've talked about slower growth, but do you expect organic growth to be positive in '19?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We expect to get more price increase in all the different product categories, and every dollar we get helps improve the margins and offset the raw materials that we have. So we're expecting that to better align as we go through. We're taking actions with the new products to put out products that have higher margins, which should help it. But selling lower-value categories will continue in the piece from where it is today. I don't see that changing as we try to operate the business and get whatever share we can in the marketplace as we go through.
Frank Boykin: 2019 sales growth.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We expect it to be up.
Michael Dahl: Okay. And I guess it...
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: One more thing. Part of the up to though, with the margins, all these new pieces we talk - I've gone over a few times of how they go. So in some cases, the volume's going to go up, but the margin's going to lag until the plants hit the cost structures they need and the mix.
Michael Dahl: Well, that's my second question, Jeff. Because if you look at the 1Q guide, your operating income down about $60 million year-on-year. You've made those comments consistently through the call about this is still going to be a transition year. 2020 is the optimization year. And so if you think about that where you're positioned after 1Q, again to try to put a finer point on things, do you expect operating income to improve in 2019 versus 2018 in dollar terms?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The business - I think what we try to put forward is that the business will continue to be pressured next year, that the prices will not cover all the mix, inflation and pressures that we've been talking about. That - we have said that the income in the first quarter will be down. Over time, we expect the pricing mix and inflation to be better aligned. But the industry pressures across the market would have to improve for us to exceed 2018 earnings next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America.
John Lovallo: The first one on the CapEx guide for 2019 of 550 to 570. That's a pretty good step-down, kind of brings you back to 2014, 2015 levels. Now I realize that the past couple of years have been elevated given some of the spend. But are you guys delaying any spending in 2019, given what you're seeing in the market?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: First is a portion of that is still paying for those new investments. Even though the equipment's put in, typically, you pay for it in some time to make sure it does like it's supposed to. So there's lags in the investments. So it could be 20% or more of next year's budget's paying for the stuff that's going in, in the third and fourth quarter of this year. So the ongoing pieces, you have to take those out. And then if you look at the other parts, almost all the investments were very little going into increasing capacity anywhere is going into improving efficiencies. And then you have the normal maintenance and things you have to invest in as a typical thing. But that's the big chunk, so...
John Lovallo: Okay. And then next question is just on your - the $500 million of repurchase authorization put in place. How quickly can you guys get in the market? And how aggressive do you intend to be given where the stock is?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We think the stock is undervalued, and we - the window opens on Monday. And we plan to be in the market, purchasing stock.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East with Wells Fargo.
Stephen East: The first question. I guess if you look at your major product categories, how much are raw materials roughly up year-over-year? And then here in late October, I know you're still seeing raw materials go up. But if inflation stopped today on those major products, how long would it take you all, do you think, to get flush with your pricing versus how much raw materials have gone up?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: If inflation stopped today, I would hope that we would get most of the increases through in the first quarter and be more aligned. But some of the things are at different levels than they were. You got - I got to keep putting apart, one's inflation and one is this change in the channel mix and change in the product mix that we're doing. So as we go through the market, we are changing - the average value of the products is lower and the average margin on the lower mix is lower. So it's a combination of both. The mix won't change even if we could magically get rid of the inflation today, which is causing the compression.
Stephen East: Yes, sure. I appreciate that. And then the other thing I had is sort of a compound question. If you look at the U.S. end markets, are you seeing - could you sort of give us an idea of which ones are behaving the worst, which one's behaving the best? And then if you look at your cap utilization rates right now of your major product categories, however you want to answer it, whether it's at what level are you running today, or how much below a normalized level, like maybe earlier this year you're running - just so we can have some magnitude of what type of capacity flexibility you may have as we go through '19.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: You guys are asking the questions so long, by the time I get to the end, I get confused what the questions were.
Stephen East: Exactly. The first one's the U.S. end markets, what are you seeing?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Okay. The U.S. markets, what's happened is that a large part of the remodeling business is being impacted more, so the retail remodeling business, there's more pressure on the other products as LVT takes a bigger share, in that one versus the others. So you're seeing less of it in the new construction and the multifamily. But it's there, but it's not at the same levels as that one. So that's probably about what's happening with the channels. And the second half was?
Stephen East: The second half, just looking at your major products, where your capped utilization rates are right now and trying to understand how much flexibility and expansion you may have as you go into '19, ignoring your CapEx that you're putting in place. Just really trying to understand how much you've had to pull back from, say, where you were earlier this year.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I mean, all the different product categories, if you say LVT took 100% of the industry growth, and everything else is about even. And then we're seeing lower unit volumes in most of them. So all of them are being cut back everywhere. And that's where you see us moving into lower-value products, which we might not have taken as much of in prior years or period, that's compressing the mix, and they're all interrelated.
Frank Boykin: Steve, in some cases, like ceramic, we're taking down in the fourth quarter, both in the U.S. and Italy because it's the most economical time to take out inventories for us.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: You can't start and stop those. You have to stop them for a significant periods of time. So we're stopping and going into the fourth quarter even more.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Can you provide some color how to think about some of these start-up costs for '19 versus '18 and the cadence of that? And how we should think about productivity for next year, assuming you're done drawn down production? Because as you kind of highlighted, you still have a handful of projects that are coming up late this year, early next year.
Frank Boykin: Start-up costs will be down significantly next year. It could be down as much as 50% from what it ran for the full year this year.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Can you give him an estimate for next year?
Frank Boykin: No, I think, this year, as we said, it's going 65 to 70, so it could be half of that next year.
Philip Ng: And what about on the other productivity targets? Do you have a good handle on that?
Frank Boykin: I think the best we can say right now is it should improve as we go through the year, particularly once we get out of the first quarter.
Philip Ng: Got it. And Jeff, I just want to confirm I heard you correctly. So you're expecting organic growth to be up next year. But given some of these headwinds you called out you're seeing in the market, a couple of price costs, you're expecting legacy EBITDA and legacy EBITDA margins to be down year-over-year in 2019 until most things kind of inflect from here?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: You have this mix change that I keep talking about, about selling more lower-value products, which is impacting the margins. And that's going to continue for the foreseeable future. On the other hand, we do expect to get the pricing more aligned than it has been. So that's going to help. And then the industry will have to see where it goes. I'm still assuming the industry's going to be up next year.
Philip Ng: Okay. Are you planning to roll out any bigger initiatives to take out more costs, ratchet head count and just potentially even push out some of these growth projects given increased competition and slower growth in general?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We're going to continue working on the costs of all our businesses. And we've taken various actions, some of them we talked through already. We consolidated a couple of service centers. We are taking out some older cost assets as we speak. We're consolidating some warehousing in different parts of the country. We continue to increase the efficiencies and production of all the different businesses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari with Crdit Suisse.
Susan Maklari: My first question is around - there's obviously been some sense that markets have slowed globally. You noted Europe as well as the U.S. Is there anything that feels different to you in terms of the - perhaps the outlook for one region versus the other? Do you expect more growth to come through next year in the U.S. or in Europe versus the other?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I'm not so sure my ouija board is any better than yours at guessing the future. I can say that like Mexico, Mexico, last year, the ceramic business grew double digits. This year, it's negative. I have no idea what's going to happen with the NAFTA behind and where it is. We believe it's going to get better, for instance. In Europe, the first half of the year was stronger, and we've seen weakening across almost all the markets. As we go through, there's a lot of political things making people uncomfortable. And I'm not sure how they're going to translate into next year's growth, and in particularly on all parts and pieces. In our ceramic business, we have a large business in Italy, and there's all kinds of confusion over the political environment as it goes through. So at the moment, we're just assuming all of them are going to be somewhat softer. But I can't tell you that we have any insight that's going to tell us how much or what's going to happen.
Susan Maklari: Okay, that's helpful. And then in terms of the Eliane acquisition, Brazil's obviously a market that you've talked about for a while. Why did you decide that this was a good time to get into this? And how should we think about the growth that may be that can sort of add to your business over time?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We've looked in Brazil for a long period of time, and we've talked to a lot of companies. And the ceramic industry had gone through a downturn, and it's coming out of it. We think that it's improved, and that allowed us to come to an agreement with one of the companies that we think is one of the best down there in Brazil.
William Wellborn: Yes. I would just add that we've had discussions with Eliane probably 15 or 20 years. The - it's an excellent family, excellent management team. They have the number two position in Brazil, which is the - a huge market and has the best brand in the market.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So we think it gives us a good position to grow from. And we started in Europe, and we bought one business in Italy. And now we have positions in Italy, Spain, Bulgaria. We're building one in Poland. So it's a large market where ceramic is really strong, and we're hoping that it will give us a foothold to expand the business much better. Their business has always been constrained by capital, and we think we can provide them more capital and we can help them beyond that. So it seems like an opportunity to expand on a long-term basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Loop Capital Markets.
Laura Champine: Jeff, it's about the trade-down you're seeing with customers. Can you give us a little history lesson of when the last time was that you saw a trade-down of this magnitude across your businesses? And how long it took you to recover and what it tells us about where we are in the cycle?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So normally - there's two parts. One is you have - you always have trading down when you have inflation. So whenever you have high rates of inflation, you see trading down as people try to maintain price points in pieces. Now usually, the inflation amount, it doesn't - isn't as great as this, so there's more trading down going on. At the same time, you see a channel mix change with us, whereas LVT - this one's different as LVT is taking more of the growth in the normal channels, we are getting more volume in lower-value price points. So that's not a normal circumstance in this. Normally, we would have that circumstance in a recession, and it's not for the same reason. In a recession, we try to optimize our price mix and maximize our margins when business is good. In a recession, what happens is we start taking lower-value, lower-return products to keep the assets running. So this time, it's caused more because the industry volume is more. And then all this together then changes the competition in the marketplace as everybody's reacting to the situation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: It's been a long call. I'll keep it to one question. But Jeff, just a strategic question on ceramic. I guess if the market's shifting to a greater degree of import sourcing, does it make sense for Mohawk to begin supplying the U.S. market with your foreign capacity maybe over the longer term, because I know you got a lot on your plate right now, but over the longer term investing sort of foreign nontariff export platforms that can you allow you to more competitively serve all segments of the U.S. market?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We have - with the prior moves in Europe, with Bulgaria, we have a - Bulgaria is the lowest labor area in all of Europe, and it could be one of the lowest ones in the world. We have Brazil, which is a lower one which is new. We're in Mexico, which is also low. So - and we have Poland, which is also low. Now on the other hand, ceramic has high freight so we can - it's not that we can't compete. It's that our margins are less. As the dollar strengthens, our cost positions allow us to compete, except the competition is reducing our margins. And we try to balance the volume with the pricing that we do.
William Wellborn: Yes. I would say in every market, we are the low-cost producer and we have the best product offering and the best distribution in every market that we're in. The strong dollar in the U.S. is causing imports to be more competitive than they normally would. But even in the U.S., we're a low-cost producer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard: Two questions. First of all, the competitive dynamic you're talking about in the U.S. regarding the LVT and imports, how do you feel about that happening in Europe in a similar way?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Europe is a totally different market, and it reacts different. And then you can't really even talk about Europe as a whole because each country and the dynamics and where they're located are different. The U.S. is used by a lot of countries as the dumping ground and has always been. In ceramic, I think 50-something percent of the ceramic sold in the United States historically comes from somewhere else. So we're used to competing in this environment with it as you go through. In Europe, you have a different set of dynamics. So our European business out of Italy is based on mid- to high, and we have very little sales in low coming out of our Italian operations. Different than our Bulgarian operations. They focus mostly on the mid- to low end, and we're expanding capacity to ship more into the rest of Europe from Bulgaria. But that's not our core business as you go through. But in Europe, in the last 1.5 years or two, they have increased the production of ceramic. And then what happened is the ceramic industry has slowed down, so the competitive nature of the market has changed in the last 4 or 5 months from where it has been. And we're having to react with pricing as well as other things in the marketplace. But in LVT it is not accepted and it's not as broad as it is here. You get down into the southern part of Europe, I mean, they've been using ceramic in huge quantities for thousands of years. It's embedded in their culture. And again, each market's a little different. So we don't expect that LVT will reach the same levels, but it's increasing. And we are one of the largest participants in it over there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that is all the questions we have for today. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing comments.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We have temporary conditions that we're adjusting to. Our business' investments will improve our margins and our profitability over time, and our new investments will be optimized when we get the volume and mix where we would like it. We're well positioned for the long term. In the short term, we're really focused on improving our margins in the various businesses. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank H. Boykin - Mohawk Industries, Inc. Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc. W. Christopher Wellborn - Mohawk Industries, Inc.
Analysts: Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI Justin Andrew Speer - Zelman & Associates Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Matthew Bouley - Barclays Capital, Inc. John Lovallo - Bank of America Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC Susan Maklari - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Mason Marion - Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Laura Champine - Loop Capital Markets LLC John Allen Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robert Aurand - Longbow Research LLC Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Alvaro Lacayo - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Good morning. My name is Crystal, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries First Quarter (sic) [Second Quarter] 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, July 26, 2018. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank H. Boykin - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries second quarterly investor conference call. Today, we'll update you on the company's results for the second quarter of 2018 and provide guidance for the third quarter. I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Thank you, Frank. In the second quarter, we generated sales of $2.6 billion, up 5% compared to the prior year. For the period, our adjusted operating income was $343 million, or 13.3% of sales with an adjusted EPS of $3.51. Our second quarter results fell short of our expectations and we are taking actions to improve the performance of our U.S. businesses. With the overall economy, our results were negatively impacted by input inflation, higher transportation costs, a stronger dollar and a tight labor market. We were also affected by changing product mix, timing of price increases, lower production units, startup of new projects and the delayed Godfrey Hirst closing. We are raising prices, expanding and growing channels and participating in new products and geographies. Our businesses outside North America showed significant improvement and our results improved more without startup costs and expired patents. Although the economy in Europe slowed somewhat, the results in most of our non-U.S. businesses improved substantially with LVT, Russian ceramic, wood panels and insulation leading the growth. As the dollar strengthened in the period, the euro fell from $1.24 to $1.16, reducing our translated results in U.S. dollars. Our company and industry are absorbing significant inflation. In the U.S., rising material costs had the greatest impact on our carpet business. This year, we've had two carpet price increases and recently followed with a third increase to offset additional material and freight inflation. We are taking pricing actions in most product categories impacting inflation, including our higher-value ceramic products. The cost increases have come at a faster rate than we are passing through to our customers, which is impacting our results. These price increases occur in every cycle and we are managing our business strategies by product and geography to offset. We've also increased freight charges to mitigate higher transportation from increasing fuel, labor and common carrier costs. We've expanded our fleet of trucks and trailers to improve service to our customers and better control our costs. We have become more active in the value price points and promotions, which is increasing our residential, new construction and commercial sales and reducing our pricing and mix. In addition to pricing actions, we're introducing new product innovations, implementing process improvements to enhance our competitive position and service levels. During the period, our U.S. LVT sales growth was limited by capacity constraints. To expand sales faster this fall, we are ramping up our new manufacturing and have secured more LVT from outside sources as LVT continues gaining market share. In Europe, we are the premier provider of LVT with leading style, brand, value and service. Our new European LVT line is operating as anticipated, producing existing flexible products and new rigid LVT that we are preparing to launch. Our expertise in LVT will establish a similarly strong position in the United States. During the quarter, our new expansion projects had startup expenses of $15 million as we continued investing to broaden our product offering and geographic penetration. The costs for projects that have started up will decline, while expenses for new projects will begin. In LVT, we are commencing production of rigid products on new production lines in both the U.S. and Europe. We're starting up new ceramic capacity in Russia to alleviate constraints and adding capacity to Poland to grow our ceramic presence in the Northern and Central Europe. In the U.S., Europe and Russia, we're initiating new laminate production that provides the next generation of visuals, performance and water resistance. We're constructing a quartz countertop plant in Tennessee to more fully participate in the growing $1.2 billion U.S. quartz countertop market. In Europe, we've started a new carpet tile plant and are establishing a commercial sales force. As the Russian economy improves, we're constructing a sheet vinyl plant to add another flooring category to complement the success that we've had in ceramic and laminate. The Godfrey Hirst acquisition provides a robust platform to create a total flooring presence in Australia/New Zealand just as we have in the United States. These investments will enhance our sales and profitability with most of the impact occurring in 2019 and beyond. Chris Wellborn has laryngitis, and I will review the segments. He will try to answer questions at the end, if his voice is strong enough. For the quarter, our Global Ceramic sales increased about 3% as reported to $929 million. Adjusted operating income for the segment was approximately $140 million or 15.1% of sales. We expect our sales initiatives in the U.S. to expand our customer base in the faster-growing builder and commercial channels in the third quarter. Across the segment, we are leveraging our leading technology and design to deliver larger sizes, creative shapes, unique visuals and performance, enhancing features to generate greater demand. During the period, our North American ceramic volume improved with our average price weakening from growth in lower-value products and channels. To offset inflation, we're implementing increases on higher-value products, energy surcharges and freight. During the period, we increased our relationships with regional and national builders, expanded our statement ceramic boutiques and secured additional commercial projects. To increase our share in the ceramic market, we're delivering innovative products, enhancing our service and increasing participation in homebuilder, home center builder and commercial channels. We're reemphasizing ceramic's timeless beauty, performance and enduring value in our communications and advertising. We continue to invest in product innovation, including new plank sizes, three-dimensional wall tiles and decorative tiles that appear handcrafted. We've improved our administrative efficiency, consolidated regional service centers and piloted mobile platforms to make it easier, more seamless for customers to conduct business with us. To better serve the Florida market, we've opened a new distribution center to provide overnight service and enhance our share. The strength of our manufacturing capabilities, product development, brands and distribution uniquely position us in the marketplace. The countertop growth is accelerating, led by sales of our quartz products. We are leveraging our ceramic relationships with builders, developers and national accounts to expand our business. Construction on our quartz plant in Tennessee is on schedule with equipment installation and product development underway for production to begin the end of this year. Our porcelain countertop program is expanding with the growth of our slabs and custom-size programs. We've opened additional countertop centers to further our growth of the quartz, porcelain and stone slabs. In Mexico, our sales increased as the quarter progressed, outpacing the market, which declined before the national elections. We've doubled the production in our Salamanca plant and introduced larger sizes to the market. We're extending our presence in home centers, increasing our distributor base, capturing more commercial opportunities. We're updating our distributor showrooms by highlighting our differentiated products to expand our presence. Our Central and South American sales are growing steadily with new distributors in a dozen countries. European ceramic sales slowed slightly with the economy and the impact of foreign exchange rates, while our margins increased from improved price and mix and higher productivity. The modernization of our Italian plants has improved our efficiency and design capabilities. We're introducing new collections to enhance our residential mid-price offerings and expanding our porcelain slab options. We've completed 48 branded tile shops within our customers' stores. We're expanding product training and enhancing our commercial specifications. As we expand our Polish factory, we're preparing to realign our product manufacturing between our European plants to optimize our assets and improve our offering. We are progressing with the integration of our Italian and Polish acquisitions as we enhance productivity and consolidate administrative product development, sales strategies. We're introducing higher-value larger sizes in our Bulgarian operations, which is enhancing our mix and increasing sales in adjacent countries. Our Russian ceramic sales and margins remained strong. We are the leader in the market with the strongest product offering and manufacturing assets, supported by a national distribution center and a network of retail stores. To support future growth, we're expanding our porcelain floor and wall tile capacity. Material, energy and transportation inflation has increased in Russia and will impact our income growth in the short term. In the second quarter, Flooring North America segment sales were approximately $1.1 billion, increasing about 2% with an adjusted margin of 10.4%, including startup costs of $5 million. During the period, we began executing our second carpet price increase of 2018 to cover inflation. The realization of our price increases was later and our product mix declined more than we had anticipated. Our raw materials and freight continued to escalate and we announced another price increase to recover. In the second quarter, volumes did not increase as we anticipated and we produced less than we sold to reduce inventory. Our productivity declined as we manufactured new products that had higher production costs. These issues have been addressed, but some costs will flow through to our inventory. Our U.S. LVT sales in the period grew less than we forecast due to a delay in shipments of our sourced products. We anticipate a significant increase in LVT sales as our new U.S. production ramps up and the supply of sourced products increases in the third period. When completed this year, we will have the only fully integrated rigid LVT plant in the United States. With the closing of Godfrey Hirst, we are shipping out new product introductions in the American market to enhance their sales. For the second quarter, we accelerated sales of impaired Mohawk inventory to consolidate Godfrey Hirst U.S. warehousing with ours. We've already moved their U.S. inventory into our warehouses and integrated their U.S. business into Mohawk's, which will improve the service levels for their customers. Our residential carpet improved, led by the builder, multi-family and Main Street channels. Our introductions in SmartStrand Silk Reserve, Air.O unified soft flooring and our luxury Karastan collection gained momentum in the market. Our proprietary Continuum polyester products offer consumers an appealing value option without any compromise. We are expanding our Continuum capacity to meet the growing demand for these collections. Our Main Street product offering has expanded to include easy-to-install carpet tiles that are being well received. Our RevWood collections with waterproof technology are growing rapidly in the retail and builder channels as an alternative to hardwood. In commercial, our hard surface collections showed stronger growth and our commercial carpet bookings strengthened as we progressed through the period. The specializing of our sales force by end use is gaining momentum and broadening our reach as customers recognize that our complete flooring solutions will make their projects more successful. As we enhance our systems and processes, we're improving the customer experience, while reducing our administrative costs. We've begun consolidating customer service into a single platform to make it easier to satisfy all of our customer needs. Our U.S. LVT plant is ramping up as expected and producing both flexible and rigid LVT. We're implementing established procedures from our new European line, which is about 60 days ahead of the U.S. learning curve. During the period, our Flooring Rest of the World Segments were $590 million, an increase of 16% as reported and 8% on a local basis. Our segment's second quarter adjusted operating income rose about 15% compared to last year and was even higher without startup cost and expired patents. Our LVT sales were up dramatically and will increase more with our new manufacturing expansion. Our new LVT production line is ahead of the U.S. and performing above expectations. Until now, we've been producing flexible LVT and we have completed the initial production runs on rigid LVT, which we'll be launching in the third quarter. While these are being launched in the market, we will finalize additional collections to sell in other channels. Unlike in the U.S., we are leading the U.S. LVT market as it continues to grow. We are presently staffing up the new line to run seven days a week as we refine our processes to increase output and improve our costs. In laminate, we're introducing new products using unique technologies and water resistance. These products are differentiating us from the rest of the market and improving our mix. In Russia, we have increased our laminate capacity and we're introducing our latest European technology to increase our market share and margins. We're using our European sheet vinyl to build demand for our new Russian plant, which should start up by the end of this year. Our sheet vinyl products have been specifically designed for the Russian market and are being well received. To recover material inflation and currency translation, we're passing through price increases in Russia. Our new carpet tile plant in Belgium is ramping up to penetrate the commercial flooring market. We're filling the pipeline with our unique carpet tile collections to build a new European product category to complement our existing LVT, sheet vinyl, laminate and wood offerings. Our wood panels and insulation products grew significantly from our manufacturing investments, better material supply and stronger market conditions. We completed the acquisition of Godfrey Hirst on July 2, a month later than we had anticipated due to delays in the regulatory approval. We're developing strategies to become a total flooring provider in Australia and New Zealand as we have in the U.S. We're reviewing our combined sales, brand and distribution strategies for both soft and hard surface products. We can complement Godfrey Hirst's strong brands and market position and retail partnerships with our unique hard and soft products, operational philosophies and marketing strategies. I'll now turn the call over to Frank, who will cover our financial performance for the first quarter.
Frank H. Boykin - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $2.577 billion, growing 5% as reported with our legacy business up 3% on a constant basis. We had growth in all three segments, but Flooring Rest of the World results showed the best improvement. Our gross margin as reported was 29.7% of sales, or 30.2% excluding charges, and was down from 32.7% last year. Higher inflation and startup cost with lower year-over-year productivity and volume were the most significant headwinds this period. Price increases and expansion of sales across many of our channels will improve our results going forward. SG&A as reported was 17.1% of sales, or 16.9% excluding charges. This improved 20 basis points over last year. Unusual charges were $16 million for the quarter and primarily related to plant consolidation and integration of acquisitions across all three segments. Our operating margin excluding charges was 13.3%, down from 15.5% last year as $23 million of price/mix did not offset $62 million of inflation. We also had higher startup cost of $8 million over last year and incremental productivity of $12 million, which was lower than first quarter. Our income tax rate improved to 20.7% from 24.5% as U.S. tax reform drove the overall rate down. We estimate a third quarter and full year rate of 20% to 21%. We recorded a $55 million one-time charge in the second quarter related to future payments of tax on past unrepatriated foreign earnings as required under the new tax law. Earnings per share excluding charges was $3.51, a decrease of 6% compared to last year. Turning to the segments. In the Global Ceramic Segment, sales were $929 million, up 3% as reported, with our legacy business up about 1.5% on a constant basis. Our operating income excluding charges was $140 million with a margin of 15.1%, down from 18.1% last year. Negative price/mix of $6 million and inflation of $25 million offset $9 million of incremental productivity. In the Flooring North America Segment, sales were $1.058 billion, up 2% over last year. We had the strongest growth in LVT and residential carpet, even though LVT was less due to sourcing delays. Operating income excluding charges was $110 million, with a 10.4% margin compared to 13.4% last year. $7 million of price/mix did not cover incremental inflation of $30 million. We also had negative productivity of $3 million with a lower production rate, new product inefficiencies and a tighter labor market. In the Flooring Rest of the World Segment, sales were $590 million, a 16% improvement as reported, with the business up 8% on a constant basis. Our operating margin excluding charges was 17.2%, which was about flat to a 17.3% margin last year, even with startup and expiring patents. Incremental price/mix of $22 million offset inflation of $8 million. We had incremental productivity of $6 million and startup costs of $5 million. In the corporate and eliminations segment, our operating loss excluding charges was $9 million. We expect the corporate expense to range from $35 million to $45 million for the full year. Turning to the balance sheet, our receivables ended the quarter at $1.738 billion. This included days sales outstanding of 56 days in the second quarter, which was flat compared to the first quarter. Our inventories ended the quarter at $2.061 billion. Inventory days were at 112 days, which was an improvement over the first quarter at 116. Inflation negatively impacted the calculation. Property, plant and equipment ended the quarter at $4.421 billion. In the second quarter, we had capital expenditures of $247 million with depreciation and amortization of $127 million. We are estimating capital expenditures for 2018 of approximately $780 million with FX impacting us $20 million from our budgeted rate that we used at the beginning of the year, plus we've added some smaller investments. Depreciation and amortization is estimated at approximately $520 million for the year. Long-term debt was $3 billion with leverage at 1.3 times debt-to-EBITDA. Jeff, I'll turn it back over to you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Thank you, Frank. We're taking a comprehensive approach to improve our performance and profitability in the United States. Our initiatives to improve pricing, increase sales and growing channels and reduce costs will benefit the remainder of the year. Given the impact on inflation, timing of price increases and other challenges, we do not anticipate our actions in the United States will offset the pressures that we're facing before next year. We expect continued strength in Europe and Russia, where inflation and shifting product preferences are less intense than in the United States. Having closed Godfrey Hirst, we are already enhancing the largest flooring provider in Australia and New Zealand. In the recently announced Chinese tariffs  if the recently announced Chinese tariffs are implemented, they will enhance our U.S. market position and results. Around the globe, we're entering new product categories and geographies as well as expanding constrained categories. In the U.S., we're investing in growing categories such as LVT and quartz countertops. Taking all this into account, our EPS guidance for the third quarter is $3.54 to $3.64, excluding any one-time charges. We are taking actions to offset inflation, raise transportation, reduce costs and expand LVT. In the fourth quarter, we expect operating income to approach last year, though inflation and exchange rate changes could impact. Next year, pricing should be more aligned, startup costs lower and we should benefit from our investments to improve our results. We'll now be glad to answer your questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Really, two questions. First, Frank, you had called out a negative $3 million of productivity in Flooring North America. Could you talk about what all's in there? That's usually a positive number. I assume there's some slowdown of production in that, but what all makes up the negative $3 million?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Let me just give an overview. Productivity was impacted by lower manufacturing, new product inefficiencies and employee turnover costs. Improvements have come from cost cuts, product improvements, higher yields and lower inventory reductions in total.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: So, in your third quarter guidance, do you expect a kind of similar result to what we saw in the second, or will it improve?
Frank H. Boykin - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: I think the productivity is going to improve in the third quarter, Keith. We also had some  the manufacturing shutdowns we talked about, that was in there. We had some labor inefficiencies from the tight labor markets, that would have been in there. And we had some material yield issues with new products that we're putting in, that was in there. So, that's some color on what's in there.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And final question. You're coming at below your guidance here that you gave three months ago. What happened  or two months ago. Could you give us, in the intervening period, kind of what didn't occur that you thought was going to occur anywhere on the income side?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: In the second quarter, we had a stronger dollar and a delay of Godfrey Hirst closing, which impacted results by $0.10 a share. The results were also impacted by lower sales than we anticipated, input inflation, transportation costs, lower LVT supply and a tight labor market, which increased our costs. In addition, we had a lower product mix than we anticipated and we reduced our production volumes more than we had thought to begin with. We also had the timing of the price increases were later than we had anticipated. Offsetting some of this, we're raising prices, as we said, in transportation. We're ramping up the expansions. We're expanding in growing channels. We're sourcing more LVT and cutting costs.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Sticking with the cost side, because clearly some things are happening in real-time and have accelerated faster than anticipated. I wanted to focus specifically on freight. And could you just help us understand and quantify how much freight represents as a percentage of other costs or revenues, and really how you're contracting for that and kind of what you can do aside from the surcharges to manage?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: The freight is different across different parts of the business. We run our own freight and trucking systems for a significant part of it. So, we have the same gas and capacity pieces in that one. In addition, we contract freight on a as-needed basis on a significant part, more in the ceramic side than the other, and it's going up with the freight rates across the country as is everything else, is it. We are also expanding our freight system and we're putting more trucks in and using more of it to have more control over the costs given the expansion of the margins that are going on in the freight charges.
Frank H. Boykin - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: And Mike, just to clarify, the freight issue is more U.S. than Europe. Our overall freight runs about  freight out runs about 5% of sales. But again, it's going to be split between U.S. and Europe. It's going to be higher  it'll be higher in some...
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Ceramics is going to be probably double that.
Frank H. Boykin - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: It'll be higher in some and lower in others, but that's the average.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Okay. Thank you. And then, with respect to those closing comments around 2019 pricing being more aligned, obviously, some of the startup costs and other things rolling off. I guess, two-part question. Can you give us kind of an expectation more explicitly around is that meant to convey confidence that margins will improve year-on-year next year? If so, by how much? And then, in the past, there have been a couple of times where you've been willing to talk about  of market expectations and how that should affect your organic growth portfolio or across the portfolio, I should say. At a high level, how are you thinking about what organic growth should be for your business given all the moving pieces underneath right now?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: We expect the income to improve based on what we know today. We expect the expansions to help our top line more. The margins, I'm not sure at this point. We haven't got the budget set out that we're ready to put out yet, but you have the ramping up of these lines that at some point they're going to add operating income, but the margins are going to be below because they're not optimized. And so, the margin percent is going to be different than the others as we're absorbing a lower-margin percentage as these plants are not  there's not enough throughput and they're not optimized completely as they start, but we won't be able to give you more detail till later.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks. And on the growth side, any thoughts on just what you're thinking around just organic growth as you look out over the next few quarters?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: I mean, it's built into that  we gave you the results of what we gave you a fairly good direction for the next two quarters in our results. That's all we're prepared to give you at this point.
Michael Dahl - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI.
Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI: Yeah. Thanks very much, guys. I appreciate the color you've given thus far. I guess my question, wanted to address the U.S. business specifically. Obviously, you've got a number of challenges that you've itemized there and some actions you've taken. Perhaps, I'm oversimplifying here, but I'm generally thinking about the impacts to your margin in the business in the U.S. portion of your business right now as being primarily dragged down by three things. One is the cost and freight and price or relationship and the lag there, and that's probably a transitory issue here over the next quarter or so  a couple of quarters. The second is that you've had production curtailments to right-size your inventory, which also impacts your productivity and other things. And then, the third is a longer-term transition in particularly the area like ceramic, which LVT is cannibalizing to a lower-margin mix, which seems less transitory. That seems maybe more of a permanent shift. And so I was wondering if we thought about your U.S. business margin in that way, these three categories broadly, how big do you think those three components are? The two relatively transitory one and the one that may be a little bit more longer-lasting?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: They got to be different by product categories and pieces. I'm going to have a hard time averaging them all out for you. The ceramic business, we are participating in lower areas, which is reducing part of the mix. On the other hand, the ceramic business has a much  the majority of it is sold FOB local destination, so the freight charges are embedded in the pieces. So, you have both things happening at the same time is impacting margins. They will improve as we have raised the prices of the higher-value raw materials, but we're still  the mix is going down as we're increasing our share in lower areas as we go through it. On the carpet side, we are chasing the raw materials up as you described and the price increases were later than we expected in implementation. And the amount of increases is increasing more. Part of the piece about the future is we're not sure where the raw materials are going to  they may have peaked already or they may not have. And we're having to watch it as we go, so that's impacting it. We're passing through the raw materials and prices. That will recover as we go through the year and it'll put us in a better position when we go into next year.
Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI: Maybe, Frank, do you want to try to take a stab at quantifying some of those pieces, as I laid out? Because I think that this is an issue that people are really grappling with. In particular, the longer-term effects of a shift towards a more builder and home center related set of customers being a bigger part, particularly the ceramic business. Is there a way to think about what the longer-term margin impact of that piece might be, because I think that's a pretty important factor in people's minds?
W. Christopher Wellborn - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Stephen, I don't know if you can hear me or not, but I'll try. Our product mix declined in the U.S. as we increased the home center and builder channel. In addition, freight cost and the reducing of production also impacted it, and I would say about 50/50. 50% of it was price/mix and 50% was the transportation cost and taking freight out. The freight, we're passing through higher freight cost to the customers. We are able to raise prices on the higher-value products that are more differentiated and we're starting to see improvement from those actions. The other thing I would say is that another area where we're increasing our sales is commercial channel, which will eventually have a higher margin and improve the mix. We're also introducing leading products and are selling, as we're introducing products, at our higher margin value. So, I think, over time, we'll start to recapture at least a portion of that margin.
Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI: No, that's very encouraging. Chris, I appreciate the effort there and I appreciate the info. So, thank you guys for that.
W. Christopher Wellborn - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: I hope you could hear it.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Can you understand him?
Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI: I think I got it, basically, that it's not all that  the move to home centers and builders isn't the only part of the story. There's other aspects of the ceramic actions that you're doing, which will be additive to margin and so will offset that longer-term concern that people have regarding the longer-term ceramic margins. That's what I heard.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Correct.
W. Christopher Wellborn - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Exactly right.
Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI: All right. Thank you very much, gentlemen. Appreciate it.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Speer with Zelman & Associates.
Justin Andrew Speer - Zelman & Associates: Hi. Good morning, guys. Really appreciate you taking the time. I wanted to get back to the timing comment you mentioned in the fourth quarter I think on margins that you think  and I think it's important for you to clarify for us  you think you can match the margin profile on a year-over-year basis, then you get back to even versus the prior year on the margin side? And then, following up on that, why is the third quarter expressing such a negative margin implication in terms of deceleration in margin in view of the pricing actions that you're taking place? Is there something else under the hood that we're just  maybe you can give us some context there.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Well, the third quarter is still being impacted by the input cost flow-through and we're still chasing it. We still are not going to have the pricing alignment anywhere near where we need it. There's going to actually be greater startup costs in the third quarter than there was and we're anticipating a more significant FX impact as we go  in the third quarter and we're not sure what it's going to be going through, pieces we go through as we go through with it. In the fourth quarter, we believe the price increases will be getting more aligned. They won't be perfect yet, but they'll be getting more aligned with the inflation as we go through. The startup costs, we're expecting to be a little lower. And with those things  and we should start getting some positive impact from some of the expansions we're doing, though, they'll be a long way from where we want them to be, is it. And with that  that's how we got to where we are.
Justin Andrew Speer - Zelman & Associates: So, the flat comment is what you were saying? There's no other items to think about in terms of the fourth quarter. And so, just looking at the different domestic flooring businesses, I'm just following up on this recent question, and thinking about next year, how much margin do you expect you will recover as we look to next year relative to what you're seeing here in 2018 when you contemplate the raws, the under-absorption, the overhead, productivity drag, that maybe becomes a tailwind in 2019? Any context of the magnitude of the margin shave that you view as like temporary versus structural and setting that baseline for next year would be hugely helpful for investors, analysts if you could give context there.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: As we get the pricing in line, the margins are going to increase because we're absorbing the raw material pieces without the benefit of the pricing, both with the raw materials and the energy and the transportation. So as those things align, the margin should expand in the categories. And then, this year, we had thought the business was going to be greater than we think it's going to be at this point, so we're also running the factories at less rates than the sales are coming in, which next year should also be aligned. And we should be at least making what's coming in, where right now we're making less than what's coming in. So, all those things will help the present business.
Frank H. Boykin - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: And just looking, Justin, into next year, you're going to see like we mentioned lower startup costs. This year we're estimating startup cost around $65 million to $70 million and next year the total startup costs should be a good amount below that. We've also talked about the fact that we're going to have the IP headwind behind us that we had to deal with this year. And then, finally, with all the capital that we are putting into the business, we talked about an incremental depreciation of $75 million this year, which incremental depreciation next year is going to be significantly less than that. Those will all be helped as we move into 2019.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: And Justin, as the new expansion start up, the margins will be lower. But at some point, they'll turn from losses into incremental improvement. And as they keep improving, the margins are going to go up.
Justin Andrew Speer - Zelman & Associates: And just to be clear, though, in the fourth quarter that you mentioned, is that EBIT being flat or margin? Just curious if that  was that EBIT dollar or percentage margin point that you mentioned for the fourth quarter (43:35)?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Dollars.
Frank H. Boykin - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Just dollars.
Justin Andrew Speer - Zelman & Associates: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. That's better context. Thank you very much, guys.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Justin, we actually said that to be specific that it would approach last year.
Justin Andrew Speer - Zelman & Associates: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Frank H. Boykin - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. First question, I guess, also just going back to pricing and just trying to better understand. Jeff, you mentioned I guess in prepared remarks and some of the answers here that one of the issues has been a timing issue around the implementation of the price increases. And I was hoping to just get a little bit better perhaps more granular detail around the cadence of those price increases. If you could kind of walk us through  and I think, specifically, the challenge has really been around North American carpet, but maybe you can tell me if there has been other areas or segments. But just to give us a sense for when those price increases were implemented so far this year and where you've had to delay, if that's the right understanding of it, where you've had to delay the more recent price increases from  I don't know if it was from May to June or June to August. Just give us a sense of the walk-through of how that's played out so far this year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: There's multiple issues at the same time. So one is our anticipation at the time we start putting the increase in, and the other is the actual way it flows through. And we make assumptions in a given point in time and they evolve with the market. So, part of what we said was in the second quarter, our assumptions, the actual flow-through was later than our initial assumption. The second is that we talk about that it happens on a given day. It happens over time as things work and it doesn't just turn on and off like a light switch. And so we're estimating those different flow-throughs at different points and when they're going to happen. And again, we have to act relative to market as they're going on in different pieces. So, those were happening. In addition, you talk about pieces. It's not just the carpet piece and the ceramic piece. The freight, which is probably 10%, is a huge part of it and the pass-through of the freight in many cases in ceramic is not a freight charge, but embedded in the product charges. And so, we took actions to improve it. They're going in now, but we've been absorbing it through the period and we're trying to recover in  in the ceramic business, we get it in multiple ways. We get it in raising product prices. There are energy surcharges and there are delivery charges for some portion of the freight. And so, it's a combination of all three. And then, the flow-through of one, so then you have multiple increases going on, which is really hard to manage from one to the second to the third and estimating how one is going to impact the next and how they overlap. It just makes the estimation hard. It doesn't change our implementation, but it makes our estimation. The more we have of it, the further off our estimates get.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: It's obviously a complicated way to  a complicated process and probably even more difficult to measure. So I appreciate your thoughts and comments around that. I guess, secondly, just kind of moving to price/mix for a moment. I think the discussion around the challenges in the ceramic segment are pretty well discussed. I guess, it seems like what's perhaps new this quarter as well is in the Flooring North America Segment, comment around price/mix declining more than anticipated. And so, I just wanted to understand what product categories we're talking about there, and if it relates to some of the promotional activities that you had, I think, alluded to earlier. So, kind of like what product areas, what product segments, and perhaps what channels are you seeing that in?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: First, you have to start at the  the builder channel has been doing better than the other channels with new home construction growth. And it tends to be, in most cases, put in by a third-party, who was interested in getting the price per square foot more than the best quality. So as it grows more  as the growth in it is higher than the others, is that you have the similar things in the multi-family business, is also a lower-quality product of things that are going on. And then the mix between all that decreased. We expected it to decrease some. It decreased more than we had anticipated.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So, are you saying that it's more of a mix within channels rather than the channels themselves on a like-for-like deteriorating?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: A large part of it's that, but I don't want to leave you. There is some deterioration even within the higher-value remodeling channel, as you have  again, in carpets, you have this polyester is increasing its share. And polyester is a lower-cost product than everything else, but we know that's going on and that's in our piece. It just grew more than we had thought.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. One last one, if I...
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: One more thing I want to put in.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: In the carpet industry and others, on the retail floors, people advertise price points. So as we raise prices on individual products, they will actually change the focus of their advertising because they want to maintain price points and they will swap a higher-value product for something that's less in order to maintain the price point is also going on. It's not new. It happens all the time, which is why if you look at the industry prices, the industry prices don't raise as much as the inflation over time, because the retailers trade the customers down, because they are focused on price points. It always occurs in every  all the time.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No, understood, Jeff. I guess just one last one on clarifying the guidance for the next quarter or two. It seems like trying to back in a little bit, if you kind of look at the EPS guidance and make some basic assumptions on the top line that the year-over-year margin decline, 3Q versus 2Q, you had about 220 bps of a 2Q margin decline. Frank, it would seem that 3Q might be a little bit of a greater margin decline. And is that the case? It might be up sequentially, margins might be up sequentially but down a little bit more greatly year-over-year? And I assume, is that just because of some of the flow-through on currency and maybe some productivity or production inefficiencies?
Frank H. Boykin - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Yeah, Mike. The margin decline year-over-year in the third quarter will be larger than the margin decline year-over-year in the second quarter. And it's going to be a lot of the things that we've talked about in the second quarter; continuing inflation and how that's going to impact us, the delay of the price increases and such as that.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. And then, in 4Q, operating income on a dollar basis will be flat year-over-year is the last part of the guidance.
Frank H. Boykin - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Well, I think what we said is that it would approach last year's number.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Very good. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. You're drawing down inventory in 2Q and 3Q for ceramics in North America, I assume partly that's due to weaker-than-expected demand. Was that driven by increased competition or just weaker overall demand? And it'd be helpful if you could quantify that impact for 2Q and 3Q.
W. Christopher Wellborn - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Well, we came into the year with higher inventories than we wanted to have and we started gradually taking those out, but we're still going to be operating at the 85% to 90% overall utilization rate in the company. And I think what we said, about half of our margin decline was lowering inventories and freight, and I would say a bit more of that half was freight.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then, pricing historically has not been a big driver of ceramics. Can you give us a sense on the market acceptance of some of these price increases you guys have out there? And the traction you're seeing, is that coming largely from the high end of the market or just pretty broad-based? Thanks.
W. Christopher Wellborn - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Well, what we found is as we're trying to pass on these freight increases and we took pricing to do it, the lower end was more sensitive to those prices, whereas the higher end of the mix that would be driven by commercial and other things were more accepting of the price increases we took.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. But you've seen pricing across the board, but I guess just more traction on the high end?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: In the low end, we're just passing through the freight. In the high end, we're passing through the freight and additional costs on top of that.
W. Christopher Wellborn - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Yeah.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley with Barclays.
Matthew Bouley - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to start out on the LVT business. First, the U.S. sourcing issue that happened in the second quarter, is that one-time, or is that something that can happen again? And then, just more broadly, you called out the improved mix expectation in Europe on the new capacity, but it wasn't clear necessarily what you're saying on the North American side. So, could you just please outline your expectations for North American LVT mix and margins going forward? Thank you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: What we said was that we had  our suppliers had problems in getting us product in the second quarter. They have overcome those problems and the production and shipments to us are higher, in line with what we would like to have, but it didn't just start overnight, so it's going to occur during the third quarter. What we said also was that we anticipated both our European and U.S. LVT lines increasing their manufacturing as they come up and that production will give us more capacity to sell during the period. We're also introducing more rigid products off both lines as well as importing products as we go through, and we expect our LVT business to improve significantly with all these things. In Europe, which is ahead, they focused on manufacturing flexible, which they had been limited in their capacity. So instead of starting it up trying to make LVT, which is why their sales were much higher, we've been producing flexible LVT for most of the time and then doing new product work with it. They are operating three shifts today and working towards adding a fourth one, where the U.S. is operating two shifts and working towards adding a third one is the way they're working out.
Matthew Bouley - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, Jeff. Thank you. I appreciate that. Second question, back in the ceramic business and the growth in the lower-value channels, could you address why you think you're seeing less market opportunity in the higher-value channels? Is that specifically a function of LVT taking share from those higher-mix products? And if so, at what point is there a resistance to that share shift, if we think about the areas of your portfolio that perhaps may be less vulnerable to a shift to LVT? Thank you.
W. Christopher Wellborn - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Well, I can answer that. So, the area that's growing the most for us right now is builder, which tends to be at a lower price point. We're also taking share in the home centers with our business. Slowly, our commercial business is growing. It is true that LVT has impacted the dealer business in particular.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Let me sort of  we all talk about LVT in the industry. Let me see if I can frame it in a way that it has  as well as sort of frame it as we go. The LVT, if you think about  let's back up. In 2017, there's broad estimates of it. So, we believe the range is somewhere from $2.4 billion to $2.8 billion. The best estimate we have of the increase in the category is about $500 million to $600 million. Now, if we assume that the LVT is going to continue growing at about that amount and the flooring industry is going to grow about 3% to 4%, the balance growth in everything else is going to be about 1% to 2% annually until the LVT matures and it will mature at some point in the not-too-distant future. And then, the growth will normalize across the categories. So, you have this mix that's going on. It's not the first time the industry has been through this. It happens a lot and you have to constantly adjust relative to these things. You can go back with things like categories. Laminate, at some point, started and grew. You had carpet tile, started and grew. You had polyester carpet taking over pieces. So, these shifts are normal. It's just the size of this one is bigger. And over a period of time, it will mature and then the industry will go back to more normalized growth. And if it grows somewhat like we're thinking, it's not like everything else is going to go to zero. It's just not going to grow as fast, while it's maturing.
Matthew Bouley - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. I appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America.
John Lovallo - Bank of America: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my call and I don't want to belabor this, I'm just trying to understand this a little bit better. Maybe if we just think about raw materials and freight costs and just assuming they stay kind of where they are today and let's assume that the current price increases that are in place all go through well, at what point next year, first half, second half, do you think that price-cost relationship will even out?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: I think it probably will be sometime in the first quarter will be close. But your assumption on inflation freight, raw materials, I don't know if it's right to assume it's over or we have more to come. It could be either, which is why you hear us hesitating. We don't know exactly where it's going to be.
John Lovallo - Bank of America: No, understood. That's helpful. And then, maybe just switching gears quickly and talk about the tariff that's been proposed. 10%, I guess, is a good start, but what do you think is the actual production cost advantage from producing in China versus maybe domestically? How big of a tariff would actually need to be put in place to kind of level the playing field?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: We think that we can compete with the Chinese without any tariffs. Now, what's happening is we have to get the plants up, the new ones up and operating with enough throughput in order to get the costs and margins down where we like them to be. The tariffs, I think, are a broader piece which says that on the list is almost every product we make, and we're about 95% of what we make is made in the United States or is made locally. So, anything that raises the competitive alternatives will help all of our different product categories in the United States that we have, which is practically our entire business.
John Lovallo - Bank of America: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Hi. Thank you for fitting me in today. Just wanted to follow up on LVT and just really instead of just looking at the quarter or even the next quarter, taking a step back and getting your strategic thoughts on how you approach meeting the increasing demand for North American LVT. And really, specifically, if you could clarify how much is currently sourced versus manufactured. And your thoughts given the changes in how this product is manufactured, where you're going to focus on your capital allocation sourced versus manufactured strategy over the next two to three years. Thank you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: In the United  so let me  in Europe, we manufacture all of it today. In the U.S., we manufacture a much smaller amount than we import and source today. But what was happening is we're putting in approximately another $250 million of capacity with the new plant that's coming up, and we've been hesitating and sourcing more, because we thought we'd have to use a majority of our efforts to sell up the ramp-up of the other one. We've changed our view given the growth of the industry and we think that we can sell up the ramp-up as it's coming up and more sourced, so we're doing both. The longer-term view is it takes us about 12 to 18 months to add new capacity and we'll make decisions on an incremental basis and we'll continue sourcing more and balance the two, and we really don't have to have a final decision. We just have to decide when we're going to increase more LVT and what rate we're going to put it in, and then adjust the sourcing strategy to go with it as we go through.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Assuming a low-double-digit growth rate over the next two to three years, against that scenario, what percentage  I mean, right now, we're estimating at least 85%, 90% is sourced, but does it get close to 50/50? And just helping us understand that would be helpful. And I have one follow-up. Thank you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: I don't normally think about the way you're approaching it, so I don't have it. I normally think of it on an incremental basis as the business is changing. And once we make the decision, then it's a matter of balancing the sales that we can grow with it. And we're trying going forward not to limit the sales, but just to balance the opportunities between the two pieces. I don't know how to give you a more defined proposition than that. If we find that we want to source more, we just slow down the piece. If we want to add more, we can add two machines at the same time instead of one, so we haven't finalized the optimum solution at this point.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Yeah. I guess, the importance of it is just the capital allocation for adding capacity, for product category that is changing, and how it's made is different than meeting the needs of sourcing. So, that was the basic nature of that question.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: I think the piece is we're going to have a significant sourced portion no matter what. The question is, is it going to be 40% or 60%. I don't think it really  it doesn't change my strategy.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay. Great. And just one final clean-up question. Appreciated the color you gave throughout the call on ceramic, particularly about the price point falling in the quarter, but results would imply that perhaps there was a slowing momentum in North American volumes, but we may be off of that. And perhaps, you may have commented on that in the call and I missed it, but could you clarify just about the volume momentum in North America for ceramic sales? Thank you.
W. Christopher Wellborn - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: North America volume has actually been strengthening a little bit as we've gone through the year.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Perfect. Thank you so much. I appreciate it.
W. Christopher Wellborn - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari with Credit Suisse.
Susan Maklari - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you. I wanted to go back to the tariff question for a minute. And I guess, have you seen any change in behavior or willingness to work with you among some of the retailers that have been heavier on their sourcing for product?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: There are some discussions about how they can prepare for it not knowing where it's going to be. They are taking multiple approaches. Some are talking to us. They're also looking for other alternatives in other countries. So, there's all kinds of preparation going on, not knowing what the end result's going to be.
Susan Maklari - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then, I guess, the second question is, you noted that in your CapEx you've added some smaller incremental investments this year. I guess, can you talk to what those are? And broadly speaking, where are you thinking more about aligning your CapEx as we think about 2019?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Listen, I'll give you an example. A piece of property came up available adjacent to a large Belgian facility that's landlocked. And so, we bought a large chunk of the land to enable us flexibility in the future. For instance, there are other small things. So, I mean they're not significant to the piece. But it's those kinds of things. A big part of it came because of our assumptions on FX and what the purchases would be, both in translation and in the U.S., in both cases. So part of that, we had a lower  a different assumption for how it would  what would happen, so that was, I think Frank said, a $20 million part of the adjustment. Going forward, we're going through right now our annual strategy plan of capital and investments for next year. So, the businesses are going through a process of deciding where they think the opportunities are, what the values are and where they are. My belief is that the number's going to be significantly less because of all the capacity and new pieces we have in it to go through it. The opportunities are going to be do we decide to go and expand in some places that I don't know at this moment. So, we haven't gone through it, which is why I can't give you direction for it. And then, we also have to put in how we see the risk of whatever utilizing them as we go through. Just as a comment, maybe on some of the old stuff, there seems to be some confusion over our ability to use it. So, let me see if I can clarify that with you while you bring up the subject. The majority of our new investments, which I went through them in the leading remarks, are outside the United States either to relieve constraints or to enter new markets. And at a high level, if you just look at the additional sales, LVT is about $500 million of the total with the two lines we have going in. We have about $400 million where we're going into new products which we mentioned like sheet vinyl in Russia or like quartz countertops in here, and other ones that's going into new products or to the same products we have in new geographies is about $400 million. So, the existing products make up about $400 million of what I would call expansion, again, which a large chunk of that's outside the United States. If you look at inside the United States, everybody is worried about us running it. The big investments in the United States are LVT, which the question is are we putting in enough; and quartz countertops, which is a $1.2 billion industry growing at least 10% a year, and there's huge opportunities in that one. So, I mean, we think we have the investments in the right area. And I know you like me to tell you about our next year. I mean, they could be zero for all I know right now. But I doubt it. I think we're putting the investments in the right areas that are going to help our growth and maximize our business.
Susan Maklari - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Jeff, thank you very much for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Wood with Nomura Instinet.
Mason Marion - Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.: Hi. This is Mason on for Mike. Is LVT sourcing issue specific to Mohawk? Or is it an industry-wide issue?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: I don't have enough detail to answer that. So, I don't know. I would assume that other people had some of the same issues, but I don't have news (1:11:49) of them.
Mason Marion - Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.: Okay. And then, are you able to quantify how much has impacted your LVT growth rate in the quarter?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Listen, that's like guessing how much I would have sold if I didn't have it. I think it would have been a significant number but, I mean, it's a pretty wild guess if I give it to you. It wouldn't be worth the paper it was written on.
Mason Marion - Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen East with Wells Fargo.
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you and good afternoon. Jeff, maybe we can go back to the margin profiles a little bit. If you look at carpet in U.S. ceramic, when mix shifts down, is that a temporary decline in margin? Or the lower mix product, does that permanently carry a lower operating margin?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: It depends on  so let's just go. It depends if you shift  I'm going to make it simple. If you have low, medium and high, the low, medium and high operate at different margins, in general. So, if the medium shifts to low, that's going to push it down a notch. If it's just medium to medium, it's similar. Now, when you go medium to medium what you lose is, if you raise the prices, I'll just make it up, 5%, you lose the 5% revenues because they trade down to a lower total dollar amount, but the margin's similar.
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yes. Got you. Okay.
W. Christopher Wellborn - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: I would just add on ceramic is once this LVT levelizes and even if you get 1% or 2% growth in the top line, we're already operating at, let's say, 85% capacity, we're going to fill that capacity up over time and those margins will come up. The other thing that's happened in the category, right now, builder is what is hot and what's growing. Over time, the residential and the replacement, all that will  usually has leveled out.
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got you. Okay. Thanks, Chris. And then, just a couple of quick questions on pricing. You said pricing is slower in carpet and ceramic. One is, is that because competition is greater  is not cooperating as much or is that customer pushback? And then, the second thing on ceramic, specifically, at the low end, is pricing actually compressing in the U.S.?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: What we were trying to say is, at a point in time in the past, we estimated what would happen. What we're trying to say is our estimates didn't match up with what we ended up doing or the industry. And so, it was later coming through. We're still getting the increases, it was just at points in time we estimate all the different stuff and it's a constantly moving target, which we adjust to. What was the second part of the question?
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. And a follow-on to that, do you think that slower is because of competitive pressures or just the consumer? And then, the second question was on ceramic, specifically, at the low end in the U.S., do you think that market pricing is actually compressing?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Listen, there are some pricing that takes longer to get in, in the marketplace. And what happens is as the amount increases over time, the portion that comes in later gets to be a bigger and bigger amount, because it compounds on itself, is part of what's going on. And then, what was the second part of it?
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And then, just in the U.S. ceramic, do you think the low end, the pricing is compressing there?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: The low end has pressure on it. As the dollar strengthens, it does create pressure on the low end, which is where most of the  the huge part of the imports are. So, the exchange rates impact it. But I mean we've gone through exchange rate changes for the last 20 years and the same thing occurs. As you would suspect, when the dollar gets much stronger, we have to react.
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got you. All right. Thank you.
W. Christopher Wellborn - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Not been any fundamental change that the exchange rate that Jeff talked about was a change. And I think in general, us and other manufactures came into this year with a little too much inventory. And I think there's been some adjustment, but no fundamental change.
Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Yeah. That's what I was getting at. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Loop Capital.
Laura Champine - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Thanks for taking my question. It's about LVT and could you just give us what percentage of Q2 sales were in that category and where you think that could be a year from now based on the investments you're making?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: We don't normally give out sales by specific products and pieces. The two new lines what we said will add about $500 million of sales when they're optimized and then we have the option of supplementing that with increased sourcing products by whatever number. And then, within 12 months or so, we have the ability to add increments of whatever we choose if we decide to go ahead with them. I mean, that's about as close as I can get you.
Laura Champine - Loop Capital Markets LLC: And on the mix shift on ceramic, which look like it was certainly more than what we expected and I think more than you expected, how long will that trend likely last? I mean, will we see a continuation into next year as builder continues to grow?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Part of the margin difference is in freight, which we're making arrangements. If you just look at the margin, assume it's all it, part of it is in freight which we're passing through. And then, we've also said that the higher-value products, we've already announced price increases. So, we have pricing going on that's going into the third quarter that should help the margins in the third quarter somewhat and get more of the benefit in the fourth quarter, which is also helping the fourth quarter.
Laura Champine - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Got it. And then, just a follow-on on our prior question. Can you give me as much as to say that LVT at this point is a double-digit percentage of sales overall for Mohawk? Or is it not that big?
Frank H. Boykin - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: I don't think we've looked at the total global LVT. It's probably a little bit less than a double-digit number.
Laura Champine - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Baugh with Stifel.
John Allen Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I didn't think we'd ever get to me. It's 12:20. I appreciate you hanging in that long. Quickly, Jeff...
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Listen, time's (1:19:56) ran out, it's over.
John Allen Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I really don't want to hear Chris talk and please don't take that personally. You mentioned sales were a little light of expectations in the second quarter. I'm just curious, is that because, for example, you didn't have as much LVT to sell? Or do you think the overall growth rate of flooring, whichever category it might be, may have slowed a little bit in Q2? And your expectation sort of on that macro level for the back half. Thank you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: It's got to do with a lot of things. One is that LVT going back we sort of explained the high-level view. LVT is taking a large part of the growth, is one. The second is that the growth categories for us, you're losing some of the dollar value by trading down in different  by getting a higher amount of sales in lower-value categories, which is also impacting the growth. And then, in general, I think there were certain channels in the industry that didn't do as well as we had anticipated. But I still think the industry is growing in the neighborhood of 3% to 4%.
John Allen Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And is there  you've been helpful on the LVT front. I believe once the $500 million of production comes up, you're going to be closer to that $1 billion number that you can manufacture. Correct me if I'm wrong. And then, we'd think about LVT sourcing as something incremental to that, but probably specific to the U.S. market?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: We've said that when we get this thing running, we'll have over $1 billion of manufacturing capacity in place and then whatever sourcing we do on top of that.
John Allen Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
Robert Aurand - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Rob Aurand on for David MacGregor today. I guess just sticking with LVT. Can you talk about what you're seeing kind of in residential versus commercial and as these new plants come up, where your focus will be between residential and commercial product?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Are you at LVT-only?
Robert Aurand - Longbow Research LLC: Yes. Focused on LVT.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: We are selling both  we have product lines aimed at both the residential and commercial markets. We have product lines aimed in each one at low, medium and high-value products. We are putting in new products to expand our offering in all categories in the marketplaces, and we think we have enough supply as our new capacity comes up and our sourced product to support both high to low in both categories.
Robert Aurand - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. And I know there's been a few questions on the tariffs, and I realize that there's a lot of uncertainty at this point, but do you have any sense of if they do go through at these current levels, what kind of share could be up for grabs for you to benefit from?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Listen, the market moves based on relative values of products, and if you raise the imports, which are large in LVT, they're large in ceramic, what else is large? There's a wood piece that's fairly large. If you raise them all by 10%, there's going to be beneficiaries of all of those who are here. And we think we're one of the largest.
Robert Aurand - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Good morning. Two questions. One, a follow-up. Jeff, you made a comment about if you were going to source 40% of LVT or 60% of LVT. Is that a long-term plan or is that just as you're working through the growth and managing the growth of that category?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Listen, I didn't give it more than about a minute's thought. In Europe, we're not doing any and what I keep saying is we are adding the capacity here. When we get it up and running, we will evaluate the benefits and detriments of adding more. And in 12 months, I have the capital, I could add two or three machines in 12, 14 months if I chose to. So, it just depends on how it evolves and what we perceive as the value of doing it. And we have capital that's available, we have a strong balance sheet. It's just a matter do we like the economics and do we like what's going on. And then part of the decision has to be where do we think we are in the cycle and what do you want to invest based on the cycle. So, it's not a single view of the question.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Secondly, you have  what appears to be going on is a combination of input cost pressure and currency issues and investments in startup. You've endured these things before, but it's never added up to the magnitude of margin and earnings erosion as it is now. Why is this adding up to the magnitude of the step-down now, especially in a market growing 3% or 4% and it hasn't in the past? What's different that makes the impact more dramatic now than we've seen historically?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: I'm not sure I agree with your conclusion. We've been through  you remember when oil went to $140? I mean, we've had dramatic changes at points in time both of raw materials that we've lived through. We've had dramatic changes in, not of this magnitude with products, but in the last eight years, in carpet, polyester carpet's gone to 50% of the industry. It was about 10% when it started. You can go through  laminate didn't exist and it became 8% of the industry. I mean, we've lived through these in each piece. In the commercial carpet business, we had  I mean, basically carpet tile didn't exist and now we have a large position in carpet tile. In ceramic, seven, eight years ago these digital printing things didn't exist. There were no wood products. The wood products with digital printing are 25%, 30% of the industry today. I mean, we live through these shifts and market changes in every category, and it's not do they occur. They occur about every 10 years in something and we have to continuously adjust our business to the changing environment. The companies that don't change, I can give you a long list that aren't here anymore.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah, I guess  and I probably stated my question poorly. Considering like that long list of what you mentioned, which is similar in ways to what is going on now and I've followed the company for a long time, none of those have translated into the magnitude of earnings erosion as you're experiencing in 2018. And so, my question is why is the earnings impact of this transition so much more significant than when you endured all of those that you managed through with less earnings volatility?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: I don't remember the dates, but I can almost guarantee you the same thing happened and it probably was worse. I mean, I seem to think somewhere around 2000 there was one of these, but I don't know. I know there was one about 2008, maybe  I mean, I don't have the dates because I haven't gone back historically. But I mean, we've been through it multiple times. It's not if they occur, it's when's the next one.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Okay. Perfect. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alvaro Lacayo with Gabelli & Company.
Alvaro Lacayo - Gabelli & Company: Good morning. I just have one question. In the past when you talked about all the new capacity that you were investing in, you talked about needing to improve to get utilization up in those plants and that would have an impact on mix. And over time, you would see improved mix driving through that new capacity. Maybe if you could talk about how the new capacity that has come online and in general across the portfolio has impacted mix in the quarter. And if you can sort of maybe put some dollars behind that, as well as the inefficiencies that you've seen from starting these plants up. Putting some numbers around that would be helpful, I think.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: So, let's see. When you start up a new plant and  I don't know, I'll take the LVT plant in Europe, I guess, it's further along. You start up on day one, and for a period of time  in day one, you start up with one shift. And at that point, you are trying to get out mechanical problems and other things and you're trying to devise the process in order to get it to operate. You have mechanical changes, process changes that have to be done. You then go to two shifts, which allows you to operate around the clock. And in that time, you're still having unplanned shutdowns, you're still having production levels below where you expect and you're still making changes. You're training people, who are making errors in what they do and then you're adding things to the equipment in order to operate it better and get better results on it. You then go to three shifts. Now you have to train people and you train more people that have to do it, and the training costs you much. And the training, the people make mistakes as they do it because they're all new and they haven't done it. During those times, you try to keep the product production as simple as possible because you don't want to take all of those things that are going on and make the  and have to have them change products frequently and dramatically while it's going on. You then get into the second stage, which you're somewhere in that one which we are in Europe and then you start introducing new products. So, we started bringing in the startup of more differentiated rigid products. You start bringing in features and pieces and you start manufacturing new products that have low productivity levels. You are managing the composition and the processes as you go through and you may even be making more physical changes to the equipment. In Europe, we're in that stage and we have made new products in rigid and they are  we made production runs and they're being made into samples in order to introduce them there. While that one's going on, you then start adding more. We're in the process of getting ready to add more people and then we take the production and start making more products that are new. And you start trying to add more features and benefits to all those, and that's happening. With all that happening, you're still running at higher waste levels. You're still running at lower throughputs than you would expect, and those are all impacting the margin percentage of the business as you go through. And at some point, you're going through all that and you go from an operating loss to an operating profit, but you're still running at low production rates and high waste levels and you keep going up. Now, depending upon how big a business it is, in another case, you may not have the sales opportunities to ramp it up. So now you have to go build market share to ramp it up and it takes longer because the market isn't large enough to absorb the capacity overnight. And it's the combination of all those things that, over time, you end up with an optimized business that's making product at very low cost. You have enough throughput to get the fixed overhead down and it ends up operating at a margin that's typical of your business. Now, when you get through with all of that, the positive of it is you end up with a business that you didn't pay for the sales and margins like you would in an acquisition. What you've had to do, though, is pay for (1:33:19) all those inefficiencies and startups during the period, but when you get through, you have a much lower investment collectively than you did when you bought the sales and cash flow of an existing business. Does that help?
Alvaro Lacayo - Gabelli & Company: It does help. And I don't know if you can, but maybe putting some numbers around that and maybe based on what you think normalized expectations from those plants are versus where they are today just to get an idea of what kind of room for improvement we could be seeing over the next 12, 18 months.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: Listen, have you watched Tesla startup? The things don't go as planned in things that haven't been done before. Is it? So, putting an exact date and time on it is impossible. What I can tell you is when we get through that the margins on that $500 million we're putting in will be at least as high as the rest of our business. And it'll be in place and operating well sometime in the not-too-distant future and it could be a year, it could be a year-and-a-half. Hell, it might take us two years to get to the optimized piece, but I mean it doesn't change the result of where it is.
Alvaro Lacayo - Gabelli & Company: And that's versus a current loss at the moment. Is that accurate?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: I don't know whether the thing's  listen. I don't know whether that one specifically is breaking even, losing money or making a little right now.
Alvaro Lacayo - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing remarks.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Mohawk Industries, Inc.: The industry and we go through dramatic changes in raw materials. We go through changes in the products, as we discussed. We've handled the situations before. The business goes through temporary compressions of our margins and the business ends up stronger and better when we're through. We're putting in place all the activities that we need to, to get to the other side. The investments we've put in, after the fact that we're now a year later with all these investment decisions we make that are going in, they are still the right things to do for the right reasons and they still help our business in the long term. We appreciate the support and questions you give us. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank Boykin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Finance Jeffrey Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Christopher Wellborn - President, Global Ceramic and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Michael Wood - Nomura Instinet Matthew Bouley - Barclays Susan Maklari - Credit Suisse Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus Philip Ng - Jefferies Group LLC Scott Rednor - Zelman & Associates LLC Laura Champine - Loop Capital Markets John Lovallo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Timothy Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co. David MacGregor - Longbow Research Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Alvaro Lacayo - Gabelli & Company Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good morning. My name is Erin and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, April 27, 2018. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Frank Boykin. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Erin. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries' Quarterly Investors Conference Call. Today, we'll update you on the company's results for the first quarter of 2018 and provide guidance for the second quarter. I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jeff?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. In the first quarter, we generated sales of $2.4 billion, up 9% over the prior year, with our businesses outside the U.S. growing faster and their stronger currencies benefiting translation. For the period, our adjusted operating income was $292 million or 12.1% of sales. Our adjusted EPS was $3.01, an increase of 11%. Mohawk is benefiting from its diverse geographic footprint and product portfolio. Our performance in the first quarter accentuated this strength, as we realized significant growth in LVT in our largest markets, and sales and profits grew strongly in our ceramic businesses outside the U.S. We are leveraging our global organization's strength to initiate manufacturing in new markets and extend our development of innovative products. Our global decentralized structure enables us to simultaneously manage numerous internal investments, while also executing new acquisitions. For the quarter, our operating income grew at a greater rate when adjusted for the loss of income from expired patents and higher start-up costs of new facilities and sales initiatives. In the first quarter, material and freight inflation increased more than we anticipated and impacted our costs. We are initiating selective pricing actions by product and region that, combined with improving mix and cost reductions, will offset expected inflation. Throughout the rest of the year, we anticipate higher growth rates in all segments, as we introduce new products, add capacity, implement price increases and complete acquisitions. Many of our operations are currently initiating new production, including Mexican, Italian and Russian ceramic, U.S. and European premium laminate, U.S. and European LVT, Italian porcelain slabs and European carpet tile. In addition, by the end of this year, we anticipate commencing production of quartz countertops in the U.S. and sheet vinyl in Russia, as well as expanding polyester carpet in the U.S.; ceramic in Poland; and laminate and ceramic wall tile in Russia. We anticipate finalizing the acquisition of Godfrey Hirst as early as the end of May, adding the largest flooring producer in Australia and New Zealand to our global portfolio. To prepare for the integration, we are assessing the sales, product and raw material strategies of Mohawk and Godfrey Hirst in the markets to optimize revenue and profits. Long term, our investments in new products and markets around the world will significantly enhance our profitability. Some of the projects will require significant onetime cost to start up the assets and build sales before higher utilization rates will deliver the margins and income we anticipate. This contrasts with acquisitions such as Godfrey Hirst, but we are investing about $450 million and we'll see an immediate increase in our annual EPS of $0.35 to $0.40 per share. In the U.S., strong job creation and continuing wage growth is supporting our ongoing economic expansion. A strong March retail report suggests that recent tax reductions are translating to increased consumer spending. The National Association of Home Builders reported that March housing starts rose 11% year-over-year. And the organization is predicting single family home growth escalating with higher construction. Harvard's Joint Center for Housing study predicts stronger remodeling gains spurred by increased home values, low rates for home improvement loans and high consumer confidence. The American Institute of Architects' index remains positive, projecting higher nonresidential spending as reduced corporate taxes encourage new construction and renovation projects. Outside the United States, continued economic growth is forecasted for the European Union as interest rates remain low. Business investment increases and employment improves. In Mexico, the economy was sluggish during the first quarter and is predicted to strengthen going forward. The Russian economy remains challenging amid political uncertainty. Now, Chris Wellborn, our Chief Operating Officer, will review our first quarter performance by segment. Chris?
Christopher Wellborn: Thank you, Jeff. In the quarter, our Global Ceramic sales increased 12% as reported, with greater sales growth outside the U.S. First quarter sales sequentially improved and we anticipate increased growth throughout the balance of the year, supported by greater capacity and new product introductions. We are implementing sales actions to increase our customer base and market share in both the residential and commercial sectors. Our two acquisitions in Italy and Poland are progressing as planned as we integrate their operations and expand their product offering. Our North American ceramic business improved from the prior period as we introduced new products, increased promotional activities, and the home center channel improved. Our business is stronger in the Southern and Western U.S. for new home construction is expanding faster. Our home center customers are focusing more on ceramic and increasing product commitments to enhance their sales. Increased sales in the builder and home center channels are impacting our overall product mix. As our distributors consolidated operations, they have made inventory adjustments that have temporarily reduced our sales. We are aggressively pursuing new commercial projects with retail hospitality and healthcare sectors the strongest. In the U.S., LVT is being utilized more broadly and is impacting the industry growth rate of ceramic and other products. We are taking many actions to increase our ceramic share, including launching innovative slip resistant tile, introducing higher styled designs in all price points and marketing ceramic's durability and ease of care to consumers. During the second quarter, we are leveraging our recently implemented systems to cut our overhead costs by $5 million on an annual basis. Our new service center and countertop distribution are ramping up and will enhance our results as sales increase. Our countertop growth is increasing with quartz products taking share from natural stone. The building of our new quartz plant is nearing completion and equipment installation should begin this quarter. We are finalizing material formulations and designs to begin production at the end of this year. We're also introducing porcelain slabs made by our Italian operations for countertops as well as offering large sizes for flooring and walls. Specifications for these products are increasing as designers are inspired by the beauty of natural stone in large sizes with the value and easy care of porcelain. Our sales in Mexico grew during the period, significantly outpacing the ceramic market. The increased new capabilities of our Salamanca plant are allowing us to expand our customer base across Mexico and grow exports to Central and South America. We are introducing new higher-end collections on top of increasing our participation in medium and value-oriented price points. Over time, our product mix will improve and expand our margins in Mexico. The European ceramic business continues to integrate our recent acquisitions in Italy and Poland. Our product mix is improving as we capture a larger share of the premium market. And our new product launches will increase our average price. To grow our sales in the retail channel, we are adding about 100 Marazzi-branded shops within our leading customers this year. We're developing regional manufacturing strategies to optimize production, for transportation significantly impacts our costs. Since completing the upgrade of our color body porcelain - color body manufacturing, sales of our higher-end commercial products are increasing. And we are expanding our specified sales-force to increase our participation in the new construction channel. Our new porcelain slab production started in first quarter, providing industry leading visuals and performance features in sizes up to 5.5 by 11 feet. Building construction has commenced in Poland to install the production line that is being transferred from our Italian operations. It will be operational in the third quarter, so that we can expand our offering and better satisfy the Central European market. In Bulgaria, we have upgraded equipment to produce 48-inch tiles giving us a competitive advantage in the market. The productivity of our European ceramic operations is improving and we have dramatically enhanced the safety performance of our plants. We are upgrading our warehouse management and transportation system to increase our efficiencies and lower our costs. With the integration of our new businesses and consolidation of our systems, we reduce our overhead by $4 million by the end of the third quarter. We will complete the integration of all of our European ceramic systems by the end of 2019. In Russia, our investments in product, distribution and branded retail stores along with enhancements of our organization and systems have created a significant competitive advantage. We continue to grow our leading market position in a challenging economic environment. At the recent Russian national tradeshow, we further expanded our high styled offerings, reinforcing our position as the design leader with the broadest array of sophisticated collections. We're starting at new porcelain capacity this quarter, and by the end of the year we will convert part of our commodity flooring production to higher value wall tile to enhance our mix. In the first quarter, our Flooring North America sales were $950 million, increasing 1% with adjusted margin of 10%, including the startup for our new LVT line. During the period, we implemented the carpet price increase, we announced last year. In the first period, our raw materials and freight cost escalated more than we had anticipated. We announced another carpet price increase of 6% to 7% to cover inflation, along with the freight increase and the industry has supported it. Bitterly cold weather disrupted the energy supply to some of our plants resulting in lower output and higher cost. Our residential carpet sales increased during the quarter led by the retail replacement channel. Our SmartStrand Silk Reserve collection extends the success of the premium super soft carpet we pioneered, and our luxury Karastan line is accelerating from trendsetting designs and luxurious cashmere nylon introductions. We are gaining sales momentum with our proprietary Air.o unified soft flooring due to its luxurious feel, hypoallergenic properties and ease of installation. Our patented Continuum polyester carpets are growing as a value alternative, and we are expanding our capacity late this year to satisfy higher demand. In mainstream commercial we have introduced a new carpet tile technology called ECO-MATRIX [ph], which is more versatile for installation on a variety of subfloors. These nylon and polyester products are styled to coordinate with our LVT collections. Our commercial carpet sales during the period were impacted by the late construction dates and the substitution of LVT on projects. Projects bookings improved sequentially through the period and have continued to strengthen in April. We have realigned our commercial sales structure so that we can provide greater expertise with complete flooring solutions for each end use market. We are driving commercial design trends through complementary soft and hard surface collections that provide style and performance advantages. The hospitality sector was our strongest channel and our Divinity collections are growing as an alternative to premium woven wool products. LVT sales continue to expand in both residential and commercial, to support our increasing manufacturing capabilities, we are expanding our collections of both flexible and rigid LVT. We are upgrading our original LVT manufacturing line to increase its output and product features. The new rigid LVT production line, we'll be commissioning during the second quarter following the launch of identical line in Europe. We have begun training personnel, refining operational processes and developing new products for the market. Our new laminate production is working well and has unique capabilities to make products indistinguishable from natural wood with superior visuals and performance. Our revolutionary RevWood Plus, a new water-proof wood product, is rapidly gaining acceptance with longer planks and contemporary finishes. Our investments in new technologies and automation are enhancing our service levels and cost structures. By the end of the second quarter, we will cut administrative and indirect costs by a $20 million run rate. We continue to initiate hundreds of productivity projects to improve our efficiencies, quality and service due to limited common carrier capacity, we are purchasing additional trucks to expand our transportation fleet to provide higher levels of service. During this quarter, our Flooring Rest of World segment performed extremely well, with sales growing 18% and adjusting - adjusted operating income up 19%. The European market continues to do well, and the operating income of our ongoing business is up substantially on a local basis. LVT is the fastest growing product in the segment even though sales were constrained by our capacity during the period. We are starting new LVT and laminate production in Belgium, and we are launching new carpet tile and rigid LVT products. The price increases we implemented last fall are covering raw material increases from 2017, and we are selectively increasing prices to offset further inflation. Our mix, volume and pricing are increasing our margins in most categories. LVT in Europe is growing in acceptance, and we are the market leader. Our new production line is operating five days a week, as we refine our manufacturing processes. The line is presently producing existing products to satisfy growing demand. Through testing, we've validated the capability of our new technology to manufacture rigid LVT with enhanced performance and innovative features. We anticipate introducing new products during the second quarter and ramping up production just seven days a week by the end of the third quarter. All the equipment and process enhancements are being replicated in the U.S. to shorten the startup process. Our sheet vinyl assets in Europe are running at capacity, and we are seeing the Russian market to build demand for our new plant. The renovation of the building in Russia is progressing and equipment installation should be completed in the fourth quarter to initiate production. Our sales organization is collaborating with major Russian customers to develop new products and programs to utilize our new productions. At our new carpet tile facility, we are running trials to establish operating procedures and refined new products. We're in the process of assembling and experience commercial sales force to expand our sales of LVT, sheet vinyl and carpet tile across Europe. Our laminate business continues to perform well with our new product innovations improving our results. We lead the premium market in realistic design and water resistant products. Our new laminate press capacity is now operating, and we are introducing additional premium products to extend our market leadership. In our Russian laminate plant, we are installing a new line that will double our capacity in the third quarter. We are developing new sales and warehousing strategies in Russia to optimize the distribution of our laminate and sheet vinyl production across the country. Our wood panel sales are performing well as a result of investments that expanded capacity and improved our costs. Our insulation business is recovering as raw material supply increases and costs moderate. We anticipate insulation sales improving, as declining material cost allow us to be more competitive with other product alternatives as we progress through the year. The Godfrey Hirst acquisition is progressing as we expected along with our other smaller acquisitions in the segment. Plans are being executed to integrate and optimize the performance of all these acquisitions. I'll now turn the call over to Frank, who will cover our financial performance for the first quarter.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Chris. Net sales for the quarter were $2,412 million, growing 9% over last year, of which 4% was from currency and 2% from acquisitions. Our gross margin as reported 29.2% or 29.9% excluding charges with price, mix, productivity, currency and volume all offsetting inflation and lower IP. SG&A as reported was $436 million or 18.1% of sales, with 17.8% of sales excluding charges, which improved 40 basis points over last year. As we leverage our cost against higher sales and continued to control costs. Unusual charges for the quarter were $23 million, and primarily related to plant consolidation and integration of acquisitions across all three segments. Our operating income excluding charges was $292 million, up 5% over last year with a margin of 12.1%. Price mix of $38 million and productivity of $31 million offset inflation of $52 million. Our operating income was up significantly when adjusted for incremental startup cost of $9 million, patents that expired in 2017 and higher depreciation from our increased investments. The income tax rate improved to 20% from 25.6%, as the 2017 tax reform drove the overall rates down. We estimate our second quarter rate to be between 20% and 21%. Earnings per share excluding charges, was $3.01, an increase of 11% over last year. Turning to the segments. The Global Ceramic Segment had sales of $877 million growing 12%, of which 6% was from acquisitions and 4% from currency. Our operating income, excluding charges, at $117 million with margin of 13.3%. Productivity of $14 million and volume of $11 million, offset $13 million of inflation and $7 million of price mix decline. In the Flooring North American Segment, sales were $950 million compared to $939 million in 2017 with good growth in residential carpet and LVT. Our operating income excluding charges was $91 million compared to $94 million of operating income last year. Price mix of $14 million and productivity of $13 million, offset inflation of $25 million. In the Flooring Rest of World Segment, sales were $585 million with solid growth of 18% over last year, 14% of the growth was attributable to currency gains. We had strong growth that continued in LVT as our leadership position in that category advantages us over our competitors. Operating income excluding charges was $93 million and increased 19% over last year. Price mix of $31 million, currency of $6 million and productivity of $4 million, offset inflation of $14 million along with lower IP income. In the Corporate and Eliminations segment, the operating loss was $9 million, and we expect the segment loss to range between $35 million and $45 million for the full year. Jumping to the balance sheet. Receivables ended the quarter to $1,690 million with days sales outstanding of 56 days. Inventories were $2,045 million with inventory days at 116 days, which improved over the fourth quarter. Inventory turns continue to be impacted by increasing inflation and our backwards integration. Fixed assets ended quarter at $4,461 million. Our first quarter capital expenditures was $251 million with D&A of $123 million. We're estimating CapEx for 2018 of approximately $750 million with depreciation and amortization of about $525 million, which exceeds last year by $75 million. Long-term debt ended the quarter at $2.9 billion with leverage at 1.5 times debt-to-EBITDA. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff. Jeff?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Around the globe, we are starting up a number of large investments that will significantly enhance our long-term results by expanding existing sales, adding product categories and entering new markets. As anticipated this year, we'll have non-reoccurring reduction and operating income of $70 million to $75 million, comprised of $30 million to $35 million from higher startup costs, $40 million from patented expired in 2017. In 2018, incremental depreciation of $75 million will curtail our operating margins until our sales reach a level to fully absorb these investments. Changes in the U.S. tax law will reduce our adjusted tax rate from 26% last year to an estimated 21% this year. Taking all of this into account our EPS guidance for the second quarter is $3.89 to $3.98, excluding any one-time charges. During the balance of 2018, our sales growth should improve as we increase the use of our new production, introduce additional products and complete the acquisition of Godfrey Hirst. We estimate that Godfrey Hirst acquisition will close by the end of May and will increase revenue by $180 million and EPS by $0.25 per share this year. In the third quarter, higher prices, mix and productivity should increase our adjusted operating income above last year, even with the lower margin. In the fourth quarter, our adjusted operating income and margin should exceed 2017, as the impact from startups and patent decline. We are confident that our new investments will create significant opportunities, with potential to have equal or greater profitability than our present businesses. We are adding $500 million of LVT with huge growth potential; $400 million of new product categories or geographies, including countertops, sheet vinyl and carpet tile; and $500 million of new capacity in constrained areas including ceramic outside the United States, laminate with new capabilities and polyester carpet. With the strength of our organization, we can execute additional acquisitions if appropriate risk and return can be achieved. The market is focused on the next two quarters, where we are absorbing material increases, startup and IT expiration. And overlooking the significant impact of our actions, we'll have on our sales and profitability in 2019 and beyond. Our management, cash generation and balance sheet will enable us to continue our aggressive growth strategies. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Wood from Nomura Instinet.
Michael Wood: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. First question on ceramics, the price mix decline that you called out, how much of that was from the distribution and retail mix shift? And can you just give us some color as to whether or not that's temporary or does it bleed over into second quarter and beyond?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Our product mix declined in the U.S. due to higher sales in home centers and builders, as well as increasing promotions. We had incremental startup cost of $3 million from our new quartz plant. We're introducing higher styled products and reducing our annual fixed cost by $9 million. And sales and margins outside the U.S. are strong.
Michael Wood: But, yeah, can you just elaborate on whether or not that negative mix shift that you called out, is that a one quarter temporary issue or does it continue?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It continues.
Michael Wood: Okay, got it. At a high level, looking at your guidance for second quarter, the earnings growth is lower than what you actually achieved in first quarter. Now, I would have thought we would have seen some headwinds start to fade like the UNILIN patent, startup cost. And you would have time for price recovery. So could you just give some color in terms of what's offsetting some of those headwinds that may be starting to fade in 2Q that's limiting that earnings growth?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Your assumptions that they are fading are wrong. The IP continues as a big decline. The startup costs grow in the second quarter. And what else - and the material inflation is getting impacted. And we've hardly - and we haven't got any price increase at all. And we won't start getting price increase till the end of the second quarter and then into the third quarter.
Michael Wood: Okay, that's very helpful color. Thank you.
Frank Boykin: The other thing I would point out to there, remember we got incremental depreciation of $75 million this year spread across all four quarters.
Operator: Our second question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JP Morgan.
Frank Boykin: Hello.
Operator: You may go ahead with your question.
Frank Boykin: Maybe we should go to the
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Got to the next one.
Frank Boykin: Let's go to the next one.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley from Barclays.
Matthew Bouley: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to follow up on Jeff, what you kind of quantified at the end of your prepared remarks. You've separated out some of the capacity that's currently initiating production and ramping, and then the several areas that are set to commence. And it sounded like you quantified $1.3 billion across some of the new capacity. So are you able to just kind of separate out, where you are on the utilization of the plants you have that are currently ramping, as well as the outlook for the timing of that new capacity that you've mentioned will be opening during this year? Thank you.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The problem is there are about 20 different activities going on. The activities range from starting up new plants that was never operated before and have no sales which will take long periods of time to get them ramped up. It could be sheet vinyl in Russia or carpet tile in Europe. And those are startup projects from ground up, with no sales and marketing to begin with. And then we have other projects that we have significant sales already that will be added to, those will come up different. And then you have no new plants such as quartz countertops. We haven't manufactured before, but we've assembled experts from around the world. We have LVT product lines that haven't been run before, they're starting up. So I mean trying to get down to a month by month and quarter by quarter doesn't really make any sense.
Matthew Bouley: Understood, that's helpful. So, I guess, on the new LVT line specifically and, obviously, you've highlighted that LVT is taking share across categories here including ceramic in the U.S. Are you able to kind of outline how your margin profile differs between the U.S. ceramic business and the U.S. or the new lines on the U.S. LVT business? Just trying to think about how that margin profile will shift as you do ramp on these new facilities here. Thank you.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: In the remarks, we were trying to say that our expectations for the total of all these should be equal or greater than our business average in the margins and profitability. And they're going to be different from one to the other, as well as what part - where they are within the startup strategy over time.
Matthew Bouley: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari from Credit Suisse.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Susan Maklari: The first question is around, you made a comment in your opening remarks on some efforts to increase your customer base in Global Ceramic. Can you just give us a little bit more color there on what you're doing in any specific geographies within that?
Christopher Wellborn: Well, we're doing things in all geographies. We're introducing new slip-resistant tiles and large sized commercial projects. We're expanding our builder and commercial distribution. We're increasing our sales in home centers in Mexico and South America. We're ramping up new tile and stone centers. And we will soon begin manufacturing quartz countertops with the opportunity to become a leader in the category.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you. And then second question is just on the productivity. It sounds like you're off to a pretty decent start there. Any updates on that as we're now past the first quarter how we should be thinking about it for the year?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think we said the last time that the productivity would approximate 140 and with some of the niche - the new initiatives, we're thinking it's going to be a little higher, but some of the benefits that you don't all get in this year.
Susan Maklari: Okay. So still around 140 for this year, but potentially higher as we exit the year. Is that how we should think about it?
Frank Boykin: I think it will be for the full year a little bit higher than the 140, and then we'll have some projects like Jeff was saying that start this year. And then you get part of the benefit this year and part of the benefit next year.
Susan Maklari: All right, all right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. The $52 million you gave on inflation impact for the quarter. I just want to confirm that includes transportation costs. And do you expect a similar number for the next quarter or two, based on where
Christopher Wellborn: The inflation does include transportation. And inflation is a moving target and it's hard to say what the number is going to be as we look down the road. And it's
Keith Hughes: Okay. And
Christopher Wellborn: Any kind of estimate we got is - any kind of guess we got that is built into our estimates right now.
Keith Hughes: Okay. And on the negative price mix and ceramic that you listed out, can you break down how much of that was price, how much of that was mix? Hello.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: No.
Keith Hughes: Hello.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We don't have that, because the introductions of our different products in different categories, it's difficult to separate it into specific things and the estimates become so large it doesn't make sense to try to separate it.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Is that something that - I know you talked pretty possibly in the release about the new introductions that are going to be coming in, the new capacity coming in. That seems like that's something that would turn around given the history of ceramics. Is that your view for the year?
Christopher Wellborn: Yeah, what we have is LVT is impacting our business in North America. And we also had the higher freight and startup costs. Our ceramic business grew in all regions. And in North America, we increased our share in that new home construction and home centers. We're launching new products and reducing our costs, which will improve our margins going forward.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We were trying to get across in the statements that when we put out introductions, we know the margins of those relative to our average. So our - the average into - the introductions are at higher points, which we assume as we push those in the marketplace will help offset part of it.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen East from Wells Fargo.
Stephen East: Thank you, and good morning, guys. Just to follow up on the raw materials. Frank, could you maybe rank order which raw materials where you're seeing the biggest impact including transportation if that's a big one? And then, as you look at - are you seeing some ongoing escalation of any of those or do you think the pricing that you're putting through now is going to cover what you see as you move through the year?
Frank Boykin: Let's see if I can sort of get you directionally. The chemical costs are the biggest parts in the materials and the ones that use chemicals to go into them would have the highest one, which are carpet and vinyl. Now, it doesn't mean that the other ones aren't there. But those have much higher percentages of chemicals then, let's say laminate, which just the top is affected. And in the freight rates, the United States - it's the freight rates in the United States, there are all kinds of things going on with the transportation, because capacity was tight to begin with. The regulations that they put through reduce the capacity even further, with the regulatory changes. And with that we're also investing more in our own trucking fleet to take a higher percentage of it with all those going on.
Stephen East: Okay. All right, that's helpful to me. And then, if you look at your ceramic in North America, you gave a lot of examples of what was driving your business. Your core sales were up 2% and 1%. Where are you seeing the offsets in your business that you probably need to redouble your efforts on those two categories?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, again, LVT is taking a portion of the market. And what we've done is increased our share of the new home construction and home center business. The biggest impact right now is in the re-modeling business in the retail stores, but it's growing - I don't know - it's growing in all the parts. The good news is that we have huge capacities coming on. We're introducing new products to participate in the LVT. And we'll maintain or grow our shares in the other categories.
Stephen East: Okay. So retail is where you think you're seeing the biggest. I wouldn't call it disruption, but
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I don't want to - it also goes into all kinds of commercial installations. I mean. LVT in the United States is not like any other part of the world. It's probably approaching almost 15% of the industry. And we haven't seen anything do this since carpet in the 60s.
Stephen East: Okay, all right. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Baugh from Stifel.
John Baugh: Thank you. Good morning. I wondered about the comment that ceramic improved in the first quarter sequentially. Was that a March quarter to December quarter comment or was that January through March as well?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The comment was from fourth quarter last year compared to first quarter, the rate of growth improved.
John Baugh: Okay. And then - and this is a question that maybe is U.S. focused, and not just ceramic, but overall. We heard about a tough start to the year in January and February. But we've heard that business in general has picked up in March and April in the U.S. again. Have you seen that yourselves, any color there and Chris you walk through a whole bunch of things, you're doing in ceramic domestically, and of course, there was some noise last year with the home centers. I'm just curious, if you can give any color, I don't know, on the progression you see in U.S. ceramic sales as we go through 2018 and/or into 2019? Thank you.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I would say also that the first part of the year, when it started, it started off a little slower than we had expected. But we're presently still with the same estimate of 3% to 4% growth for the industry for this year is our best estimate at this time.
Christopher Wellborn: Yeah, I'd also add besides just the impact from LVT that we're doing a lot of new things in the U.S. with this slip resistant products, with the quartz coming on, so we have a lot of areas where we can grow our business.
John Baugh: Great. Thank you and good luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Ng from Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Hey, guys. As we look at 2019, appreciating that your IP earnings and the headwind from the startup costs should start reversing. Can you talk about how you're positioned on a productivity standpoint? And you get back each on track to delivering the type of operating leverage we've seen in your business in the past?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: What you should see is, as you said, the IP changes should be behind us. The startup costs, we haven't put a plan together for next year, so I can't tell you what it's going to be. But the startup costs should be down with $35 million more this year than we were last year, and last year was probably the highest on record. So we would expect it to come down assuming we don't come up with more new projects, but I don't know that yet. The same time this year not in the startup costs, is that once the plant gets turned on and turned over to the operational group. You get 100% of the depreciation even though you're running at limited amount. So as that ramps up, the cost will fall and allow us to expand the margins going forward, and all of those things will start happening next year and we should get a significant jump in all the pieces.
Philip Ng: Okay. That's helpful. And then Jeff, I think last call you mentioned, you're seeing good operating and deploy your capital internally and M&A. But given the big pullback in your stock here, can give us a sense how you're thinking about that? And we would certainly agree with the market being a little more too focused about some of the near-term headwinds you're seeing? Thanks.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We believe that our business isn't doing really well. We are - our cash flow is significant, and we believe that - you can see this year, we've announced acquisitions, we've announced significant spending on capital. And by the time, we get to the end of the year we hope to find more new projects for the future. There's always companies who want to sell. The question is not if there's companies wanting to sell. The question is can we find the right valuations, and we have the right things, we can do to help it. So we get the returns on it. As we go forward, we still have the capability of our management to execute multiple acquisitions at the same time, and we're always looking. And we don't see any limitations in our ability to continue growing our business and all the categories. And at the same time, you see as this year we're doing more Greenfield operations, and I would consider more of them in the future in addition, if all of things come together and we can find the right investments. At some point, we would be quite comfortable buying our own stock back.
Philip Ng: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Rednor from Zelman Associates.
Scott Rednor: Hi, good morning. Jeff, in the Rest of the World business it's very hard for us to see kind of what the underlying growth rates are just given the patent headwind and various other things. It sounds like in Europe, the LVT markets growing double digits. Do you guys think, you're getting your fair share of that in the international scheme?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: LVT is really primarily a U.S. business, and it's starting - in Europe, it's probably three, four years behind could be more. Out of that, we have the largest participation in it and we intend to grow the most in it, we believe that our strategy unlike others, of having low-cost, high-volume capacity gives us competitive advantages in both marketplaces and with best position in Europe than anybody.
Scott Rednor: So I guess more broadly recognizing that you went through the shift from soft surface to hard surface prior to last housing cycle and margins today are significantly higher. I think you alluded to this as the largest shift from - towards LVT from other products. How do you leave investors confident that you can leverage your current assets to continue to drive margins higher over the next three to five years?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So - at the moment, it's a U.S. question, because you don't have the same growth in LVT. But to start with, we have over $ 1 billion, we'll get through not long of LVT capacity. And as the market will absorb it, we'll keep growing the capacity further. So we're well positioned and where it's going. In the existing assets and businesses, I think that we have the premium positions in the categories. We have low cost market, but production assets. And whatever the competition is going to be, we're going to get our fair share or more.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Loop Capital Markets.
Laura Champine: Good morning. So you mentioned that LVT is growing very rapidly to 15% of the industry. And my question is, whether or not you see that once your capacity is fully ramped out, what you've got planned anyway. Do you think that your Flooring North America Segment will also be 50% or more devoted to LVT? Or will you still under index here?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Listen, I'd like to have more, is it. There is no constraints on our ability to expand capacity. So it takes - now with where we are, probably it takes a little over a year to execute it. So we'll go for four, five months, and see what happens. And if we see we're going to be able to grow up further, there's nothing that's stopping us from keep going on capacity in the United States.
Laura Champine: But more directly, Jeff, once you're fully ramped on all the LVT capacity, you've got planned approximately what percent of your total North American Flooring capacity will that represent?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I don't know that off the top of my head. I don't even know my present North American capacity is off the top of my head with all these businesses. It will be - I would guess it's still going to be less than our market share of everything else of the average. We have much higher market shares in the other pieces, is it. Now, what's happened is we made a conscious decision to hold up going after the marketplace as aggressively. Our sourcing some, but almost everybody else is sourcing almost everything they're buying from China. So we made a decision to put in capacity and we didn't want to spend all the marketing cost and then throw it out six, nine months later. So it's held us up a little bit from being as far along as we would like. But I believe that we're going to be the best position in the marketplace, when we get through, and we'll keep growing it as the market will accept it.
Laura Champine: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lovallo from Bank of America.
John Lovallo: Hey, guys, thank you for taking my questions. The first one is, you mentioned that most of the - or a lot of the raw material inflation is in carpet and vinyl. Just curious, are there opportunities in your recycling business to step up that to be a bigger positive impact.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We're running all of our recycling pieces that capacity, so it's hard to push much more through it. We have announced to put an investment in this year that will be running the end of the year to increase our recycling and extrusion capacity relative to that, we'll be running in, and I don't know if it's the third or fourth quarter, is it. So we're expanding it, but we're utilizing all that we have presented.
John Lovallo: Okay. That's helpful. And then, I guess the follow up would be can you just remind us what freight is as a percentage of your COGS in North America?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Anybody know the answer?
Frank Boykin: Low to mid-single digits as a percent.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The problem is, it's really different based on product and pieces you go through, so I don't really know what the number is off the top of my head.
Frank Boykin: And I think that percentages is not a cost of goods, but of sales I just gave you there.
John Lovallo: Low-single-digit?
Frank Boykin: Yeah. Low to mid.
John Lovallo: Low to mid. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: But it's different by products ceramics higher than others. Carpet is - you go into different distribution channels, they pick it up and we don't have anything to do with it. So everyone is different.
John Lovallo: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Wojs from Baird.
Timothy Wojs: Hey, guys, good morning. Maybe just a following up on that last question. Frank, I guess, specifically in ceramic, when you think about freight. Is there an ability to put through any sort of freight surcharges? Or have you done that? I'm curious just how you can maybe offset some of that inflation on the freight side?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We already do that. We have surcharges on it that we move up and down with the freight costs trying to recover it, as we go through. But it depends on the market conditions and where you are. Sometimes, we recover all, and sometimes, we recover less.
Timothy Wojs: Do you feel like you're recovering more of it today?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It depends by product category and region. I have to give you different answers. It depends on the competitive situation in each product, in each market of where it's going. But we try to recover all of it back. In some cases, we can get more and in some cases we get less, and we hope it all works out.
Timothy Wojs: Okay. Fair enough. And then just maybe in carpet, have you guys seen any changing competitive dynamics at all just within the carpet business. I know, you guys have put through a fair amount of pricing offset raw materials. So just any sort of resistance from customers or anything like that, any color there would be helpful.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I haven't met a customer yet that likes to pay more for anything. What happened to it all, but we're trying to align the raw materials with our cost better and the increases. So we started in the fourth quarter, we saw it coming. But we underestimated dramatically what was going to happen. We announced an increase, the rest of the industry followed. We got into the first quarter and we saw getting worse. We announced another increase, the industry followed. So we're all acting rationally.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of the David MacGregor from Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Yes, good morning, everyone. Just to pick-up on the discussion on LVT. I guess, as you ramp the LVT plants, how much more profitable is the manufactured product versus the sourced product?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We aren't really looking at - we weren't able to compete with sourced products. And - we're using sourced to either give us products that are slightly different from where we are once we get it up or to act as buffers as the business changes, and we need more capacity as we go through. We made a conscious choice, as I said before, we're lagging the industry a little bit, we started from a low base. And we're lagging, because we postponed the aggressive introductions. But starting about last - the end of last year, we're moving into every market and every product category as fast as we can go to use up all this capacity that we're putting in.
David MacGregor: Right. But as you bring up that manufacturing capacity, you substitute that out for the sourced product, the unit margin should be up. Shouldn't it? Is that 20%, 30% lift? I'm just trying to get a sense of what that might be?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I don't know. We're not going to get that granular detail I can just tell you that we can be competitive with whatever we need to be.
David MacGregor: Okay. Is that - the second line, it becomes more fully ramped, how will you mix between residential and commercial?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I'm not sure, we're starting out with a preconceived idea. The - typically, commercial is lower run sizes and lower units. But higher margins in the residential is higher volume at lower margins. And then you have with the product category, rigid LVT, which is what the new plan is going to do, is growing at the top end, and it's a limited portion of the commercial business. So we'll just have to manage the assets to whatever the customers want. Our new facilities will make any other product types that customers desire, and we'll just balance it between them as they go forward and we'll optimize - once we if we ever get - if we get to a point where we're constrained. We hope to either put more in, or we'll manage the mix based on what makes the most sense for our business and operations.
David MacGregor: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard: Hi. Two questions for you. First of all on the U.S. ceramic business, last quarter you talked about, I think, North America was down but improved through the quarter. Could you just give us perspective on the U.S. ceramic growth rate in the quarter, and how it performed in the quarter?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, we improved our growth rate in the quarter as we took more business in new home construction and home centers.
Frank Boykin: So it improved as we went through the quarter.
Eric Bosshard: Is it still down? Or is the business now growing in total here on a year-over-year basis?
Frank Boykin: The business is up. It's not up as much as I'd like it to be, though.
Eric Bosshard: Okay.
Christopher Wellborn: Our ceramic business grew in all regions.
Eric Bosshard: Okay, great. Thank you, Chris. The - secondly on - Jeff in terms of the LVT business, I'm curious your thoughts on how the category is evolving in two areas: one in terms of the changing designs of the product; and then secondly the import capacity that's been added. I'm curious how you view those two dynamics influencing the LVT effort of yours in the U.S.?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: You have to start from that up to now, the category is growing so rapidly, I mean, it's absorbing anything and everything, is it. There's more capacity coming on in China to support it, which is where most of its coming. As you'd expect, as things mature, the prices are getting a little lower in some cases depending upon the product category. And the designing, everybody keeps coming up with different designs to do differently. And in anything that's in this stage you have a lot of innovation going on both in materials, product types, designing across the board, and it's all part of the maturing process. The question is, how big - as the base gets bigger, what rates are going to grow and when is it going to peak out, and I have no idea.
Eric Bosshard: Related to that, as you think about your opportunity the capacity you're adding, will there be a third and a fourth U.S. facility, and when would that happen? How do you think about, I know you commented on this earlier, but how do you think about the timing and opportunity in regards to that?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Depending upon what we see over the next three to six months, we could make a decision to put more in.
Eric Bosshard: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of the Alvaro Lacayo from Gabelli.
Alvaro Lacayo: Good morning. I just have a question regarding the pricing actions that have already been taken. If you could maybe comment on just price realization and has it met expectations? And maybe if you could provide some conjecture in terms of product categories, where you're seeing better realization than others? And then on the comment regarding industry rationalization everybody increasing price would that include product that's being imported and how does that impact your ability to realize price going forward?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So the major part of the price increases, we've been talking about is around carpet, which has had the biggest impact. And the carpet price increases, we've announced the increase and they're going up. We hope to have most of them in place in the third quarter to help offsetting - offset it. The price increases in vinyl with the increase in the LVT that's going on and the capacities that are coming in, there's a reduction in price rather than increase going on in pricing in it.
Alvaro Lacayo: Thank you. And then with regards just to the capacity that's coming online this year, I mean, over the last year that $1.4 billion has been the number that you guys have talked about, and it seems like most of that capacity will be coming online at some point during this year. It also seems like you're interested in continuing high levels of capital expenditures. But I'm just wondering with all this capacity that's coming online now, what are the CapEx plans beyond 2018, considering that at this point you're probably have some time to go before you could absorb demand with all the new capacity that's coming online.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: If I had to give you my best guess now, which is it has no value, is that I would assume that the capital expenditures would decline next year, because we won't need all this new capacity, unless we can come up with new projects, new greenfield things. And at the same time, when we do acquisitions, when we buy the business, typically we try to figure out ways to make them better than they were before we got them. And it's not unusual to significantly invest in either upgrading the assets or putting them into new product innovations or pieces, so it's not unusual that we buy something. We'll put $50 million in it without even thinking to help it get to the next start. So it all depends on all those things as we go through it.
Alvaro Lacayo: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JP Morgan.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good afternoon now. Thanks for taking my question, and sorry about the earlier phone issues. I wanted to circle back and maybe ask the CapEx question from a different perspective. If you look back at the last cycle, your Cap Ex as a percent of sales was pretty consistent around a 2% to 3% of sales type of average. And obviously, in the last five years it's been more in the high single digits as a percentage of sales. So kind of asked a different way and understand that, obviously, there's a lot of capacity expansion investment in the acquisitions and so forth. But from an industry structure standpoint, I was just curious if there's anything that's kind of changed in the industry or the way that you have to be competitive within the industry that requires a higher level of capital investment. Jeff, you just said that you would expect Cap Ex to maybe decline next year. But would it still be in something of a mid-single-digit percent of sales range, because it certainly appears very different than the last cycle in terms of the level of required investment.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let's see the best way to try to answer it. Our assets are among the best in the industry in every category. We have low cost high efficient assets. And we're constantly looking to improve them from there to stay at the leading front business. Anything that we can do that makes economic sense, which gives us returns and paybacks, that meet our expectations, we will put on and continue doing, because we have the capital to do it. And it will enhance our performance both short-term and long-term. At the same time, we have a huge organization that can take on a lot of things. And if we can find new products such as quartz countertops in United States, such as sheet vinyl in Russia, such as carpet tile in Europe, I mean we're building new businesses from scratch as you go through. And I know sometimes from the outside it's a little uncomfortable, because you guys would like it predictable by quarter. These things that have our startups, you find things that happen good and bad. And you can't exactly get them. The customers aren't sitting there, waiting on you to show up. And you have to give them reasons and build relationships to do it. Now, in the long-term these things over five years will be much higher returns than anything I can do other than my internal investments that I turn on and start up almost immediately. So to answer the question is we have a huge cash flow that's growing. We have an organization that's creative and executes well. And if we can continue doing these things, these are what is going to allow us to grow our earnings and our share value higher than the market over time. And they all come back to return on investment and risk. And I don't know how to give you specifics. And the answer is, if we can find those opportunities and it makes sense and they have reasonable risks, we're going to use our capital to do them. And they will give you higher returns to me giving the money back to you.
Michael Rehaut: Understood. And, again, we're just coming - I understand all the rationale behind the investment. But I was just curious from a - I guess from another angle, from a structural angle so. But I appreciate that, Jeff. That's helpful. I guess, secondly, just drilling down a little bit on the Global Ceramics segment, you highlighted that some of the year-over-year margin decline driven by a mix - increased mix towards home centers and builders. But just to focus on the home centers or kind of a two part. Number one, if you can give us a sense of how much mix accounted for the 150 bps year-over-year drop in margins. And in terms of the home centers, higher sales for the home centers for the ceramic business, if that's something that we should expect to continue over the next one to two years, I think for a long time you've talked about, if I recall correctly, being a little under indexed to that distribution channel, just any thoughts around that.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let's see if I can get close to you. If the industry growth slows down, we have to go take share in the pieces that are growing the most. The builder channel has the most growth in it. And then, we're going to be more aggressive in all the pieces. Now, in - in the typically the specialty channel uses higher value stuff that's more differentiated, that's prettier than the other channels. So if we're selling more into the other channels it affects our product mix as we go through, as if. We manage the business based on utilizing the assets. And at the same time, we have to balance it with our margins, as if. I don't know if you know. When we go into recessions we change strategies and we start selling much lower value products. We go in and start taking in ceramic. I don't know if you know, about 50% or more of the industry is imported. So when things slow down, we go after the things where they make a home in it. And that's just to use the capacity and as we come out, we change the mix again. So we're just in this part where we anticipate it and growing more the whole industry, that LVT is taking it. And we're now readjusting our strategies to get more of what's left.
Christopher Wellborn: The other thing, Michael, I would add is that while LVT is impacting it in the U.S., when you get to markets like Mexico, where we're growing fast, Russia where we're growing fast, and even in Europe we've been able to improve our product mix, so the ceramic sector is a global business with a lot of levers.
Michael Rehaut: And the impact on the mix, on the margin for the quarter?
Frank Boykin: Yeah, I think I had mentioned it earlier. It's about $7 million.
Michael Rehaut: Right, so that's true. Thanks. Sorry about that. Great, thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI.
Stephen Kim: Yeah, thanks very much, guys. I appreciate it. I just wanted to revisit the $1.4 billion number, Jeff, that you talked about. I mean, a year ago you were talking about a sales opportunity at $1.4 billion from planned capacity additions. At that point, it was off of the base of 2016 rev. Now, even though you're a bigger company than you were - have more sales than you had then, it sounds like you're still looking for another $1.4 billion in potential sales. Just want to confirm that this $1.4 billion is growth over what your annualized run rate of sales is right now. And also, if you didn't have all these capacity additions planned, do you still think you'd be able to grow sales 1% or 2% per year anyway even without those expansions?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think what you're asking is, there's two parts. One is that the reason it is hard to talk about capacity is it's a moving target. So if you go back a year ago, I was putting in - a year ago we were ramping up a ceramic plant in the United States. That was in the number a year ago. And now this year that's off the list. The plant is running pretty good and that one has dropped off and something new has come on. So that number happens to be the same as a random event, as if.
Stephen Kim: Yeah.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: If I can tell you. Second from that is, in the growth of the business all of this is - as you were right, all of this isn't going to be incremental. And at all points in time we have businesses increasing sales, business decreasing sales. And you have profits going up and down. So it's - 100% of this isn't going to fall to the bottom line but major parts of it are, as if. I mean, if you take the thing and just take our average EBITDA 20% times 1.5, you got $300 million of EBITDA if it all fell to the bottom. I'm not telling you it's all going to fall to the bottom. But the numbers are so big. I mean, I don't think the group is focusing on the opportunities that we're investing in. And if you look at it, the $1.4 billion - don't hold me to this. I think it might put it, just the incremental in capacity we're adding might be equal to with the top five or six flooring producers in the world.
Stephen Kim: Yeah. All right, I appreciate that. The second question I had related to the rest of world business, we saw kind of a noticeable slowdown in volume growth in 1Q. You had made some comments about laminate capacity sort of running full out. I was curious whether or not there was a particular thing you could highlight as to maybe why the volume growth was little slower this quarter. And in particular, it looks like if it was sort of a - if this run rate kind of thing continues, it looks like we might expect over tougher comps, maybe a negative volume number in rest of world volume. I just want to make sure that we understand that properly.
Christopher Wellborn: I can answer that. So our ongoing business had good growth with LVT and wood panels performing the best. Our LVT was constrained in the period and the new production will increase sales and add new products. Our investments in laminate, carpet tile, sheet vinyl will further enhance the business. So we have a lot of things that's going to improve it going forward.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: And then the Godfrey Hirst acquisition is going to go under there also, as if.
Stephen Kim: Sure, sure. Yeah, I will talk about volume executing Godfrey Hirst. So, Chris, it would be your expectation that some of the things you just mentioned should elevate 2Q volumes.
Christopher Wellborn: Well, I don't know exactly by quarter. But I can tell you that the capacity we're adding in LVT is coming up, plus later on in the year we'll have these investments in laminate, carpet tile, sheet vinyl, all things that should increase the sales of the business over time.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: And so, we don't think as narrow as you guys by month, as if. These things, you start setting them up and putting them in. I mean, it may be two or three months longer or it might be two or three months shorter than our plans. That's just part of the deal.
Stephen Kim: Yeah. All right, I appreciate that, guys. Thanks very much.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Christopher Wellborn: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue. I will now turn the call back over to Frank Boykin.
Frank Boykin: Listen, we appreciate you guys joining us. We are excited about our opportunities. We believe we're doing the right thing for the long term of the business as well as the short term. And we think in long term, we're going to have a much stronger business. Have a good day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-09 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank Boykin - CFO Jeff Lorberbaum - CEO Chris Wellborn - COO
Analysts: Keith Hughes - SunTrust John Baugh - Stifel Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI Sam Eisner - Goldman Sachs Michael Eisen - RBC Capital Markets Timothy Wojs - Baird Scott Rednor - Zelman Mike Wood - Nomura Instinet Phil Ng - Jefferies Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan Mike Dahl - Barclays Laura Champine - Roe Equity Research Stephen East - Wells Fargo Christ Kalata - Credit Suisse Pete Galbo - Bank of America David MacGregor - Longbow Research Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, February 9, 2018. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference, sir.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Sia. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries' Quarterly Investors Conference Call. Today we'll update you on the companys results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2017 and provide guidance for the first quarter of 2018. I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.  Ill now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. In 2017, our strong organization and long-term strategies allowed Mohawk to deliver record-breaking results. For the full year, our revenues rose to an all-time high of $9.5 billion, a 6% increase. We generated operating income of $1.4 billion, up 6% as reported and 9% excluding restructuring, acquisition and other charges. Our EBITDA rose to $1.8 billion both records. Our reoccurring business income grew at a much higher rate in 2017 when excluding the expired patent income and the incremental start-up investments. During the year, we identified opportunities for growing our business, differentiating our products, improving our productivity which we supported with over 900 million of internal investments, the highest in our company history. Over the past three years, our strategies of adding new products, increasing our capacities and acquiring new businesses have led to an expanded earnings even as income from our Click patent expired. Our 2017 results reflected the impact of these strategies including 34 million of start-up costs to ramp up new products and production and significant increases in raw materials. During the past year we completed four acquisitions to broaden our product offering and improve our cost structure. These include bolt-on Ceramic businesses in Italy and Poland and a U.S. top mine for ceramic materials and a nylon polymerization plant to further integrate our carpet manufacturing. In 2018, well invest additional 750 million in our existing businesses to complete projects that were begun in 2017 and to commence new initiatives. Our largest investments during the two-year period are the expansion of our LVT in the U.S. and Europe, ceramic capacity increases in the U.S., Mexico, Italy, Poland, Bulgaria and Russia, laminate luxury laminate in the U.S., Europe and Russia, carpet tile in Europe, sheet vinyl in Russia and countertops in the U.S. and Europe, as well as carpet and rugs in the United States. We are awaiting government approvals which take longer in Australia and New Zealand to finalize our acquisition of Godfrey Hirst, the largest flooring producer in those countries. We expect to enhance Godfrey Hirsts strategies as well as our existing U.S. carpet manufacturing as we learn from each other. In addition, we anticipate synergies between Godfrey Hirsts expanding hard surface sales and existing Mohawk distribution in both countries. The U.S. economy strengthened during the Spring and Summer through increased consumer spending, business investments and job creation. The fourth quarter growth moderated, U.S. GDP is forecast to increase in 2018 along with an improving global economy. According to the National Association of Home Builders, single family housing rose 8.5% in 2017 and the organization is predicting further single-family home growth in 2018. Harvards Joint Center for Housing study predicts this year could deliver the strongest remodeling gains in more than a decade with the support of a strong economy, increasing housing values and low unemployment. The American Institute of Architecture is projecting increased construction spending in non-residential buildings noting that national disasters in 2017 and corporate tax relief will support additional building expansion. Outside the U.S., economic growth is projected for the European Union as confidence improves across all business sectors and employment increases across the Euro zone. Higher oil prices should benefit the Russian recovery and Mexico should see continued economic growth consistent with recent years. Turning to our fourth quarter performance, we recorded our best results for the period with sales of $2.4 billion, up 8.5% over the prior-year and operating income of $343 million, growing 13% while absorbing start-up costs of $10 million. In the period, our ongoing business income grew at a much higher rate when excluding the decline in income from patents.  Chris Wellborn, our Chief Operating Officer, will now provide a more detailed look at our fourth quarter performance by segment.
Chris Wellborn: Thank you, Jeff. In the quarter, our Global Ceramic sales increased 10% as reported and 8% on a constant currency and days basis. Sales in Russia and Mexico grew the fastest and our European acquisitions added 6% to our sales. As anticipated we saw improvement in our legacy sales during the period with additional capacity coming online in Mexico, Russia and Europe and strengthening sales in the U.S. The segments operating margin for the period was 14% as reported, up approximately 20 basis points including the cost from upfront investments in countertops, service centers, integration of acquisitions and plant start-ups. We anticipate our ceramic sales growth to increase in 2018. Our U.S. business improved as we progress through the period even with large customers postponing product changes and making reductions in their inventories. We are excited about our innovative new wood and stone ceramic collections with merchandising that conveys their unique features and benefits to consumers. To increase our sales in distribution, we have opened 15 new tile and stone centers in the past 12 months. This year, single-family home construction should provide the greatest growth opportunity for our U.S. tile business. To capitalize on this, we are expanding our partnership with both national and regional builders across the country including both our tile and countertop products. Our counter top sales are accelerating as we increase our distribution points and broaden our quartz offering. We have hired industry experts from around the globe to start our new state-of-the-art quartz countertop plant which should be operational by the end of the year. In the U.S. market, we have also begun introducing porcelain slab countertops, which are being manufactured in our new Italian operations and replicate marble, granite, or other surfaces. Our ability to leverage existing relationships should enable us to achieve a leading position in the fast-growing quartz and porcelain countertop category. During the period, our North American ceramic operations achieved record performances in productivity, quality and cost. Across all facilities, we are improving the recycling of our waste and the safety of our people. The Mexican ceramic market is strong. We are increasing sales with our recently expanded production. Our new Salamanca plant is fully operational and production is ahead of our expectations. We are introducing premium collections with European styling in large formats, which are not currently produced in Mexico. Were also expanding our sales throughout the South American market with our new capacity by providing unique styling and larger sizes. Our European ceramic sales increased substantially and outperformed the market. We benefited from the addition of both our Italian and Polish acquisitions. We have made significant progress in integrating these businesses, broadening their product offerings and enhancing their sales strategies. Weve installed a new production line in Italy, and we are adding new capacity in Poland which will be running in the third quarter to expand our northern and Central European sales. We are expanding Marazzi-branded showrooms and adding commercial specifiers to increase our business. During this quarter, we are starting porcelain slab production which creates large floor and wall tiles as well as furniture, kitchen and bath countertops. Our proprietary Reveal Imaging technology replicates stone, wood and textile visuals on the slabs. We are optimizing our manufacturing by realigning production to our best-suited assets. We are producing larger sizes in the Bulgarian market to increase our sales and enhance our mix. This geographic expansion has strengthened our European ceramic business and will enable further growth across the region. In 2017, the Russian ceramic market improved slightly from the recessionary trough and is still experiencing significant pricing and volume pressure. In this environment, our ceramic business is outperforming the market with sales and margins growing as we increase our market share. Our high-styled offerings, consumer brands, franchised and owned retail stores and efficient operations give us a significant competitive advantage. Weve been operating at full capacity and are expanding our production to satisfy the growing demand and increase our market share. In the fourth quarter, our Flooring North America segment margins increased approximately 130 basis points while absorbing $10 million of restructuring cost and sales rose 3%. During the period we also incurred start-up costs of $2.5 million associated with our new LVT line. Late in the fourth quarter, we implemented a carpet price increase to recover rising inflation. We continue to improve the value proposition and mix of all of our products providing new features and benefits to the consumer. We have started presenting our new collections at our regional shows, and they are being enthusiastically received. Our carpet sales were strong during the period as some customers raised their inventory levels prior to our price changes and residential sales continued to grow faster than commercial. Almost all channels in residential improved, highlighted by the success of our SmartStrand and Continuum product offerings. To better serve our dealers, we have recently combined our hard and soft surface residential sales management. We are seeing improvements in performance as we better leverage our relationships across our entire product portfolio. Our SmartStrand Silk Reserve collections are gaining momentum as luxury consumers choose our super-soft carpets with superior performance. As more homeowners select patterned carpets, the distinctive designs in our premium Karastan brand are driving sales growth. Our revolutionary Airo product is unified soft floor covering that is gaining momentum in the marketplace. Airo is a hypoallergenic fabric that is constructed from 100% recycled materials. The product takes less than half of the typical installation time of a traditional carpet by using only a knife and double-faced tape and can easily be recycled at the end of its life. With our new carpet tile and broadloom collections, our commercial sales are strengthening in most channels, with particular growth in hospitality, institutional, retail and Mainstreet. The enhanced segmentation of our commercial sales organization by channel allows us to better leverage our soft and hard surface portfolios to provide comprehensive project solutions. Sales of our award-winning Lichen Collection are accelerating as customers embrace its leading design and unique sustainability story. We are introducing a new patented backing system in carpet tile to enhance our lower-priced collections. Were expanding our rigid and flexible LVT offerings with specific products tailored for each of the residential, do-it-yourself, apartment and commercial markets. During the quarter, we increased our marketing investments in LVT to expand our sales in anticipation of a new manufacturing line which will be in production in the second quarter. We are introducing RevWood Plus, a revolutionary new waterproof wood product with leading style in larger sizes and contemporary finishes. RevWood Plus creates another unique position for Mohawk in the marketplace. During the quarter, our Flooring Rest of world segment continued to outperform posting an 18% increase in sales as reported and 9% on a constant currency basis as local economies improve and the Euro strengthened. The price increases we implemented over the dramatic changes in our material cost in most of our products. Our reported operating income for the period increased 19% as a result of improved productivity, price, mix and a reduction of restructuring and acquisition charges. Agreements have been finalized with our patent licenses and our IP income has exceeded our original estimates due to our patents growing use in LVT. Excluding the impact of our expired patents, our operating income for our ongoing business increased substantially with all product groups contributing. Weve agreed to acquire Godfrey Hirst, the largest flooring company in Australia and New Zealand, which is focused on carpet and expanding in hard surface Flooring as well as a small European mezzanine floor manufacturer which will enhance our wood panel strategy and differentiate our products. In 2018, weve also finalized the acquisition of two small distributors in Europe to enhance our geographic penetration. Our LVT sales are growing rapidly as we push the limits of our capacity. We have the broadest LVT offering in Europe and we are positioned as the markets style, design and performance leader. Our new LVT line is presently operating two shifts as we refine our processes and improve productivity. Initially we will produce our existing products to satisfy present demand before we add new rigid collections to expand our offering. Our new European carpet tile plant has initiated limited manufacturing with the final operational phases scheduled to come on line this quarter before a full market launch in the second period. We have hired experienced carpet tile salespeople to build our distribution. As the worlds leader in premium laminate, we offer the most recognized brands and best retail merchandising with the highest quality and fastest service in the industry. Our laminate sales are growing, driven by unique features such as planks over two meters long and our exclusive waterproof technology. Our laminate sales are increasing as an alternative to wood due to its more desirable styling, greater durability and easier care. Leveraging our design and technical leadership we are expanding our sheet vinyl distribution in both the residential and commercial channels. Our new plant in Russia should start up in the fourth quarter of 2018. We are preparing for the launch by developing products tailored to the Russian market and assembling and experienced sales organization. Our installation business has strengthened as our pricing aligned with inflation and as material shortages have declined. We anticipate lower material cost in the future as additional supply becomes available. During the period, our wood panel sales and margins improved with increasing demand and improved efficiencies. New panel introductions enhanced our sales and mix and process improvements have reduced our cost. Ill turn the call over to Frank to review our financial performance for the period and year.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Chris. Net sales for the quarter were $2.369 billion, up 8.5% as reported. Our legacy business grew 4% on a constant exchange rate with all segment growth rates improving over the third quarter rates. Our gross margin as reported was 31.8%. Excluding charges, the margin was 32.3% improving over last year as price mix and productivity offset inflation and lower IP. SG&A as reported was 17.3% of sales, or 17.1% excluding charges, which was an improvement of 40 basis points over last year. Unusual charges for the quarter were $15 million. They were primarily related to plant consolidation and acquisitions in Flooring North America and in Global Ceramic. Our operating margin excluding charges was 15.1%. Thats up 40 basis points over last year with positive price mix of $59 million and productivity of $44 million, offsetting $57 million of inflation, as well as incremental start-up cost of $5 million and lower IP income. Interest expense was $7 million during the quarter. We estimate annual interest expense to range from $33 million to $37 million in 2018, excluding the Godfrey Hirst acquisition. In other income and loss, we have a loss in the quarter of $4 million compared to a gain of $2 million last year. The difference is primarily related to foreign exchange movements. In income taxes, our tax rate excluding nonrecurring items was 27.2% for the quarter compared to 23.6% last year. The 2017 tax reform resulted in a fourth quarter non-cash benefit of $151 million for revaluation of deferred taxes offset by a charge of $152 million for unrepatriated foreign earnings. The tax will be paid over eight years beginning in 2019. Our 2018 first quarter tax rate should range from 19.5% to 20.5% and for the year is expected to be about 21%. Our 2019 tax rate is anticipated to increase by about 2 percentage points. Earnings per share excluding charges was $3.42, an increase of 5% over last year even with lower IP and higher start-up cost this year. If we move to the segments, in the Global Ceramics segment sales were $824 million, an increase of 10% as reported. Our legacy business is up 2% on a constant basis with all regions growing. Our growth rate improved this quarter over last quarter. Our operating margin excluding charges was 14% with productivity of $16 million and volume of $6 million covering inflation of $12 million. In the Flooring North America segment sales were $999 million, a 3% increase. We had good growth in both LVT and in Carpet. Our operating margin excluding charges was 16.7%. It improved 160 basis points as positive price mix of $21 million and productivity of $22 million offset $20 million of inflation. In the Flooring Rest of World segment sales were $546 million, up 18% as reported. Sales grew 9% on a constant exchange rate basis with all major categories improving. Both price, mix and volume drove higher sales. Our operating margin excluding charges was 15.8%. Our higher operating income in the quarter was impacted by positive price mix of $35 million and productivity of $6 million along with better volume offsetting inflation of $24 million and lower IP. As a reminder, we will continue to have a year-over-year headwind from the expired patent revenue until June of this year. In the Corporate and Eliminations segment, our operating loss excluding charges was $10 million. We expect the segment loss to range from $35 million to $45 million in 2018. Jumping to the balance sheet, our receivables ended the quarter at $1.558 billion with days sales outstanding of 59 days. Our inventories were $1.949 billion with inventories at 119 days. Inventories have been impacted by higher raw material cost, ramp up of new products and backwards integration. We anticipate lowering our inventory next year. Property, plant and equipment was $4.2 billion. In the fourth quarter, we had capital expenditures of $251 million with depreciation and amortization of $118 million. We are estimating capital expenditures for 2018 of almost $750 million with depreciation and amortization estimated at approximately $520 million. In long term debt, our total debt was $2.8 billion with leverage at 1.4 times debt to EBITDA. Ill now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. The record results that Mohawk delivered reflect the unique strategy that combine the best features of a large, well-run public company, a private acquisition firm and a venture capital group. Our organizations capability to continuously expand by innovating our products, increasing our portfolio and participating in new regions is unsurpassed in the market. This year, to enhance our long-term growth and profitability, we will invest $60 million to $70 million starting up new operations to expand our market position and geographical scope. Of these investments, about one-third is in noncash depreciation due to limited utilization, one-third is for marketing to expand our distribution and one-third is for the cost of ramping up new production. In the first quarter, we anticipate all segments improving sales and the introduction of innovative products across our portfolio. In Flooring North America, the timing of our carpet price increase moved some sales into the prior quarter. Our ongoing operating results, excluding the expired patents and start-up investments, was substantially improved in the first quarter. Our earnings will benefit from our past acquisitions, a stronger euro, as well as our 2018 global tax rate, which will decline to approximately 21% due to tax reform. Taking all of this into account, our EPS guidance for the first quarter is $2.93 to $3.02, excluding any onetime charges. The acquisition of Godfrey Hirst will be completed later this year after normal closing conditions are concluded. We anticipate opportunities to enhance their product innovation and marketing strategies, lower their cost by supplying raw materials and increasing sales of other hard surface products. Godfrey Hirst should be accretive to EPS by $0.35 to $0.40 first year in the first 12 months. Well now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes: You have made some comments on ceramic improving as the quarter went along. Can you just kind of give us your view on the ceramic pace of sales, what caused that, and how we started out 2018?
Chris Wellborn: Yes. Our overall ceramic segment growth was about 8% and were adding capacity in four countries. The U.S. business improved during the quarter and the trends are continuing. With our new plant in Mexico running, were returning to our historical posture to optimize. LVT did increase significantly and has absorbed a large part of the industry growth, but our new U.S. plant will allow us to expand our LVT offering and increase our business.
Keith Hughes: And do you have kind of a feel for what growth rates you think youll see in ceramic in 2018?
Chris Wellborn: I think theyre going to continue to improve. We saw them gradually improve through the fourth quarter and are continuing to improve, so I think youll have gradual improvement through the year.
Chris Wellborn: We still have to be - the LVT growth, depending upon how much it grows this year, could impact the sales growth of everything again next year. Its hard to tell.
Keith Hughes: Final question. Frank had referred to inventory levels coming down in 2018. Is that something youre going to do here early in the year, take down production to get those down? Or will it come gradually as the year goes along?
Frank Boykin: Itll probably be gradual as we go through the year. Now, some of its caused by the increase in raw material prices before the selling price have gotten through and continuing. Some of its caused by further backward integration weve done, and we are going to reduce the inventory some more.
Operator: The next question is from John Baugh with Stifel.
John Baugh: I was curious you commented that ceramic was strong, I believe, in Russia and Mexico, and I wonder if you could comment in those two markets specifically what the dynamic is between LVT incursion versus ceramic growth. Are the dynamics different in those markets for the U.S.? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The U.S. LVT is different than the Rest of the World. It depends on a couple of things. One is I would guess were probably at least two years or more ahead of Europes adaptation, theyre using it but not at the same rates in Europe. And then, when you move into other markets where ceramic is a much lower cost product to produce as well as to install, the cost difference between ceramic and LVT is dramatically different, so in those markets Im not sure what LVT will do. On the basis of the markets, the Mexican markets growing about double-digits and weve been growing but weve been limited in how much we can grow without the new plant we just started up, so itll help us grow. In addition, were using the Mexican market as a base to start entering into the South American business. When you go into Russia, I think theyre down about 30% from the peak. They came off the trough this year. Prior to this year, they were declining. It came off the trough this year but barely and in that environment were sold up so were putting in new capacity and the question is going to be how fast it ramps up. Is it like historical things in Russia where it ramps up dramatically or is it going to be slow because of the changes in the oil to the economy? Were just preparing for our business to do much better.
John Baugh: And then on repatriation, is there an opportunity or will you keep cash, whatever you have, in foreign areas because of acquisition opportunities? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So were really not changing our strategies. We were using most of our cash in the markets we were in and its not going to change what were doing much.
Operator: The next question is from Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI.
Stephen Kim: Appreciate all the detail, but as usual, we have some additional questions. I guess my first question is kind of a broader one. It relates to the likelihood that we would see a positive mix or a negative mix. I know that, Jeff, youve talked about the fact that youve been capacity constrained in a lot of areas of your business and I think youd indicated that in that situation, you tend to favor the higher margin-type opportunities that arise and then if the new capacity comes on, theres a concern that thats going to be margin derogatory At the same time youve talked about optimizing to larger tile formats in Mexico and Bulgaria. You talk about LVT rigid being a higher price point than the more flexible stuff. So when we stand back and look at all of your businesses, how do you think about mix? Will it be positive or negative excluding any, you know, price and input commodity distortions?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The goal of our business every year is to improve the innovation we bring to the marketplace and improve our mix and we have new innovations in every product category and every market that were going into. On the other hand, when you put in significant increases in capacity in something, you have to get the sales to move up as quickly as possible to cover the depreciation of the new assets so we also in some cases as we do that, actually sell more lower-end business. I think this year youll still see a positive mix, but with all the new capacity coming on, there will be more pieces but in most cases the new capacity is still limited to the almost $10 billion of sales we have.
Stephen Kim: So it sounds like maybe positive mix this year but maybe even more maybe next year. My second question related to productivity. I didnt hear a productivity number in terms of an outlook. I think last year youd given some outlook for how productivity might do for the whole year. Frank, maybe you could give us a sense for what youre comfortable with and maybe what we might see in 1Q?
Frank Boykin: Yes. Productivity in 2016 was $140 million and it will be, it was $180 million as you know in 2017. Ill just add in here that most public companies dont greenfield businesses as were doing here, as many as were doing due to the higher start-up cost, but we are going to see much longer, much better longer-term returns as a result of the greenfield-ing even with all these start-up costs. And I would say with more investments in new products and the geographies that were doing, much of the benefit that were going to see from these investments are going to be in 2019 and beyond. In 2018, well have significant amount of productivity, but it will be more in line with what we saw in 2016.
Operator: The next question will come from Sam Eisner with Goldman Sachs.
Sam Eisner: So just on some of the new capacity thats coming online, it looks as though were finally reaching the point where youre actually starting to put product out into the market. Without obviously giving us any kind of guidance for the full year, how should investors expect kind of either an earnings or a top line acceleration? Is that something that begins to occur for you guys starting in the back half of this year, or is that more 2019? Just kind of a better understanding of whens this stuff coming to market and how the business should ramp.
Frank Boykin: We have a long history of outperforming the market, and Ill remind you, over the last three years, the compounded growth rate for sales was 9% and our operating income compounded at 22%, even with the expiration of our patents. This has come from these investments weve done in our existing businesses, new acquisitions and greenfield-ing. We believe we can outperform the market going forward with our strong management and balance sheet, and were going to try to grow it as fast as we can. When you do a lot of these new things were doing, the equipment doesnt show up when its supposed to, it doesnt start up like its supposed to, you train people, so its going to be a little more volatile than normal. But thats what you get. But the long-term returns are going to be much better.
Sam Eisner: And then maybe just focusing on the start-up costs, there does seem to be a little bit of a shift going on here from the fourth quarter into the first quarter as well as 2018. Can you maybe just talk about rather than necessarily the numbers, what operationally is causing that start-up shift? Are things behind schedule? Can you maybe walk through some of the facilities and kind of the operational side here and whats causing that shift?
Frank Boykin: You see it as a shift, we just see it as a normal piece. I mean, things move a month or two either direction, so we ended up with about $34 million of start-up costs this year, and next year, we have it at about $60 million to $70 million. And in that, a lot of its coming on as we speak now, so the investments will be heavier in the first quarter than through the rest of the period as you go through. We dont really see it any change.
Sam Eisner: If I can just sneak one more in here just on Godfrey Hirst, does the $0.35 to $0.40 include synergies within that first 12-month period, or is that just base business?
Frank Boykin: It includes everything.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Eisen with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Eisen: Just want to think a little more big picture longer-term. In the past, youve talked about the capacity expansions you guys have done over the last few years supporting well over a billion dollars of incremental revenues, so I just wanted to get a better understanding of what you guys are seeing in the end markets that give you comfort in maintaining these elevated CapEx spending levels and kind of how we should think about the $750 million in 2018 playing out longer-term in benefits.
Jeff Lorberbaum: From a big picture, all signs that we see in our industry are positive almost in every marketplace. If you look more at the U.S. business, business and consumer spending appears to be strengthening. We see the tax law changes as supporting more growth. If you look at the existing and new home sales, everything is expecting them to continue to grow with higher home prices, encouraging more remodeling as you go through. As you go through, you just pick different markets. In Mexico, we were constrained by the capacity. So that came up in the fourth quarter, and well get benefit out of it. Were putting new capacity in Europe in two or three different countries. Were putting new capacity in Russia because were basically sold up in the marketplace thats just coming out of the bottom of a recession. Were investing in new products to go into. Were going into carpet tile, which is a new marketplace. Its going to take longer to develop the business than the other ones because we dont have a core base there already selling that. A big opportunity. Were doing the same in Russia with sheet vinyl going into new business. So we have a lot of things going on in every country trying to drive our business forward and do much better than the market.
Michael Eisen: And then just one quick follow up. When Im thinking of kind of the start-up costs and the associated SG&A spending to increase the marketing and the sales force, does the SG&A component of it follow some of the start-up costs where its going to be very first quarter, first half weighted? Or how should we think about the cadence of headwinds from both line items flowing through the year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I dont have it broken down by individual pieces but what happens is there will be more in the first quarter, a little less in the second quarter, and then the first half will be heavier than the second half, assuming that the stuff starts up like we anticipate. It could be longer or shorter.
Operator: The next question is from Timothy Wojs with Baird.
Timothy Wojs: I guess, just, maybe back on ceramic. Could you talk a little bit about the destocking in the fourth quarter and how do you expect the retailers to kind of spend and set their businesses in 2018?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, if you look at 2017 we were capacity constrained in the first part of the year. We added capacity which came up in the fourth quarter. At the same time, we had several product change-outs that happened last year and the retail is really starting at the end of the fourth quarter and into the first quarter taking those new products, that product transition.
Frank Boykin: So what happened in the first half we were operating under constrained conditions and we managed our business based on that and when the capacity comes up, it takes a little while to change strategies from optimizing limited capacity to selling more, and so were in the process of that change as we speak.
Timothy Wojs: And then maybe just on price and cost. How do you think that should trend through 2018 just given where raw materials have kind of moved to today? Do you feel like you need to put in more price increases?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Your guess is as good as ours. All the price increases that weve put in were based on the costs and our anticipation of where it is. Weve had oil and commodities seem to have gone up but then oils dropped back down. I mean, if I could guess the oil prices I wouldnt be doing this job, because I can tell you that last year, we had huge inflation in almost every product and marketplace and we implemented pricing to cover it and whatever happens this year well react to it again.
Operator: The next question will come from Scott Rednor with Zelman.
Scott Rednor: I think there is a lot of question just on the timing of investments. So in 2016, the overall legacy sales grew 6%, and in 2017 they grew 4%, and I think consensus is looking for right around 5% in 2018. Given the visibility you have on some of these investments coming to market, are you comfortable with that estimate out there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think our sales growth in 2018 will be higher than 2017 and it all depends on how this stuff works through and what the markets are but were going to try to get as high as we can.
Scott Rednor: And then, Frank, whats the total outflow for acquisitions that we should consider in 2018?
Frank Boykin: I think its about 400 to 450.
Scott Rednor: And so, Jeff, just realizing the stocks lags you guys are going to generate more than enough cash even with the CapEx. Would you ever consider going back and buying back the stock if you dont feel like the current valuations reflecting the returns that you see in the next couple of years from the CapEx that youve put in?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think were going to continue reviewing the opportunities that we have to invest in our business. I can tell you those are always the best returns we can get. Our goal is to keep finding new acquisitions in the categories were in. If you look at the world, I mean, there is huge continents, we dont have anything yet. So I mean, a major part of the world we dont have anything. In areas where were already in, examples in Europe were the largest producer of ceramic but we still have a very small market share and we just started a few years ago so theres opportunities to look at acquisitions to consolidate it more in Russia where we are and moving into other ones.  If we dont find those, as we go forward, weve also started to move into countertops which gives us a new leg on the product and if you look long-term, it wouldnt surprise me that we pick up one more big opportunity somewhere along the line to keep it going. Given all that, I sure wouldnt mind going into a slower period with capital, which Ive never been able to do and I think that I could find opportunities that I havent been able to do in the last time because I was always out of money with my capital structure full, so I think were well-positioned for whatever happens.
Operator: The next question is from Mike Wood with Nomura Instinet.
Mike Wood: Good job covering the inflation with price in fourth quarter. Some of the other building product companies have pointed to first quarter and first half 2018 headwinds. Is that impacting your profitability in your first quarter guide or can you talk about whats embedded in your forecast?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think for the most part, weve covered most of the increase at this point based on where it was, back in the end of the fourth quarter. Now as the raw materials go up, were going to have to review what they have and see if it makes any changes. Im not sure where theyre going to level out. If you could tell me where oil prices will be next month, it would help me.
Mike Wood: Yes. I guess I was just more thinking about whats factored into your first quarter guidance, so we had an idea.
Frank Boykin: I think right now, were planning on covering whatever inflation that we might have in the first quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have a difficult time too. We have this price mix that we follow. I mean, its hard to tell the difference between price and mix as many products as we have and how much to just product sales change from period-to-period. Its hard to tell which is which at some point.
Mike Wood: And in terms of the LVT launch coming online here with the rigid, can you talk about kind of the lessons learned from the flexible LVT line launch and what sort of expected with how this ramp goes?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. I think the biggest part is that the line we put in LVT in the United States was dramatically different than everything we had done and it took us a while to figure out how to optimize it. The new line, were taking all those learnings and expanding upon it but its also making rigid LVT which the old one didnt. There are two lines that were putting up that are almost identical. One in the United States and one in Europe. The one in Europe has already started up. Theres about two, I think were running about two shifts now working through the start-ups in it and were using it on existing products which our European business was oversold in, so were moving that through. We should start trying to make ridges pretty soon in it and hopefully well have most of the problems worked out before we start the new line in the U.S. which will be in the second quarter some time.
Operator: The next question will come from Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Phil Number: Good to see another strong year of productivity planned for 2018 but with inflation ticking up and another 3 million of start-up costs, do you anticipate youll be able to drive margin expansion this year?
Frank Boykin: I think if you look at our business excluding IP and excluding incremental start-up costs that were going to see good margin, good operating income growth.
Phil Number: And switching gears to your LVT business, you obviously have a lot of capacity thats coming online. Any color in how thats coming along in terms of the ramp, order patterns, and potential contribution to top line this year? Thanks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The new lines, it depends on how fast we fill them up and how fast we can get the cost structures to where we want as well as how fast we can get them into the marketplace. I would guess there will be some improvement in the second half but the first half, the costs will be higher than the production or the margins will be just as a normal course of events and starting new stuff up.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut: Frank, I just wanted to go back to an earlier question around margins and youre good enough to give an expectation around productivity for 2018. I guess when you answered it in an earlier question that said we expect margins or profitability to be up. Will you exclude the IP and so forth?  In 2017, you were able to achieve 40 bps consolidated improvement, and I believe you were expecting continued further margin improvement even with IP in 2018. Has that changed at all? And perhaps is it due to a timing issue with start-up costs? But how are you thinking about consolidated margins in 2018, given that youve said a little bit less in productivity focusing on a lot of the start-up issues going on? Should we still expect consolidated expansion all-in?
Frank Boykin: I think as I said before, Mike, I mean, you made a good point. Were doing - were investing a significant amount back into business. Weve got a lot of new projects that Jeff has already talked about with start-up costs. Timing is not always certain with these projects and when theyre going to come up, but what we do know for sure is that excluding start-up and excluding IP were going to see good growth on our operating income.
Michael Rehaut: Maybe asked another way. When you look at Flooring North America, you continue to do fantastic there in terms of year-over-year margin improvement with the fourth quarter, again, up strongly year-over-year and a lot of that driven by productivity. How do you think about the trajectory of the margin for that business? You kind of exceeded a little bit of a 14% margin in 2017. At some point, everything else equal, youd expect the incremental margin improvement or the margin expansion to slow a little bit. Are we starting to get in that period where youre not necessarily going to do 100 bps to 150 bps a year of margin expansion?
Frank Boykin: I would say that Jeff sitting across the table here from me and looking at this picture up on the wall that says were always half way there, so we were never going to be satisfied without improving over where we were before. But on the other hand, were working through, like Ive already said a couple times, a lot of start-ups, a lot of projects in North America. Weve got a big, big LVT plant coming up with new technology, and so were just going to have to see where those things end up. But longer term, longer term, were going to have a much better, much more profitable business. Yes. This is what weve been saying now for the last 18 months. Weve got six, seven, eight different projects around the world, either new geographies, or new products, or new technology, and were investing significant amounts recognizing its going to be an investment both in our P&L and in the balance sheet. But longer term, were going to see good returns from all these things.
Michael Rehaut: One last quick one, just a clarification. The $60 million to $70 million of start-up expense, I just want to make sure I understand, that is the total number? In other words, the $65 million minus $34 million last year, that difference is the incremental. Just want to understand that thats correct, number one. And number two, the $60 million to $70 million, is that a higher or lower number than you expected three or six months ago?
Frank Boykin: So make sure I understand your question, so we spent $34 million in total start-up costs in 2017 and were estimating $60 million to $70 million of total start-up costs in 2018. Thats your first question, I think. In terms of - the start-up costs are something that were taking our best stab at. And estimating here, 12 months before the end of the year and with all these projects moving back and forth, we know that that number is not going to be right. Last year was a little bit less than what we thought. And to be honest, I dont remember where we were six months ago on start-up costs for 2018.
Operator: The next question will come from Mike Dahl with Barclays.
Mike Dahl: Frank, just a follow up. Not to beat this too much, but from a margin standpoint, when were talking about operating margins, understanding that this increase in D&A is also a big headwind in 2018 versus 2017. So if were looking at EBITDA margins from a consolidated basis, would you have more confidence or more of a commitment to increasing EBITDA margins in 2018?
Frank Boykin: I think I would address the EBITDA margins the same way I did the EBIT margins; that excluding start-up and excluding IP, were going to have good growth.
Mike Dahl: On the IP, it sounds like youve finalized some of the agreements that you were working through in the second half of last year. Is there something you can now frame for us just to - I know you dont want to necessarily give us this on an ongoing basis, but just help us understand what the new run rate looks like?
Chris Wellborn: What we can say is that patent revenue was higher due to the use of our technology in LVT around the world. Growth was better than we expected, and we are continuing to look for opportunities to expand it.
Operator: The next question will come from Laura Champine with Roe Equity Research.
Laura Champine: Good morning. My question is on the margin in Global Ceramic, which missed what we were looking for by a little bit. But I wonder relative to your internal estimates as you began Q4, was the final results better, worse, or about the same? And if you could help us by quantifying in that one segment in Q4, what did you absorb in terms of incremental start-up costs and inefficiencies as you launch new capacity and new product lines?
Chris Wellborn: Well, we brought up capacity in Mexico and we also brought up capacity in Europe during the period, and both of those start-ups went extremely well.
Laura Champine: Do you have the numbers?
Frank Boykin : $12 million incremental start-up costs there.
Laura Champine: And as far as the adjusted operating income in that segment versus your expectations when you entered the quarter, how did that segment perform?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, theyre always too low.
Frank Boykin : And, Laura, I need to correct myself. The $12 million is total start-up. And Ill have to come back to you on the incremental deal.
Operator: The next question is from Stephen East with Wells Fargo.
Stephen East: If we take a look at your growth both fourth quarter and first quarter and looking into 2018, in the fourth quarter you pretty easily beat your guidance that you had given at the end of October. Im trying to understand from your prior perspective what changed and what accelerated to give you that beat. I was wondering how much the carpet pricing and the carpet pull-forward played a role in that? And then as you look into 1Q and beyond, youve talked about pricing that you are already getting through and thatll help significantly improve your operations. But are there any other tangible drivers that we ought to be thinking about on the 1Q beat improvement?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that the biggest piece, which wasnt a surprise, we knew there was going to be some pull-forward of sales due to price increases. Theres the balancing of the pricing versus the costs and the flow-through and how they actually show up in the fourth quarter we do. Theres the FX rates that change on us; out of our control within there. In general, the business levels were about where we thought theyd be when we went into them, and we think we have reasonable estimates for the first quarter, given all thats going on.
Stephen East: And then going back to the capacity that youve got coming on, youve talked several times in the past youve got about, with all this CapEx, you have about $1.4 billion or so in capacity coming on over time. Could you talk a little bit about how much of thats come on so far, and then sort of give us a rough roadmap of when you think the rest of it is coming on, and then what you would expect in lag for sales filling up that capacity?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Its not as - the reason we cant be more clear with you is its not like it falls at given minutes and you start it up and then the question is how long does it take to optimize? Then how long does it take to sell it? And then theres overlapping across timeframes and years. So I mean, the reason we tend to talk about it in multiple-year circumstances if you draw a line at any minute - we just talked about the line in - LVT line in Europe. Its coming up and running two shifts. Now how long is it going to take us to sell it up and how long is it going to take us to optimize? Were going to have to see.
Stephen East: Is it fair to assume though that as you look at that 1.4 billion, not the sales but the capacity itself, the majority of that capacity would be in place by the time we exit 2018?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Im hesitating because we gave the number a while back and I dont remember if it was the incremental capacity on the investments we made in 2016 and 2017, which is I think what it was, and now whats happening were moving into 2018 and theres the 2018 investments which are different and some of those like the Mexican plant. Its up and running and its not far from the capacity that we had expected it to be at and itll be running fairly full, I mean, soon. And I dont remember the cutoff times between that number and the moment in time were at right now.
Stephen East: And just one last, going back to the carpet and the price hike. How much price hike was put through and how much do you think got pulled forward into the fourth quarter?
Frank Boykin: The carpet price increase that we put in, we announced 5% to 6% to cover the inflation and pieces going on. Most of its implemented as we speak. The pull forward is hard to tell because were in this normal dip in the winter time. So we know what we got. The question is we dont know what the orders are going to be until we see what the customers - when theyre going to start ordering again. Itll probably be the end of the quarter or maybe the first of next quarter before we have a good view of the actual what occurred.
Operator: The next question will come from Susan Maklari with Credit Suisse.
Christ Kalata: This is Chris on for Susan. Thanks for taking our questions. Our first question is on the move to consolidate sales between hard and softwood surfaces in North America. What drove that change and how does that position you guys versus competitors and how far along are you on this process?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So what we did in the residential business, we changed our regional sales management above the people that are - above the salespeople. So the salespeople are still segregated and selling each of the different product categories. The sales management, we made the region smaller but then put the manager over both product categories, as weve done it, and then the management above there weve also changed. And the initial stages so far are showing that our ability to influence the customers because were using that structure it looks like its going to help us meet the needs of the customers better and present all of the products better.
Christ Kalata: Thanks for that clarification. And then my second question is on the breakdown of CapEx. That $750 million you guys spoke to earlier, how much of that is going into the U.S. versus some of your other faster growing markets?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I dont have it right now. Id have to - we have it. I just dont know it.
Operator: The next question is from John Lovallo with Bank of America.
Pete Galbo: Its actually Pete Galbo on for John. Thanks for taking the question. Im just wondering if you guys could quantify the porcelain countertop opportunity, as well as quartz, in the U.S. specifically.
Chris Wellborn: We could take them separately. So the quartz, the countertop market is $5 billion with quartz estimated at $1.2 billion, and thats growing more than 10% per year. Were expanding our stone centers and product offering to support our new plant, which will start up at the end of this year, so thats on quartz. And then on porcelain, we have an Italian plant thats starting this quarter that were selling both in the EU and the U.S. Porcelain countertops are really a niche product thats going to take time to grow, but the plants also produce large sizes for floor, wall and facades.
Pete Galbo: And, Frank, just a quick modeling one. What is driving the step-up in interest expense year-over-year for 2018?
Frank Boykin: Its not stepping up that much, to be honest, so Im not sure exactly. Its actually - its up probably about $3 million or $4 million, so its not stepping up that much. I dont know what it is off the top of my head. Ill get back to you.
Operator: The next question is from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Just at the end of the call here, a couple of two quick ones. Ceramic, Jeff, I think earlier responding to a question you had indicated that it was difficult to know where ceramic would grow. Itd be a function of what happened in LVT. How much do you think LVT is cannibalizing ceramic growth right now? How much of a headwind are you feeling in your Ceramic business from LVT?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think you interpreted more finitely than I meant it. What I said was - what I meant to say was that LVT is taking a large part of the total incremental increase of all Flooring and Ceramic is going to be impacted the same as everything else, because its not just impacting a piece of it. I would guess two-thirds or more, maybe even higher of all the growth in Flooring in the last year was taken up by LVT. Now, the question is will it start plateauing out or will it keep growing at the same rate. Well know after its over.
David MacGregor: Second question still on the Ceramic space, what are your plans for opening additional stores in the U.S.? I think youd mentioned 15 new stores in 2017. What does that plan look like for 2018?
Chris Wellborn: Most of those stores, the 15. And then, well have a few stores here and there, but nothing substantial.
David MacGregor: Whats the base now? Can you give us the denominator?
Chris Wellborn: We have roughly 300 stores altogether.
David MacGregor: Thanks very much.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And service centers.
Operator: The final question is from Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard: Two things. Entirely, I understand, Chris, you walked us through the capacity limitations in the first half of last year that sound like it got resolved through the year. Curious what we should think about in terms of the growth rate of that business in 2018. Also understanding the progress that was made through 4Q. Does this business now get back to its traditional 5% or 6% growth? Is that how we should read sort of those moving parts that hurt last year?
Chris Wellborn: All we can say there is that we - its starting to come back and we think itll get back to where its been with the exception of the impact of LVT and other things that could impact the industry.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that in 2017, our estimate is that the Flooring category grew about 4% and our hope is that itll pick up close to that again, could be more. And then the question is how much of that goes into LVT versus spread around the other product categories. That one were having a hard time predicting, but were the largest manufacturer of LVT. Were putting on much more. We have a significant head start of anybody in making low-cost automated LVT in the world, and we think were well-positioned.
Eric Bosshard: And so the category and the capacity constraints do get relieved? Just to make sure I understood the comments earlier. The capacity constraints that hurt 2017, that you resolved in tile going into 2018?
Chris Wellborn: Thats correct.
Eric Bosshard: And then, secondly, Jeff, Im curious in your perspective the evolution of LVT over the last couple of years, specifically in terms of the product evolution and what your thoughts are on that. And then, secondly, the competitive set evolution, specifically the addition of domestic capacity and import capacity and what your perspective is on that.
Jeff Lorberbaum: LVT as a product coming into the marketplace has grown faster than anything that Ive seen in my 40 years of history. And part of its driven by that people like wood and stone looks on the floor, that it is an easy installation method, it is waterproof, which some of that you need and some you dont need is it, but its being well-accepted as a new product. Were going to have to see how it plateaus out. The product has evolved dramatically in the last four or five years. The first - its normal when you come out but with stuff being made that - circumstances wouldnt perform well on the floor and its gotten better. The style and design has improved. Its now got three different categories of product. Theres a rigid thats selling at the higher-end, the flexible tends to be in the middle. Both of those tend to be Click products. Then the lower end tends to be glued down products and at lower price points, and the commercial tends to be more of the lower end. And it continues to evolve as all new products do. There are different methods of making it. Theres different visuals going on and its going to take a while for it to evolve and level out on an ongoing basis. Were at the forefront of making highly-automated low-cost production on a local basis which nobody else has like we do and its going to advantage us long-term, however in the short-term its impacted our speed-to-market of new introductions because were going through the learning curves but were way ahead of everybody else.
Frank Boykin: And if I could just clarify two open questions here on the interest expense, were estimating its going to be up $3 million or $4 million in 2018 and thats all driven by rate increases in the U.S. and Europe. The second open question had to do with start-up cost in Global Ceramics, incremental start-up cost in the fourth quarter were $2 million. Operator?
Operator: There are no further questions. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Lorberbaum for any closing comments.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We appreciate you joining the call. We're very optimistic about the market for this year. We are aggressively investing for the long-term benefit of our business and we think we'll have a stronger business two years from now than we have today. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank Boykin - CFO Jeff Lorberbaum - CEO Chris Wellborn - COO
Analysts: Bob Wetenhall - RBC Capital Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI Mike Dahl - Barclays Susan Maklari - Credit Suisse John Baugh - Stifel Mike Wood - Nomura Instinet John Lovallo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Sam Eisner - Goldman Sachs Laura Champine - Roe Equity Research Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group Keith Hughes - SunTrust David MacGregor - Longbow Research Stephen East - Wells Fargo Tim Wojs - Baird Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research
Presentation:
Operator: Good morning. My name is Craig and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries' Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, October 27, 2017. Thank you. I would like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin. Mr. Frank Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Craig. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today, we'll update you on the Company's results for the third quarter of 2017 and provide guidance for the fourth quarter. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. In the third quarter Mohawk delivered record earnings and EPS were sales growing approximately 7%. Our business outside the United States experienced the strongest revenue growth as economies of those countries expanded. In the period, we overcame rising material cost disruptions from hurricanes and reduced pattern revenues. Our price in mix continue to improve as we enhanced our product offering with unique designed and differentiated features. To recovery material inflation, we implemented enterprise-wide pricing actions this year. And with productivity and mix we cover a higher cost earlier than we expected this quarter. Our many operational initiatives and process improvements resulted in significant productivity gains of approximately $49 million and we incurred $8 million of start-up cost in our results. For the full year, we are investing $900 million to optimize long-term results by entering new product categories, extending our reach into new geographies and facilitating growth in our existing businesses. These projects include ceramic expansions in Mexico, Russia, Italy and Poland additional premium laminate, engineered wood, rug and polyester carpet capacity in the United States and increased premium laminate capacity in Europe and Russia. Our investment will satisfy increasing demand for our products as well as introduced state-of-the-art manufacturing technology to further our position as the industry's innovation leader. During 2018, in the United States we will launch production of rigid LVT as well as quartz countertops. In Europe, we will enter the rigid LVT carpet tile and porcelain countertop business. And in Russia, we will open a manufacturing plant to participate in the large sheet vinyl market. Our strong financial position allows us to aggressively grow through both internal investments and acquisitions. This year we've completed four acquisitions that broadened our product offering and enhanced our manufacturing advantages. Combined all of these initiatives will allow us to drive our long-term profitability and outperform the market. With our strong management team and balance sheet, we are well positioned to continue our extraordinary performance of the last five years. In the United States job creation has been solid throughout the year and consumer sentiment remains positive. The U.S. economy and housing market continues to grow at a more measured pace even with the disruption of September's hurricane. Single family housing starts are growing a multi-family construction is contracting this year. The October National Homebuilders Association showed builder confidence rising to the highest levels since spring. Remodeling trends are projected remain strong in recovery in Florida and Texas regions, will fuel substantial renovation and rebuilding. The October architectural building index shows positive commercial and institutional building trends in most of the country with a slight softening in the west. Outside the United States, the international monetary fund has increased this forecast for economic growth in Europe and in Russia through 2018. Now Chris Wellborn, our President and Chief Operating Officer, will provide you an overview of our segments performance during the third quarter.
Chris Wellborn: Thank you, Jeff. Our flooring rest of the world segment had an exceptional quarter with majority of our manufactured product sales and earnings growing dramatically. Our pattern revenue is running at a higher rate than we anticipated due to the broader use of our patterns and increase in worldwide sales of the LVT. During the period our price increases and mix improvement offset our inflation in currency changes. Third quarter results were also enhanced by a reduction in summer shutdowns allowing us to shift more and customers increased purchased prior to pricing actions in either of which will occur going forward. Our laminate innovation in proprietary structures and waterproof technologies is increasing the selection of our products by customers who would ordinarily purchase wood flooring. This combined with our broader ray of sophisticated designs is expanding our lead in the premium laminate category. In this quarter, the start-up of our state-of-the-art laminate equipment will enable us to expand this growing category and broaden our distribution. The utilization of LVT is continuing its rapid acceptance in the marketplace. We are using the value of our well-known brands to segregate different channels and price points to address all components of the LVT market. Our present European LVT manufacturing is running at capacity and our new plant will begin operating by the end of the year. The new plant will expand our capacity of flexible LVT as well as produced rigid LVT. As always we will bring new innovations to LVT to differentiate our value proposition in the marketplace. Our process improvements and investments in leading technology continue to reduce our cost, enhancing our position as the LVT market gross and becomes more competitive. We improved the visuals in the sheet vinyl to offer a value alternative for LVT and we are increasing our participation in the commercial sheet vinyl sector. We are exporting products to Russia they are prepared for our new sheet vinyl plant which will be operational by the end of next year. We are also expanding the segments commercial sales force to increase the specification of sheet vinyl, LVT and our upcoming corporate tile collections. Our new commercial corporate tile plant should initiate limited production in the fourth quarter. Our insulation business has improved as we have aligned our pricing with the dramatic inflation of raw materials. Our production is still being limited by material shortages, which we anticipate will be resolved early next year. If our raw material cost remain elevated it may encourage the substation alternative insulation products that could impact our sales of these products. Sales and margins in our wood panel category have increased as the market strengthens. In the quarter, our global ceramic segment sales increased 9% as reported and 7% on a constant days in currency basis with the strongest growth in Russia and Mexico as well as in our acquisitions in Italy and Poland which have been integrated with our existing European ceramic business. The segment's operating income rose 5% as reported and 10% on an adjusted basis driven by improved productivity and volume. New capacity came online during the period with new production in Mexico and our modernized commercial tile plan in Italy. These capacity increases will allow us to more aggressively expand our future sales. Our U.S. ceramic business was softer than we anticipated due to the impact of hurricanes in two of the country's largest ceramic markets. Though the recovery on these regions has begun we are projecting lower volumes through the end of the year. As our new ceramic capacity comes up transitioning sales from outsourced products to manufactured products is taking longer than we anticipated, additionally the timing of product changes for some of our large customers was delayed. We anticipate our fourth quarter ceramic sales will improve as we execute more aggressive sales strategies. We have introduced new porcelain collections with greater durability and patterned its slip resistance highlighting the easy maintenance safety and health benefits of our products. In the third and fourth quarters of this year, we are opening about 15 tile and stone centers in the U.S., at key U.S. markets. In the period, our manufacturing plants were operating at record levels for volume quality and cost. We continue to expand our countertop sales and distribution significantly increasing our participation in the quartz category just for our upcoming production. We are reconfiguring a site in Tennessee to install new QUARTZ manufacturing equipment which should begin operations by the end of next year. Our sales and margins in Mexico increased as we broadened our product offering and enlarged our customer base. We have completed the expansion at our [indiscernible] plant and all the new production lines are presently operating. This additional capacity with capabilities to make larger higher value sizes in ceramic will allow us to expand our sales in the U.S., Mexico and South America. During the period, our European ceramic business increased dramatically with growth in our local markets and the addition of our Italian and Polish acquisitions. We are implementing many investments across the region to improve our productivity and introduce new product innovation. The final upgrades at our Italian commercial porcelain plant have been completed and we are expanded our offering to utilize our new operations. We have just completed our major European ceramic trade show where we introduced new collections differentiating each of our brands. Our new ceramic slab manufacturing is progressing as planned and we are finalizing our large countertop and wall panel collections to enter this new category. We are improving our product offering in the Bulgarian market as we invest a pretty larger sizes and improve our efficiencies. We have implemented our Italian information system in Bulgaria and we are preparing to deploy the system next year in our recent acquisitions. We have started up the ideal assets at our polish plant and we are installing additional equipment to broaden our position in the Northern and Central European markets. The Russian economy has bottomed out and the country's GDP has started to grow. The Russian ceramic industry's volume and margins are presently at a cyclical level. Our ceramic business is meaningfully outperforming the industry and we are adding capacity to increase our share as the market expands. With our premium designs, distribution and network of owned and franchise shops, we are well positioned as the market leader. For the quarter, our flooring North America segment's profitability decreased as reported but increased 11% on an adjusted basis with adjusted margins growing 140 basis points as sales rose 2%. Our price mix and productivity improved during the period covering increases in material and other inflation. By improving the efficiency of our administrative operations we lowered SG&A as a percentage of sales even as we expanded our sales organization to foster greater engagement with our customers. Our new product introductions improved our average selling prices and margins and process innovations and investments in manufacturing technology improved our cost. Capacity limitations in laminate, LVT and some residential carpet categories constrained our sales during the period and will be addressed in the fourth quarter. Additionally, the hurricanes in Texas and Florida interrupted normal purchasing patterns and impacted our sales during the period. After a short-term decline we anticipate increased sales in these regions over the next two years as the affected communities repair [indiscernible]. During the period, our soft surface sales growth exceeded hard surfaces which were constrained by production limitations. Growth in our residential carpet outpaced our commercial sales. In carpet, we announced a 5% to 6% price increase on our products affected end of this year to cover our increasing costs. With their superior softness and performance attributes, our smart strain collections continued to take market share, expanding our leadership in the premium market. Presently, our new smart strain self reserve and aero introductions are being installed in leading retail stores around the country. Each of these collections offers a unique differentiating proposition to the consumer. We are increasing the distribution of our luxury care stand brand which provides leading style and design in premium carpet. Our continuum polyester continues to expand its position as the medium to low-end price points and our soft collections made of recycle materials provided superior alternative in the category. In commercial, the specialization of our sales force by end market has increased the specification of our products, our award-winning carpet tile collections and squares, rectangles and planks work together to provide designers with unsurpassed options to create unique designs in every commercial space. We are broadening our offering at mid-price points to provide more sterilized options and increase our share. With new product collections and the expansion of our sales force, we are increasing the non-specified sales of our commercial collections in the retail channel. We have enhanced the productivity of our U.S. LVT operations and we are expanding our product offering in both residential and commercial categories. We introduced a proprietary rigid LVT collection designed for exceptional stability and durability as we prepare for new U.S. LVT production in the second quarter next year. When the alliance complete, we will be the only U.S. manufacturer positioned as a competitive alternate to imports that can supply both high quality rigid and flexible LVT. We anticipate that the LVT market will continue to grow at high rates for the foreseeable future. And next year's capacity expansion will extend our position as the largest domestic manufacturer in the category. Our new laminate production will be operational this quarter and will allow us to expand a successful waterproof laminate that improves on mother nature in both performance and visuals. The increased capacity will allow us to extend the distribution of our new collections and enhance our premium position in the marketplace. I will now turn over the call to Frank, who will review our financial performance for the period.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Chris. Net sales for the quarter were $2.449 billion up 7% over last year, with the legacy business growing 3% on a constant exchange rate basis. We had our strongest growth in the rest of world segment for the quarter. Our gross margin as reported was 32%, excluding charges the margin was 32.5% and was favorably influenced by $63 million of price mix and $40 million of productivity. These were partially offset by $61 million of input cost inflation as well as lower IP. SG&A as reported was 16.5% of net sales or 16.3% excluding charges which were slightly better than last year. Productivity of $9 million offset investments back into SG&A of $6 million. We had unusual charges in the quarter of $17 million which were primarily related to plant consolidation in the flooring the North American segment and acquisitions related to charges in global ceramic. Last year, we had a net benefit of $12 million related to a legal settlement. Our operating margin excluding charges was 16.2% up slightly over last year. The results were positively impacted by $62 million of price mix and $49 million of productivity offsetting this $61 million of input cost in IP. If we look at income tax, the rate for the quarter was 27.6% that compares to 26.4% last year. We expect the rate to be 27% to 27.5% in the fourth quarter. In 2018, we expect the full year rate to range between 28.5% and 29.5% as the geographic mix of our earnings shifts to higher tax jurisdictions. Earnings per share excluding charges was $3.75 and increased 7% over last year. Moving to the segments, in the flooring rest of world segment, sales as reported were $523 million or up 13%. This was an 8% increase on a constant exchange rate basis. We had an extremely strong growth in most products with volume adding $8 million along with accelerated implementations of price increases as the price mix contributed $29 million to the quarter. In our operating income margin excluding charges, it came in at 16.2% with price mix of $28 million and productivity of $8 million which helped to mitigate $22 million of input cost inflation as well as IP loss. In the global ceramic segment, sales as reported were $893 million or an increase of 9%. FX and acquisitions added approximately 8% to growth even with storms product transitions and delayed load ends that we had as headwinds. Operating income margin excluding charges was 16.8% with productivity of $16 million and volume of $8 million covering input cost increases of $10 million. In the flooring North American segment, sales as reported were [$1.032] [ph] billion up 2% over last year. The storms in capacity limitations were headwinds but price mix of $41 million drove higher sales performance. Operating income margin excluding charges was 16.7% that was up 140 basis points with $32 million of price mix and $25 million of productivity offsetting $29 million of input cost increases. In the corporate and elimination segment, we had an operating loss of $10 million; we expect $35 million to $40 million of loss for the full year. We jump to the balance sheet, receivables and debt to quarter at $1.656 billion with days sales outstanding of 58 days. Our inventories ended the quarter to $1.911 million. We had 112 days of inventory on hand with raw material inflation and source product growth impacting the days. Fixed assets were $4.1 billion with third quarter capital expenditures of $229 million and depreciation and amortization of $114 million. Currently, we are estimating full year CapEx of almost $900 million with an estimated depreciation and amortization of approximately $450 million. Our total long-term debt was $2.7 billion with leverage at 1.5x debt to EBITDA. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. In the fourth quarter we anticipate that the business will improve as we benefit from innovative new products, increased volume and the performance of our recent acquisitions. We expect higher sales with the release of some of our capacity constraints enabling us to expand our market position. During the period, we will absorb higher start-up cost estimated at $15 million, our results as new operations come online. The destructions caused by the hurricanes in the U.S. should diminish as those markets begin their recovery. Greater productivity, better product mix and price changes should improve our fourth quarter results overcoming the reductions from our expired patents. Taking all this into account, our EPS guidance for the first quarter is $3.25 to $3.34 excluding any one-time charges. We are leveraging our strong financial position to invest in the business at record levels expanding our capacity in most categories, broadening our product portfolios and entering new markets. The four acquisitions we have completed are enhancing our results and further our global strategy. Next year, start-up cost and marketing investments of our new operations will vary quarter-to-quarter, as we expand our business into new products and geographies with many of the benefits in future years as our utilization increases. Our organization's ability to maximize internal investments and execute acquisitions around the world will deliver greater long-term growth and profitability. We will now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall from RBC Capital.
Bob Wetenhall:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Bob Wetenhall:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Frank Boykin:
Bob Wetenhall:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Bob Wetenhall:
Chris Wellborn:
Frank Boykin:
Bob Wetenhall:
Frank Boykin:
Bob Wetenhall:
Frank Boykin:
Bob Wetenhall:
Frank Boykin:
Bob Wetenhall:
Frank Boykin:
Bob Wetenhall:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI.
Stephen Kim:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Stephen Kim:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Stephen Kim:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Stephen Kim:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Chris Wellborn:
Stephen Kim:
Chris Wellborn:
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Dahl of Barclays.
Mike Dahl:
Chris Wellborn:
Mike Dahl:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Mike Dahl:
Chris Wellborn:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Mike Dahl:
Operator: Our next question comes from Susan Maklari from Credit Suisse.
Susan Maklari:
Frank Boykin:
Susan Maklari:
Chris Wellborn:
Susan Maklari:
Chris Wellborn:
Susan Maklari:
Chris Wellborn:
Susan Maklari:
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baugh from Stifel.
John Baugh:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
John Baugh:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
John Baugh:
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Wood from Nomura Instinet.
Mike Wood:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Chris Wellborn:
Frank Boykin:
Mike Wood:
Frank Boykin:
Mike Wood:
Operator: Our next question comes from John Lovallo of Bank of America.
John Lovallo:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
John Lovallo:
Chris Wellborn:
John Lovallo:
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Eisner of Goldman Sachs.
Sam Eisner:
Chris Wellborn:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Sam Eisner:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Sam Eisner:
Chris Wellborn:
Sam Eisner:
Frank Boykin:
Sam Eisner:
Operator: Our next question comes from Laura Champine from Roe Equity Research.
Laura Champine:
Frank Boykin:
Laura Champine:
Frank Boykin:
Laura Champine:
Frank Boykin:
Laura Champine:
Operator: Our next question comes from Kathryn Thompson of Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson:
Chris Wellborn:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Kathryn Thompson:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Kathryn Thompson:
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Hughes from SunTrust.
Keith Hughes:
Chris Wellborn:
Keith Hughes:
Chris Wellborn:
Keith Hughes:
Chris Wellborn:
Keith Hughes:
Chris Wellborn:
Operator: Our next question comes from David MacGregor of Longbow Research.
David MacGregor:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
David MacGregor:
Chris Wellborn:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
David MacGregor:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
David MacGregor:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
David MacGregor:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen East of Wells Fargo.
Stephen East:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Frank Boykin:
Stephen East:
Frank Boykin:
Stephen East:
Frank Boykin:
Stephen East:
Frank Boykin:
Stephen East:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Stephen East:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Stephen East:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Chris Wellborn:
Stephen East:
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Wojs from Baird.
Tim Wojs:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Tim Wojs:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Frank Boykin:
Tim Wojs:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard:
Jeff Lorberbaum:
Eric Bosshard:
Operator: I'm showing no further questions this time. And I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing comments.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you very much for joining us. We think we're well positioned for next year and beyond. We're putting investments in to drive the business and profitability long-term. And we're really interested in the long-term growth and there is going to be more variation quarter-to-quarter with the all the aggressive actions we're taking. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank Boykin - CFO Jeff Lorberbaum - CEO William Christopher Wellborn - COO
Analysts: David MacGregor - Longbow Research Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs Bob Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Susan Maklari - Credit Suisse John Baugh - Stifel Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Timothy Wojs - Robert W. Baird Scott Rednor - Zelman & Associates Laura Champine - Roe Equity Research John Lovallo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Michael Dahl - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good morning. My name is Julian and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, July 28, 2017.  Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Julian. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today, well update you on the Companys results for the second quarter 2017 and provide guidance for the third quarter. Id like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. Ill now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawks Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Welcome to our conference call, due to multiple request to involve a broader part of our management team Chris Wellborn will be joining us on todays call. Chris was appointed President of Dal-Tile when we acquired the ceramic business in 2002 and was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer for Mohawk Industries in 2005. Chris had a deep knowledge and understanding of our entire business and for the past 15 years he has played a critical role in developing and executing our strategy across the entire organization. Today Ill review Mohawks overall result and Chris will cover the operations of our three segments. In the second quarter Mohawk performance continued at a record level generating the higher sales, operating income and EPS in the companys history. Our businesses continue to exceptional execution of sales growth of 6% as reported and 8% on a constant days and currency basis including previously announced acquisitions. Adjusted operating income for the period increased $381 million up 7% overcoming high material and startup costs and reduction of IP. Across the business were increasing prices to offset inflation, introducing innovative products and improving our productivity. Were viewing our growth around the globe with significant investments to extend our product portfolio and penetrate new markets. As detailed last year, were expanding our sales capacity by approximately 1.4 billion. This production will come online over the next 12 months and our startup costs will be higher until weve optimized all of our new manufacturing operations later in 2018. During the period we completed the acquisitions of two small ceramic manufactures to expand our European platform and two U.S. material manufacturing operations to enhance the vertical integration of our business. Our strong local management teams are identifying opportunities to differentiate our products and improve our productivity. This year were increasing our total investments to over $850 million to capitalize on innovative new products, increase automation and greater efficiencies as well as to enhance to the four acquisitions. Between 2016 and 2018 weve many projects being implemented. In the ceramic segment were expanding capacity in the United States, Mexico, Italy, Bulgaria, Poland and Russia in adding porcelain countertop plant. In North America segment weve been expanding the LVT, laminate, wood, polyester carpet pad and rugs. Were also upgrading our nylon resin plant. In the rest of the world segment were expanding our LVT, laminate in Europe and Russia and boards, also in entering carpet tile in Europe and sheet vinyl in Russia. In every segment were investing in new product innovations, increasing productivity and expanding distribution. These initiatives will increase our sales and profitability maximizing a long term value of our business. The U.S. economic outlook remains solid with job and wage growth sustaining customer confidence and supporting continued economic expansion. More first time homebuyers are entering the market and housing starts are up despite lot and labor shortages. Harbors LIRA Index is forecasting home remodeling growth above historic averages over the next 12 months. The architectural billing index shows commercial and institutional trends staying positive. In Europe the economic forecast is sustained and study growth across the entire region. The Russian economy expanded for the second consecutive quarter reinforcing an optimistic outlook for the remainder of the year. Ill now turn over the call to Chris, for his review of the segments.
William Christopher Wellborn: Thank you, Jeff. During the quarter sales in our global ceramic segment increased 9% as reported and on a constant days and currency basis with adjusted operating income rising to a $163 million, 16% increase. We completed two European ceramic acquisitions that increased our segment sales by 6% during the period. Our legacy business improved from the prior quarter but was limited in North America by capacity constraints in red body ceramic and in Europe by the temporary plant shutdown to upgrade our technical lines. In Europe, half of our new technical equipment has begun production and is operating at expected levels, and we are importing product to satisfy U.S. demand until our Mexican expansion becomes operational later this year. Our U.S. ceramic business improved during the quarter even with capacity limitations in our lower end products which have now been resolved. New home construction continues to outperform the commercial and residential remodeling channels and we made further inroads with regional, national builders because of our advantages and style, performance and service. We are introducing higher value products from our new Tennessee plant including longer, more realistic with visuals, surface texture and registration with our designs and proprietary slip resistance surfaces. We have added service centers and are growing our sales with unique merchandise in promotions to optimize each channel. We are adding sales personnel and distribution points to increase our countertop business and are introducing new porcelain slabs that we will manufacture in Europe. The market for countertops made of quartz is about 1.2 billion and growing more than 10% a year. To greater increase our participation in quartz countertops we are constructing a new plan in Tenseness that will be operational by the end of 2018. During the quarter, we completed the acquisition of a talc line in Texas that will ensure our material supply and enhance our competitive position. Even with our capacity constraints our sales in Mexico outpaced the strong local market. Our sell in market expansion will start up later this year where leaving our capacity shortfall and allowing us to expand our distribution in the U.S., Mexico and South America. Our European ceramic business grew substantially as a result of our new acquisitions and new products we have introduced. Presently, we are introducing creative new designs and finishes in our mid price products and tailoring our collections to satisfy the taste of regional markets. We are expanding our focus on architects and designers to increase our participation in the commercial and new constructions channels. We are finalizing new products for new porcelain slab lines with manufactures countertops and wall tiles. The shutdown to upgrade our technical ceramic plant impacted our sales in the last period however our service will be fully remediated later this quarter. Our Eastern European business has rebounded from the severe winter and we are introducing larger sizes and Italian design to that market. The integration of our Italian acquisition is progressing as planned and we are improving their predictability and broadening their offering. In Poland we are enhancing the cost structure of our acquisition and restarting existing equipment. We are providing technical expertise to enhance their product offering and improve their efficiencies and will be installing additional capacity next year. We believe there will be further opportunities to consolidate the European ceramic market and expand our market share. Our Russian ceramic business is significantly outperforming the market with sales and margins improving as a result of our unique design, strong brand and robust distribution. During the period the ruble strengthened against the dollar with the economy expanding the last two quarters. We are increasing our capacity in Russia to support future ceramic growth. During the quarter, the flooring North America segment sales grew 6% as reported with adjusted operating income raising to a 140 million an increase of 12%. For the period our hard surface sales outpaced carpet and residential sales were stronger than commercial. We have implemented price increases and improved our product mix which have together have offset material and other inflation. We are executing productivity initiatives across our operations resulting in improved efficiencies and yields. Our premium residential carpet collections are growing faster than the market due to increasing consumer preference for the superior softness and performance of our exclusive smart strain franchise. We have begun shipping smart strain self reserve, the fourth generation of our proprietary fiber with an even greater level of softness. Retail commitments are increasing for our luxury care stand brand as we enhance its style and design. Sales of our ultra-soft and standard continuum polyester collections are growing across all price levels of the market and we have expanded our continuum capacity in the prior, in the period to meet increased demand. For the quarter our rug business improved on the strength of our sophisticated new airline collection and the success of our growing outdoor rug programs. The expansion of our carpet cushion operations is running as planned and improving our sales and distribution. During the period we completed the purchase of nylon polymerization plant which we are enhancing to improve our competitive position. Our main street commercial sales expanded faster than our specified channels with carpet tile continuing to gain share. During the period our sales in the hospitality, senior living and retail sectors surpassed the institutional and corporate categories. Our new broadloom and carpet tile introductions received awards from the architects and design community at three premier commercial expos. Our LVT and laminate sales outpaced our other hard surfaces with our distribution expanding as a result of our leading design and performance attributes. Our LVT operations are improving and construction is progressing on our new rigid LVT line which will start up by the end of this year. Our solid tech rigid LVT has quickly gained traction in the market and we are expanding sales in the commercial and builder channels. In addition to carpet our hard surface collections were honored by the design community at the leading commercial expos. Our proprietary water resistant laminate with enhanced visuals is growing as an alternative to wood. And we are increasing our capacity later this year to support additional growth. For the quarter, sales in our flooring rest of world segment were up 2% as reported and 8.5% on a constant days in local basis. The segment was impacted by lower patent revenue and increasing material cost and currency changes which are recovering with price increases. We anticipate that the majority of the increases will be fully implemented by the fourth quarter allowing us to recover our higher cost. Our LVT sales are growing significantly, although we are reaching the limits of our present capacity. Our new LVT production line in Belgium will introduce both rigid and flexible products and should startup in the fourth quarter. Our sheet vinyl production has recovered and is now operating normally at full capacity. We are introducing new residential and commercial products to improve our mix and maximize their results. In Russia, we are finalizing a purchase of a building of ceramic facilities to house our new sheet vinyl manufacturing operation. In Europe, our premium laminate collections grew substantially and we have begun the installation of a new laminate press line to further expand our business and improve our product mix with value added introductions. Our Russian laminate sales are also constrained by our local manufacturing which we are expanding mid-2018 to increase sales in that market. We are raising laminate prices in most markets to cover higher raw material cost in currency changes. We are enhancing our wood business with higher value products and more efficient processes. Our installation business has been significantly impacted by raw material shortages which have reduced our sales and dramatically increased our cost. Raw material availability is presently improving and we are significantly increasing our installation prices to align with the inflation. Our roof panel sales have step changed as the improving European economy drives higher consumer confidence in a more robust housing market. Raw material increases have impacted our roof panel margins and we are implementing price increases to offset. We are seeing increased demand for our wood panels and we have changed our production schedules to minimize the shutdown days during the traditional summer holidays. We are raising wood panel prices to offset a higher cost and improving efficiencies with new investments and processes. Construction of our new carpet top plan is underway and we can limit it operations in the fourth quarter. We are recruiting experience sales and operations professionals to introduce our innovative carpet tile solutions featuring fashionable designs, easy installation and superior performance. I'll now turn over the call to Frank Boykin to review our financial performance for the period.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Chris. Our net sales of $2,453,000,000 were an all-time new record growing 6% as reported and 8% using constant days and foreign exchange. Our acquisitions added 2% to the sales growth rate for this quarter. Our gross margin as reported was 31.8% excluding charges the margin was 32.7%. Gross profit was $802 million dollars excluding charges and was favorably impacted by productivity of $38 million, price mix of $39 million and volume of $31 million offsetting $58 million of interest inflation. SG&A is reported was 17.3% of net sales or 17.1% excluding charges which improved 20 basis points over last year as we leverage higher sales and continued our focus on cost control. And usual charges were $25 million during the quarter and primarily related to plant consolidation in the Flooring North American segment and acquisition related charges in our Global Ceramic segment. Operating margin excluding charges was 15.5% and improved slightly over last year. Operating income excluding charges of $381 million was positively affected by $44 million of productivity, $38 million of price mix and $13 million of volume offsetting $58 million of input cost inflation. Other income loss was a lot of $4 million and primarily was due to unfavorable foreign exchange impacting our results. Our income tax rate for the quarter was 24.5% that compares to 26.3% last year. Our tax rate this quarter was favorably impacted by tax planning strategies related to our European ceramic acquisitions and partially offset by less favorable Italian statutory rates.  We expect the rate to be 28% to 28.5% in the third quarter and then for the full year to be in the range of 26% to 27%. Our earnings per share excluding charges was $3.72 representing an increase of 7%. Moving to the segments. In the Global Ceramic segment, sales has reported were $903 million in increase of 9% or a 3% increase on a constant FX and days basis for the legacy business. We had growth in all regions with Russia turning into strongest performance for the quarter. Operating margin excluding charges was 18.1%, which is at a 110 basis points over last year. Primary factors for this increase were productivity of $19 million and volume of $14 million, with a $11 million of interest cost. Our Flooring North American segment has sales of a $1,040,000,000 and grew 6% both as reported and on a constant basis with a very strong growth in laminate and LVT. Operating margin excluding charges was 13.4% that was up 60 basis points over last year. The improvement was supported by $20 million of price mix and $12 million of productivity, partially offset by $22 million of inflation. In the Flooring rest of world segment, sales has reported were $510 million a 2% increase or 8.5% on a constant basis. Our LVT and laminate sales both had strong growth in the quarter. Operating margin excluding charges was 17.3% and was impacted by lower patent revenues. We had favorable price mix of $14 million plus $13 million of productivity offset by $23 million of input cost inflation. In the corporate and elimination segment, we had an operating loss of $10 million and we are expecting the operating loss to range between $35 million and $40 million for the full year. Jumping to the balance sheet. Our receivables were a $1,640,000,000 with day sales outstanding up to 55 days compared to 54 last year; this was due to changing mix in our customers in the quarter. Our inventories were a $1,866,000,000 with the inventory days at 109 days for the year. In increase from a 105 last year due to raw material inflation and more sourced product needed to support our LVT, ceramic, and countertop businesses. Our fixed assets for the quarter ended at $3,892,000,000 with capital expenditures in the quarter of $224 million in depreciation and amortization of a $110 million. We're currently estimating our full year CapEx to be in excess of $850 million with depreciation and amortization of almost $460 million. Our long term debt ended at $2.9 million with our leverage at 1.6 times debt to EBITDA. And with that, I will turn it back over to Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Mohawk's operating performance in the third quarter should continue to significantly improve most sales and income strengthening further even with higher material inflation and changes in patterns. We're implementing price increases across most product categories and regions to cover material and currency changes in the third quarter. We will begin optimizing the acquisitions we completed in the second quarter by improving their strategies and enhancing their profitability. Taking all this into account, our adjusted EPS guidance for the third quarter is $3.70 to $3.79. To enhance our long term performance, we are investing a record level this year to expand our product offering and capacities, improve our efficiency and extend our geographical reach. In the fourth quarter, we will incur higher startup cost as our production expansions ramp up and we elevate our marketing activities to increase our sales. The expansion of our LVT, ceramic, laminate sheet vinyl and countertop capacity will increase our future growth in profitability, strengthening our position as the leader in flooring. We will now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research. Your line is open.
David MacGregor: Yes, good court. Congratulations on all the progress. I guess, the whole notion of raw material inflation is something that's coming up a lot through the various earnings calls this quarter. You are clearly responding with the number of pricing initiatives. Is there any way you can talk about what percentage of your business, what percentage of your revenue streams would be subject to price increases?
Frank Boykin: We dont really look at it on a global basis adding Mohawk together. So, I dont have a real simple answer. Most of the product categories are being impacted by product, by raw material increases and most of them were pushing price increases through in United States as well as most of the rest of the world.
David MacGregor: And is there one segment that would be more prevalent than the others in terms of the intensity of the pricing initiatives?
Frank Boykin: I'm not sure the -- anything that's got to do with oil based things, wood based things, the acid base things that go into vinyl, almost all the product categories are going up. That I mean, it's crossed every I will guess ceramic would have less pressure because it doesn't have those things in it.
David MacGregor: Right, okay. And this is my --.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I would just add on the positive side that we're putting in price increases across the board in all of the segments to offset this inflation.
David MacGregor: Right, it's good to see. As my follow-up question, I guess you talked about adding $1.4 billion of sales capacity, what percentage of that $1.4 billion of capacity comes on in the second half of '17?
Frank Boykin: I dont have that in front of me. There are a lot of pieces that are coming online at different points in time. There is different parts that have already been implemented. There is some that are just finishing. There are parts that will come on in the fourth quarter, more of them and several of them will come on till further into 2018.
David MacGregor: Right. Is there historically a typical relationship between startup cost and percentage of revenue capacity?
Frank Boykin: No. Each one, different. It depends on if you're putting it in the existing plan if you're starting a new plant somewhere else, if you're going into new product category, a new geography and you have to build up the sales and marketing to pieces. So, the pay up on where it is some start up row that quickly and have the sales to support. And others, they are newer technologies that take, it could take a year more to get optimized. And the same thing with the sale. You go into new geographies, the customers are waiting there for you to fill it up on day one.
David MacGregor: Got it. Thanks, very much.
Frank Boykin: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samuel Eisner from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Samuel Eisner: Yes. Good morning, everyone. To just on organic growth, there does seem to be an inaudible step up in the pace for organic growth over the last four quarters your last 12 months. So, curious if you can talk a bit about your expectations for organic growth going forward. I think you guys have commented in the first quarter that you expect 5.5% for this year. But do you think that we've reached a kind of inflection point in the pace organic growth for the organization and then also if you can talk about the 0.70 number.
Frank Boykin: We're optimistic about our business this year and we still expect the historical sales growth at 5.5%, historical business is to grow about 5.5% this year. Without acquisitions, which means the full period will be stronger. We think the results in the second half will be greater even absorbing the higher startup cost, the inflation, as well as the reduced IP. And again, we're investing a record levels to drive these and a large part of the benefits and all these things won't show up until '18 and these and beyond because the capacities coming on, the cost will be at the front end and you'll get the benefits in the end of '18 and in future years, a lot of it.
Samuel Eisner: That's helpful. And then talking about productivity, I think to the first half of the year, you guys are around $80 million, $85 million run rate on that, which's certainly be higher than the 140 that you guys did last year. And then I also think on the first quarter, Frank you commented the third quarter would be higher than in the first quarter as well. So, just curious how we should think about the progression of productivity and is it a very strong asset for you guys?
Frank Boykin: Yes, Sam. The productivity, we continue to believe that that will be higher this year than it was last year. I would say it's a little bit hard to judge exactly which quarter it is because we've got so many projects that are going on. Some are good, some in that better than we thought, some in that worse we thought, so it's going to be hard to say if third quarter or fourth quarter are going to be higher. But I would say we are still looking at a higher number for productivity this year.
Samuel Eisner: Got it and maybe just lastly going back to the questions from the prior person just in terms of price cost on the quarterly basis or annual basis do you think that you will be price cost positive in the back half of the year given the price increases that you put out across the globe?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think it will be the fourth quarter before we get most of them implemented so there should be implemented now and should be coming on this quarter most of them will be placed by the fourth quarter.
Samuel Eisner: Got it and appreciate that. I will hop back in queue. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Bob Wetenhall: Hi, good morning and another fantastic quarter and encouraging outlook. I was hoping that Chris is here and he is a Dal-Tale maybe he could give us download where you are in terms of adding capacity on the ceramic side it seems like you are importing product from Europe to satisfy U.S. demand, Tenseness is online and it has something going on in Mexico. Where are we in terms of meeting your needs?
William Christopher Wellborn: Yes so, we are adding capacity in all of our segments. We are adding in North America, we are adding in Mexico we are adding capacity in Italy. We are adding capacity in Russia. And in North America as well and most of that capacity is going to come on towards the back end of this year and throughout next year.
Bob Wetenhall: Got it. And maybe Jeff you could talk about LVT plant openings both in Europe and North America and while we have Frank maybe you can just touch on your expectations for maybe some of the plants start-up cost both on the LVT and ceramic side when that's going to start to show in the P&L and if that flows into 18? Thanks and good luck.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. LVT continues to grow significantly. Our estimate is that LVT in the United States is little about 20% this year with that we have our plant we put up is still improving its productivity and increasing its production capacity. In the United States the plant will come up the end of the year at the end of the fourth quarter and start producing for next year and Europe all our lines are running at capacity we are doing things to increase those. The plant in Europe will actually start up probably a month or two earlier than the one in the U.S. they both have capabilities to make all the products flexible and rigid in the marketplace and combine across the world we will have over a billion dollar worth of LVT capacity when it's through.
William Christopher Wellborn: And I will just address the start-up question Bob. The fourth quarter of this year as well as future quarters into next year will have higher startup cost and what we have seen in the preceding couple of quarters. We are increasing capacity as Jeff has mentioned earlier by $1.4 billion and we are expecting about $45 million of start-up this year and then again as I mentioned we will see LVT start-up as we move into next year we are expanding almost all categories with our largest investments in ceramic and LVT to increase growth and profitability.
Bob Wetenhall: Frank, just to be a little tactical on this given the timing of some of the openings that Jeff and Chris were talking about would you say that $45 million of start-up cost is back in _ in 4Q?
Frank Boykin: Yes I am saying most of the start-up are much of the startup cost is just going to be in the fourth quarter.
Bob Wetenhall: And will we see some in the first half of the 18 as well?
Frank Boykin: Absolutely, you see an elevated start-up cost number as we move into next year for the first half at least for the first half.
Bob Wetenhall: Got it. Good luck with the growth gentlemen. Great quarter.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. You had talked about the loss of the patent revenue starting during the second quarter can you give us any kind of idea what that was like in the quarter and is there been any change in your view what patent revenue is going to look like over the next 18 months or so?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. The pattern revenue, the operating income coming from it actually dropped about $11 million in the second quarter. And going forward we expect the IP could be a little higher than the $35 million operating income that we gave you before as the FX has improved a little bit we think there is some potential for life and this is on an ongoing basis.
Keith Hughes: So the $35 million was the run rate once the IP falls off on a yearly basis you are saying that could be higher. Is that am I understanding that right?
Jeff Lorberbaum: That was the prior number that we have given everyone and we think there is some opportunities to improve it.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Second question you had in the ceramic decision you had two acquisitions I believe one was in Poland. Where was the other one?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Within Italy. Italy and then we bought a small mine in the United States.
Keith Hughes: Okay. And the one in Italy can you give us any kind of indication what it specializes in and the reason for the purchase?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Sure. The one in Italy is right across from our existing [indiscernible] business which gives us a good opportunity for synergies. They tend to be in the mid to higher end price category I think it will be excellent acquisition for us.
Keith Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari from Credit Suisse, your line is open.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning. Your foreign North America margins have really improved nicely as we have moved through this year as we think about the back half and maybe some of these price increases continuing to come through can you give us some sense of how you are thinking about the progression there over the next few quarters and then maybe looking into 2018?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So, the first we have is the whole raw material cost increases that are flowing through. They won't be fully covered till sometime in the third quarter and the second quarter we cover some of those for the mix improving as we go through. I think that we think what happen to similar improvement over the year in the business in the margins as we go through as we have been having in order to hit the increased margins and sales that we are having everything has to improve to offset the IP the declining and have the increases we are in and if you guys look at the total and take the IP out the basic businesses are increasing much more.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you. And then just following up you have mentioned sort of your portion to the countertop market you mentioned the construction of new course plant in Tennessee that's going to come up next year. It's certainly in area that's growing a lot but it has also seen a lot of competition coming in can you talk to generally how you think about positioning yourself in that market and maybe sort of where you want to play in terms of price points or product offerings within that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Its different to some of the others we have been building a countertop business for ten years and we have been putting in warehouses and distribution points selling all different types in United States and we continue to expand those businesses. The total countertop business we believe around the $5 billion industry in United States and the quartz part of it makes up about 25% of the business and there we are going to move into both manufacturing quartz and manufacturing porcelain countertops which are small part of the United States business today. Italy is about 5 years ahead and starting to grow there and so we are going to put a plant in Europe to start manufacturing those and bring those in. now we think it offers another opportunities to grow our business with the products that we have knowledge with.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh from Stifel. Your line is open.
John Baugh: Thank you. Good morning and congrats again. My questions are little bit different but I am wondering if you could somehow quantify what you think all of your revenues that are not flooring i.e., countertops, walls, roofing installation and what the growth rate of that business is relative to your flooring business?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Its still relatively small to the total. There is spread in all the different divisions or different pieces and normally we don't look at them that way so I don't have an easy way to pull them together for you.
John Baugh: Any sense if they are growing too fast or slow than flooring overall Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum : Yes, some more some less. As you would expect. There are all in different parts of the pieces like the roofing business is growing faster now but it's been depressed to prior three or four years so we are getting back some of the pieces in Europe. The European academy is better so the board business over there has improved lately and we have invested things to consolidate difference. Remember about a year or two ago we bought an acquisition over there we put them together close plants so those are improving. So the European academy all the pieces are suffering for a while. They are all bouncing back a little bit now which is a good thing. So I am still relatively small part of the total.
John Baugh: And any color on what you have got traction over the padding carpet the product you introduced earlier this year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The carpet pad we have I think about five or six plants in the United States. We built a new plant and to satisfy the needs in the Southwestern part of the country. The plant is up and running well at this point. And we are increasing our revenues.
John Baugh: I was asking about I think you call the Aero or the combo product where you already have the packing installed to the carpet.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Got you. That's a really brand new product. And we have just installed equipment and make it on our large basis the products are just hitting the marketplace but we are going slow, we are not mass pushing it out at this point. We are putting it in a limited group of customers so find out how to train them and teach them, how to sell it and make sure that we are ready to expand it much more dramatically so it's a really unique product and you have to start building it overtime.
John Baugh: Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JP Morgan, your line is open.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning everyone. And Chris it's good to hear your voice. First question you mentioned of the quartz plant that youre bringing up I guess from what I understand be ready for production in the back half of 18. I just wanted to your thoughts around the entry into this kind of emerging market. Obviously you already do lot of porcelain and other I guess primarily the porcelain that you are already doing, countertops with but what are your plans for this market and what type of capacity will the plant ultimately give you lets say in 19?\
Jeff Lorberbaum: So the quartz industry and has been growing significantly we think it's going to continue growing. It's about 25% of the U.S. marketplace we are selling products already in it and we are growing our sales in it today. We think it offers an opportunity, we think it's going to keep growing. There are multiple people in it and doing different pieces but we think that we can bring with the distribution we already have and with our knowledge of product and design we think it will bring some new things to the marketplace and be prepared to compete against anybody. The new plant will have a capacity of approximately a 100-125 million with the first line that's going in it and we can expand it as needed going forward.
William Christopher Wellborn: Yes I will just echo what Jeff said in terms of distribution we have been in this category a long time with stone, quartz that we got a good foundation to start with.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. That's helpful. And I guess just on secondly on LVT the 20% growth that you mentioned for 2017 I assume its in the U.S. is that for Mohawk company specific or the industry and if it's the industry it kind of sounds like a little bit of an acceleration but in either case I was kind of curious where that  what materials primarily it's cannibalizing from I assume from different parts of the laminate term, but where is the give on that or the cannibalization occurring?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The number we gave you is our guess what the LVT business is growing in the United States as an industry. There are different pieces of it growing at different rates and I forgot the last part of your question.
Michael Rehaut: Just canalization Jeff, I assume it's primarily laminate but are there other product line let's say that your  to the extent that laminate is giving the share up how is that affecting your own laminate business in the U.S. as well?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's growing so rapidly and so much it's affecting every other product categories. So if the growth rate of the industry is Ill make my guess, 3.5% to 4% it's taking a large portion of the 3.5% to 4% and slowing down almost everything else somewhat.
Michael Rehaut: And does that impact your decision making around maybe even shutting down some of the capacity and some of the other products areas?
Jeff Lorberbaum: No. the other one are still growing they are just growing slower by maybe 1% to 2%.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Wojs from Baird, your line is open.
Timothy Wojs: Hey guys. Good morning. I guess just maybe back on the countertops piece is how do you guys think about the Greenfield opportunities within countertops versus maybe something on the M&A side and then maybe more broadly how do you feel about the pipeline within the M&A more broadly?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So on the Greenfield we were putting up a plant in U.S. for quartz and a plant in Europe for porcelain so we think that's an opportunity. On the other side we are always open to acquisitions and if the right opportunity came about we would be interested and looking at different pieces. On the overall acquisition piece we continue to look at acquisition, there is opportunities out there but as always we are selective to make sure that we are going to optimize our long term returns for shareholders and do what we want to do.
Timothy Wojs: Okay and then Frank on the production capacity that was taken off line in Europe for the production upgrades. Is there  can you give us a sense of what that might have kicked in out of the quarter and kind of what the expectation for that to come back online in the second half would be?
Frank Boykin: It just slowed down we built the inventories up to try to offset it back in the fall of last year we made the best guesses we could as you would suspect you arent perfect so it limited some of our sales there. The plant has we actually shut down the entire plant to replace all of the equipment in it. We have half the plant is running today another 25% coming up as we speak and the rest of it will be operating by the sometime this quarter. So I mean all things are going forward it just shut it down temporarily. 
Timothy Wojs: Okay, great. Good luck on the second half.
Frank Boykin: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Rednor from Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Scott Rednor: Good morning. Just on that topic on the U.S. in the ceramic piece can you just explain what exactly slowed the growth this quarter and recognizing there is some puts and takes in the capacity side are you guys turning away customers or is it something that's you guys can correct in the next quarter or so?
Jeff Lorberbaum: In the U.S. we were constrained by capacity and some of the categories we have begun importing product temporarily which is here now and we are building a plant in we are doubling the size of our plant in Mexico which will come up in this fall to take care of our capacity constraints. On the other hand the ceramic industry we believe is growing slightly slower rate than it did last year because of LVT taking part of it which is well positioned in as well as the economic growth of the country isn't as high as we all had hoped it would be.
Scott Rednor: Okay. Jeff is there any issue that you are losing some sales there that you can correct or do you think the import model is picking all that up?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that the ceramic business in general is growing at a slower rate and we compete against imports all the time. The imports make up probably almost 40% of the total industry in the United States which we are part of because we import our stuff from Mexico is considered import also as that so we participate in it. We are well positioned.
Scott Rednor: And then just interested in rest of the world I mean the high single-digit organic growth there. Can you maybe just elaborate a little bit more clearly LVT is helping you there but from outside perspective in that's a much longer growth rate than we see now that business in some time. So I just wanted to get some more color from you Jeff beyond LVT and is there anything there that's not sustainable or is there certain pieces of that business that have now turned the corner if you will?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have seen a setup in the European market and everything. It's improving. Our sales are 8% on a constant basis and these are local basis there. We are investing in everything over there to expand our LVT business, our laminate business. We are introducing carpet tile. We are going into Russia with new capacity and laminate. We are expanding our  we are going in the sheet line of business over there. We are expanding our ceramic business in Russia. Our European businesses have more capacity in the ceramic and the southern end of the piece. Just feels better and we are going to keep this right up that's a different question.
Scott Rednor: Fair enough. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood from Nomura Instinet, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi this is Mason on for Mike. So your main three segments is growing faster in the specified market and carpet tile. How much of your carpet tile business is mainstream specified and why noticeable difference between two?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think the point was not just carpet tile, at least in this quarter business changes from quarter. In this quarter our mainstream business grew faster than our commercial business overall and then our carpet tile business is also growing faster than our total commercial carpet which includes Broadalbin carpet. I am not sure if that was the answer to the question or not there.
Unidentified Analyst: No. it's helpful. Thank you. And then the new carpet tile plant in Europe that will start in 4Q, what countries are reserved and is this your first carpet tile exposure to give up?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's our first carpet business outside the United States is that the gentleman who runs our final business in Europe also came out of Balata and he ran a carpet business in Europe and has good knowledge about it which is why we decided to go into Europe because of the talent he brings to it as well as we understand how to make it so we are building a sales forces as we speak to start selling it or not sell that but also sell our final products, our laminate products, our other products that we are making to build a commercial business which is a fairly small part of our total business in Europe. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Roe Equity Research. Your line is open.
Laura Champine: Good morning. Your inventory growth in the quarter was pretty significant. Is that just chasing demand or what is or is it the difference in raw materials cost or what's driving that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's really made up of few pieces. First is right as the material cost go up all of that flows into the inventory immediately as the prices go up. The second is that we are building our businesses in different places. We are importing products for LVT, ceramic and countertops so those inventories are going up. And then finally, the Europe economy was not quite as robust as we were expecting.
Laura Champine: Got it. And then, on the increase in the CapEx budget for this year. Is there any way to put that in buckets whether its buyer specific plan investment or maintenance versus new capacity versus productivity and so forth?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think it's sort of a luck, its big categories. One is the acquisition we bought we put in money into expand or improve those to get the profits up for one or the sales up. We pull some of the these projects that we are talking about I mean these are all huge investment in different pieces and we pull some of those back into earlier so some of the expenses will come into 18, 17 some of the expenses will come in here and a lot of this too there is a good chance at the end of the year some of the payments could come up month earlier or a month later in fall in one year or the other. Some of it's going into additional ideas about more product innovation which will put in new capital and to make those and then the quartz plant will pull some of the expenses in the year you may have seen something about it a plant or property we bought in Tennessee that payment was for the building that we are going to put the quartz plant in.
William Christopher Wellborn: And Laura I will just address your question about maintenance and productivity etc. I would just say that there is  the additional amount that we are putting in doesn't include any maintenance if that was part of your question. The maintenance we are working to drive it down and it could be $100 million or more as we go forward and then in the balance it's going to be split probably more of it will go into capacity maybe two thirds of it go into capacity and about one third of the balance go into productivity in round numbers.
Laura Champine: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
John Lovallo: Thanks guys. First question I guess Frank just kind of housekeeping on the tax rate the 28 to 285 in the third quarter is that a reasonable kind of rate going into 2018?
Frank Boykin: I don't think we are in a good position right now to talk about the 2018 rate. There is some movement going on around in some of the countries that we are in right now talking about reducing stress to our rates. We are going to need little bit of time to understand that and how it impacts us. So I need to wait and see how that all works out before I address next year's rate.
John Lovallo: Okay and then I guess moving on in our travels we have seen that your LVT product is being offered standard feature at least in one of the home builders entry level products. I am just curious is this kind of relationships if you have that would be several home builders and do you see that as kind of a driver of your growth?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The home building piece is one of the faster, is the fastest growing part of the U.S. business that's growing probably 8%-9% estimate you want to use it's a large part of our business. We sell all kinds of products through the channel to those home builders. We have relationships with the national home builders as well as the original home builders to specify our products into the marketplace that use wood, that use carpet, that use laminate, they use countertops. All the different categories that we make are sold to the channel and we get there through a lot of different ways.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Stephen East: Thank you and good morning guys. Jeff premium carpet so your soak reserve etc. growing faster than the industry. I guess we really heard that for quite some time so I am wondering is that how much would you attribute to that being a great product in pulling demand versus is the consumer finally are we done with this missed shift down and the consumer starting to move up in mix?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that let me try to answer it two different ways. One is that softness is becoming more and more important part in premium carpet. The carpet that we make are softer than anybody else in the marketplace and then Louis think we are coming out or even softer than those were. Now while that's going on you still have polyester carpet growing in the marketplace and the polyester carpet is at lower price points and it tends to pull that on the average mix. So you have both things happening at the same time. And I think that we are doing better in the higher end of the market in general.
Stephen East: Perfect. All right. And then on the M&A, you did a couple of acquisitions that are vertical. Is that by happen stance that they both occurred or you are putting more focus on going vertical and if you are what type of  how has that helped your margin if you will?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We really haven't changed the strategy. We are quite comfortable back at integrating businesses and then improving our cost positions and it's really depended upon what comes available some of it we do green field and some of it we buy so it's not a change in strategy.
Stephen East: Okay I got you. And one last quick one. Just your raw material trends are they backing off or you still seeing inflating?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It seems like they have plateau but you never know. Most of our raw materials we buy on at market and they fluctuate up and down month to month and just as a comment a lot of the raw materials supply didn't put much investment in -- as the economy was down either the high cost stuff was taken out or no capacity was putting in so if you look at the supply chain of this whole thing there is a lot of pressure to increase it and as those capacities get tight our suppliers are trying to increase margins really unrelated to their cost structures which is atypical at this time of the cycle.
Stephen East: Yes. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Stephen Kim: Yes. Thanks very much. Strong quarter guys. I am Stephen Kim from Evercore if you are confused. I wanted to ask you about the startup cost. I know that you have talked a bit about it already but what's the start-up cost in 2Q and in the first part of this year and I am trying to understand whether or not the numbers that you gave or the 45 million for the year which was unchanged is that netted out of the productivity numbers, productivity numbers you are giving or is it a separate offset?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So first on your later part of the question start-up costs are not included in productivity there. And then if you look at how much we have incurred in the second quarter we have incurred about 6 million start-up cost and in the first quarter we incurred about $11 million start-up cost. And what was said at the total should be around 45 with more in the fourth quarter than in the third quarter.
Stephen Kim: Perfect. Yes that's very helpful and then Frank when you were going through all the puts and takes on the operating income did I hear you say the volume benefit for ceramic was 14 million and the total company was 13 million or did I hear that wrong?
Frank Boykin: Volume was 13 for the total company and yes ceramic was 14 correct.
Stephen Kim: So the difference there in  suggest there was no volume benefit in the other two categories or the other two segments just wondering if you could flash that out for us a little bit I mean with that because you had maybe some dysfunctionality somewhere can you just sort of talk a little bit about that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think what is causing to look strange like that Steve is the high fee that we lost with the higher margin.
Stephen Kim: Yes I know that would definitely do it and just one last thing in your prepared remarks I think you said that sales should strengthen in 3Q just wanted to make sure that we are on the same page on what that comment was referring to I assume that you meant that your growth rate which was about 5.6% on an organic basis would be higher in the back half of the year. Is that what you meant or did you mean something else?
Jeff Lorberbaum: What we meant was that we gave earlier direction we thought that the legacy business will grow 5.5% and in the first half they grow less than that and then in the second half we expect to make up the difference in the pieces plus the addition of the acquisition we made.
Stephen Kim: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. Appreciate it. Thanks very much guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research Company. Your line is open.
Eric Bosshard: Sure. On the target for legacy revenue growth Jeff that you just talked about why does the back half grow faster than the front half. What visibility do you have there in regards to either market trends or your market share?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Some of the new capacities businesses and products for moving in and we expect to get some advantages from those as we go through. And we expect to improve some of our businesses all different.
Eric Bosshard: From an underlying demand standpoint what you observe in second quarter what are you observing with your customers, is that notably different in the second half across the business at any point?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I am not sure the general but the general business is better across the pieces we have new product launches and we are going into new product categories and we are doing things to expand our business in different places.
Eric Bosshard: And then lastly in terms of pricing in the carpet business you picking some steps of how has that gone and a little bit more clarity on the flow through of that relative to catching up to the input cost or digging you out of the input cost hold that you had been in and what does that look like?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have implemented two price increases the first was implemented. The second one is going in. some of it will be coming into the third quarter as we speak and the second quarter we offset all the cost increases but it was using some of the mix improvement that weve done to get it and so the industry is pushing through the price increases we need to cover the cost.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Michael Dahl from Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Michael Dahl: Thanks for fitting me in. couple of follow-ups here. A lot of comments or questions around the startup cost and some of the productivity I guess just thinking about heading into next year Frank you have noted that start-up cost are going to remain elevated but if I think about the productivity side and how it should be tied to basically your CapEx budget for that given the higher CapEx budget are we directionally is it fair to assume that productivity improvement should accelerate next year as well?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have not put together all the budgets for next year and the pieces so I can't give you a rational answer on the question we are still focused on this year which roll in that half way through. All of the businesses are coming up with new ideas to increase the productivity and to bring new products to market and then we are trying to release any constrains on a business to all the assets. And we think those things are going to have long term positive profitability in our sales growth with all those things when you put it all this new equipment you have the lag time to optimizing the sales and optimizing this equipment so that's going to all be happening over the next 12 months as we try to bring all these things up and therefore from quarter to quarter I can't give you an exact piece but I can tell you a year from now will be much better shape.
Michael Dahl: Got it. And then going back to the some of the vertical integration, I appreciate that's always been a part of your business. Maybe if you could help us help refresh where are some areas if there are any large areas outstanding that you are not currently backwards integrated that if the right opportunity arises you would be interested in going that direction.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think the biggest opportunities would be in our ceramic business and owning mines to support the raw materials in some places we have them and other places we don't and some cases that make sense and other doesn't. I guess most of the other businesses the board businesses which support laminate we buy raw materials from them when Europe was buying a lot more waste products to put in we are looking for ways of utilizing waste product surround like we do and polyester bonds in different places. So we are fairly well integrated but there is some places where we have old, and as they become available we might make changes like we did in the carpet business with nylon as it we were doing just final without it but there was an opportunity and we took advantage of. 
Michael Dahl: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call over to Mr. Lorberbaum.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining us. The company is in a very strong position and the organization is generating a lot of ideas to grow both internally and externally, introduce the products and expand in our geographies. We think all of these things will help our business long term and we are putting in place to optimize the return to our shareholders. Thank you very much for joining our second quarter call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Lorberbaum - Chief Executive Officer Frank Boykin - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bob Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI Stephen East - Wells Fargo Securities Michael Dahl - Barclays Capital John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co. Megan McGrath - MKM Partners Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs Laura Champine - Roe Equity Research, LLC John Lovallo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates Scott Rednor - Zelman & Associates Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Robert Aurand - Longbow Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, April 28, 2017. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today, well update you on the Companys results for the first quarter 2017 and provide guidance for the second quarter. Id like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. Ill now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawks Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. In the first quarter Mohawk sales rose approximately 4% on a constant days and local currency basis to a first quarter record of $2.2 billion was flooring North America and rest of world outpacing global ceramic growth. Operating income grew 12% to about $275 million and our operating margin 12.4%, up 110 basis points over the prior year due to volume mix and productivity, adding $60 million to operating income. Both our operating income and margin were first quarter records. During the period material costs increased across our portfolio and we initiated price increases that should cover our material costs in the third quarter. This year around the world we plan to invest more than $750 million to expand our ceramic, carpet, laminate and LVT as well as our sheet vinyl and wood. The utilize this capacity we will invest more in marketing and start-up cost this year with the fourth quarter investment being the highest. In addition, we are entering the European carpet tile and countertop market as well as the Russian sheet vinyl business. In April, we completed the acquisition of two small ceramic manufacturers in Europe and a carpet nylon polymerization plant in the U.S.; in May, we anticipate purchasing a mine for our U.S. ceramic operations. The price for these will be about $270 million plus future investments to optimize them. In the U.S. consumer confidence rose in March to the highest level since 2000 supported by job and wage growth. The National Association of Realtor reported March existing home sales improved to the highest level in more than 10 years. In March new home starts increased 9% and have home prices continue to rise. Harbors LIRA Index is forecasting home remodeling growth of 7% this year. In the first quarter the AIA reported strong commercial inquiries and architectural index is projecting higher growth. The European recovery is gaining traction in the EU is forecasting expansion for all countries in 2017 and 2018. In Russia, GDP in the fourth quarter increased for the first time in two years and could indicate a recovery. With that, lets turn to our first quarter results by segment. During the quarter, our Global Ceramic segment increased 2% as reported and on a constant days and currency basis. With operating margins rising 15%, a 190 basis point improvement. Growth slowed in the period due to customer inventory adjustments and postpone product trends actions in North America, extreme weather in Russia and Eastern Europe and a weaker Mexican peso. Purchasing patterns have now returned to normal and our sales growth is increasing. To recover increasing cost, we announced the general price increase in North America, which should be implemented by the end of the second quarter. Our recent investments in our North American ceramic business will propel our growth through the remainder of the year. In the U.S. this year, we are planning to open 18 to 20 new ceramic tile or stone centers to expand our distribution. Statement, our shop within a shot concept is being expanded among leading ceramic retailers. We have increased our regional and national homebuilder relationships by providing them a complete product offering that satisfies all of their needs. Our distributors are embracing our new product launches and replacing other imports with unique collections acquired directly from our Italian operations. Our new Tennessee facility is operating at planned volume and quality levels, and we are using the plant's advanced technology to introduce premium products, such as sophisticated metallic and glazed color body collections. We are increasing our countertop sales, as we open additional service centers and expand our product offering including porcelain countertops from Italy. We are upgrading our floor and wall tile offering in the home center channels to address evolving consumer preferences. Our ceramic sales in Mexico continued to outpace the growing market, but are limited by our current capacity. To utilize additional capacity coming from our seller market expansion later this year, we are developing new collections in distribution as well as adding South American customers to expand our geographic reach. In Europe, our ceramic business increased our profitability as a result of improved product mix, productivity, and equipment upgrades. Severe weather in Eastern Europe lowered our sales growth, which is now returned to normal. Our innovative new products are being well accepted by the market, enhancing our distribution, and improving our average selling price. Our new product development and sales processes activated our spring collections earlier and we train more retail salespeople to promote these new offerings. Upgrades to our commercial technical plant are progressing as planned with incremental production starting in May and continuing to expand through the end of July. We have successfully implemented our Italian information system and our Bulgarian business to improve our efficiency, controls, and service. Additional enhancements will be executed over the next year. Multiple equipment upgrades are being installed in Italy and Bulgaria to enhance our product offering and reduce our cost further. We completed our previously announced ceramic acquisition in Italy and the purchase of a small Polish ceramic operation. We are initiating strategies to enhance product offerings, improve efficiencies, and expand sales in both companies. In the last quarter of 2016, the Russian economy realizes its first GDP growth in two years, which could be an indication of a recovery. Since the downturn, the Russian ceramic market has declined almost 30%, while we have increased our market share and capacity. With the investments we have made, our domestic ceramic collections with award winning designs and large sizes up to 10 feet long are replacing premium imported products. During the quarter, sales in our flooring North America segment increased 4% as reported, are over 5% on a constant basis with hard surface sales continuing to outpace our carpet category. The segment's operating margin increased to 10%, up 150 basis points over the prior year. Our raw materials have risen. And we are increasing prices as necessary. Our residential carpet sales performed well during the period, with ongoing strength from our proprietary SmartStrand franchise. During the quarter, we introduced SmartStrand Silk Reserve, the next generation of ultra-soft carpet. This is the third addition of our exclusive fiber system, which has extended our leadership in premium carpet. We are adding unique products and specialized sales personnel to expand our Main Street commercial and high-end Kyrgyzstan collections. In the middle price points, sales of our continuing polyester offerings are growing with their differentiated feel, performance and value. Our revolutionary new Aero product changes the way soft flooring is manufactured, installed, and recycled. Aeros luxurious feel and unique construction is being well received as an innovative alternative to traditional soft flooring. Our commercial carpet bookings improved during the period. Those shipments were postponed due to the timing. We are adding commercial sales personnel to target key regions and channels. We are growing our participation with both large U.S. and international accounts. We anticipate continued sales improvement from our new tufted, printed and woven technologies and we are extending our design leadership in carpet tile. We are integrating our soft and hard surface offerings to provide architects and designers with more appealing combinations that satisfied our client needs. Sales of our hard surface products continue to expand at a higher rate with our LVT and premium laminate growing the fastest. With their superior design performance, our flexible, rigid and commercial LVT collections are being well accepted across all channels. The continued improvement of our LVT manufacturing process is increasing our capacity and margins. Construction of our new LVT line will begin this quarter and we anticipate start up in the fourth quarter. Our sheet vinyl sales strategy has improved our position with Mohawk retailers, independent distributors and home centers. Weve announced a price increase in sheet vinyl that cover increasing raw material costs. Sales of our laminate collections remained strong with our unique styling and performance features and our new production line should be operational in the fourth quarter. We have upgraded our wood offering to meet growing demand for wider planks with rich textures and sophisticated colors. During the second period, we acquired a nylon resin plant to extend our backward integration and improve our cost position. To improve service and efficiency, we closed the carpet dyeing operation, consolidated commercial carpet facilities and rationalized wood plan, while increasing our other engineered wood capacity. Across the segment, we have multiple new investments in various stages of implementation to introduce innovative products and capacity and improve our profitability. For the quarter, our Flooring Rest of the World segment sales were up about 3% on a local basis and constant days. The segments operating margin was down versus the prior year due to higher material costs and currency changes. We are increasing prices across most product categories to offset higher material costs, which should cover the costs in the third quarter. To utilize our upcoming LVT laminate sheets vinyl and carpet tile expansions. We're investing a more sales, marketing and product development during the year. All of our LVT brands grew significantly during the period as we increase our production and expanded our distribution and product offering. Our new LVT product introductions are being well received across all channels, due to the unique design and performance attributes. We are reducing our costs as we improve our line speeds efficiencies and yields. Construction has begun for a new LVT production line, which is start up in the fourth quarter, expanding our product offering in both flexible and rigid LVT. Our sheet vinyl sales lag compared to last year as low inventories from earlier plant disruptions limited our service. We anticipate normalized sheet vinyl sales in the second quarter. We have identified a location in Russia for our new sheet vinyl plant, which should be operational by early next year. Our laminate production in Europe is running at capacity and we're preparing for the installation of new equipment that will give us additional capacities to extend our lead in the category. To meet growing demand, we're also expanding our Russian laminate operation, which is presently fully utilized. Our impressive collection as refined the premium, laminate category with its unique water resistance and deeply textured services and has now become our largest selling product in the category. Our wood margins have increased as we enhance the visuals of our wider planks and install state-of-the-art equipment to improve our yields and efficiencies. Our insulation board sales continued to increase during the period. However, shortages in key materials are dramatically increasing our costs and impacting our production volume. We are aggressively raising prices to offset the costs we are incurring. Our wood panel sales are growing and our margins are expanding, as we improve our mix, capacity and costs. We are preparing an existing site for our new Belgium carpet tile plant, which should be operational by the first of next year. I'll now turn the call over to Frank to review our financial performance for the period.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $2.221 billion, up 2% as reported or up 4% on a constant days and FX basis with the strongest growth in the Flooring North American segment. Our gross margin as reported was 30.6%, excluding non-recurring items the margin was 30.8%, up 110 basis points. With the improvement from productivity of $36 million, volume of $14 million and price mix of $10 million, offsetting input cost inflation of $22 million. SG&A as a percentage of net sales was 18.3% as reported or 18.2% excluding charges. The percentage was flat to last year as we continue to invest in the sales and marketing to grow our business. And usual charges of $4 million were primarily related to the plant consolidation in the flooring North American and continuing consolidation integration and flooring rest of world. Operating margin, excluding charges was 12.6%. This is 100 basis point improvement over last year. This includes productivity of $41 million, volume of $9 million in price mix of $9 million. All impacting our margin positively and offsetting input cost inflation of $22 million. Our interest expense was $8 million a decrease from last year as we leveraged our lower rate commercial paper program. We estimate total year interest expense of about $30 million including our announced acquisitions. Other income loss was a loss of $2 million with transactional FX impact in the results over last year. Our income tax rate for the quarter was 25.6% and that compares to 25.4% last year. We expect the rate to be between 26% and 26.5% for the second quarter. Our earnings per share, excluding charges was $2.72 an increase of 14% over last year. Moving to the segments. In the Global Ceramic segment sales were $785 million that's up 2% both as reported and on a constant basis as weather and customer product transitions impacted our results. Our operating income margin excluding charges was 14.8% or 180 basis points over last year. The primary factors for the increase were productivity of $19 million and positive price mix of $5 million offsetting input cost inflation of $9 million. In the flooring North American segment sales as reported were $939 million, a 4% increase or 5% up using constant days. As Jeff mentioned flooring North America is implemented to carpet price increases to compensate for inflation. LVT continues to be the highest growth product category here. Our operating income margin excluding charges was 10.1%, up 140 basis points improvement was supported by productivity of $13 million and volume of $5 million. In the flooring rest of world segment, sales as reported were $496 million, up 1% or up 3% using constant days in exchange rates. All product categories grew as LVT turned in another strong performance. Our operating income margin excluding charges was 15.7%. The margin was benefited by productivity of $10 million offset by input cost inflation of $11 million in negative FX of $5 million. Price increases are being implemented in most categories to offset the inflation. I would like to remind everyone of our IP change this year that we described last quarter. We expect our total IP to be between $65 million and $70 million this year with the annual run rate dropping to $35 million at the beginning of June. In the corporate and elimination segment the operating loss was $9 million and we expect the loss to be between $35 million and $40 million for the full-year. Turning to the balance sheet. We had receivables of $1.498 billion with DSOs up to 54.9 days compared 52.3 days last year. This was primarily impacted by channel mix. Inventories were $1.741 billion with inventory days at 110 compared to 107 days last year impacted by geographic expansion and product growth. Fixed assets were $3.5 billion and included first quarter capital expenditures of $201 million with depreciation and amortization of $105 million. We're currently estimating full-year CapEx of $750 million with DNA of almost $450 million. We do expect the CapEx spend increase with acquisitions and additional projects, but we haven't finalized the number. Long-term debt was $2.6 billion and our leverage was at 1.4 times debt to EBITDA. With that, I will turn it back over to Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. We remain optimistic about the economy, the flooring industry, and Mohawks potential. Our second quarter sales growth should accelerate sequentially on a local basis and our operating income should improve despite higher inflation, expiring patents, and a weaker British pound. We are implementing product price increases across the enterprise due to escalating material costs. Our capital investments and process improvements will continue to yield higher productivity. This quarter we will finalize four acquisitions that will broaden our product offering, geographic penetration, and competitive position. Taking all this into account, our adjusted EPS for the second quarter is $3.53 to $3.62 including our acquisitions. In the third quarter, higher pricing and productivity as well as lower currency headwind should improve our results. As we stated last quarter, this years sales growth prior to acquisition will be similar to last year's level, and our adjusted operating margin will increase slightly. We are investing at record levels, absorbing startup and marketing cost this year to enhance our long-term growth and make Mohawk a more profitable Company. We will be now glad to take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Bob Wetenhall: Hey, good morning. Thanks for all the color and granularity. I guess this is more for Frank. I was hoping you could talk about core profitability and the reason I'm asking about it is you have a lot of moving pieces, you're calling out start-up costs related to plant openings, increased spend on marketing, you're losing IP operating income and there's also FX headwinds. So there are bunch of moving pieces, but if you look at the business and try to isolate price versus cost and all the productivity improvement, I'm just trying to understand directionally speaking which way operating margins go into each of the segments, once you take out some of the non-recurring items?
Frank Boykin: Sure, I'll be glad to address that. Our business is improving significantly this year without start-up cost in IP. We have not changed our annual outlook and with the four acquisitions, we'll add another $0.15 a share to EPS this year. We still maintained that our 2017 sales will increase 5.5% and operating margins will improve slightly even with start-up cost IP and some pretty high inflation.
Bob Wetenhall: With that being said, can you talk to me a little bit about the pace in cadence the profitability in 2Q and 3Q just because Jeff gave your updated outlook for second quarter EPS? Is there going to be  how do we think about profit margin moving in 2Q and 3Q, given what you're talking about price increases coming, loss of IP in rest of world, and then kind of maybe moderating FX headwinds in the third quarter. I'm just trying to put it together to get a more. It seems like there is a bunch of moving pieces, some are transitory. There is some movement in the P&L. I'm trying to understand how to think 2Q versus 3Q specifically. Thanks for the help.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Sure. Let me take a shy at it. So in the second quarter profitability is going to be negatively impacted by the British pound and inflation  with inflation across the business impacting us. Our third quarter operating income was going to increase sequentially over the second quarter and that's going to be driven by price increases and productivity with more of the productivity for the full-year impacting the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, we are going to incur higher start-up costs from investments.
Frank Boykin: Listen, it seems to be so much focus on the quarters. I just want to make sure that we're not missing how we are strengthening our business in total. We're going into new products and geographies. We're expanding our production across the world. We're doing all the right things to enhance the profitability. This is really the same strategy we've been using to compound our shareholder return by over 25% over the last five years. I mean we're really doing the right things to make that business grow.
Bob Wetenhall: With that being said and that's what I was trying to get at essentially with what you're seeing year-to-date and your expectations based on what Frank outlined just now stepping through the next couple of quarters? Are you tracking today based on where you expect it to be at the start of the year or as what you're seeing in the marketplace across your different product categories consistent with your expectations and from an execution standpoint, are you delivering based on your plan ahead of it or behind it? Thanks and good luck.
Jeff Lorberbaum: As I really think we're doing better than the plant because we have all this inflation, we hadn't anticipated. There is significant pricing mix in the lag between the pricing and the costs were incurring. So we've overcome all those and we're still going to hit where we started the first of the year. I mean we're doing really well in our execution.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Stephen Kim: Yes, thanks very much guys. Appreciate it. Yes, so I wanted to talk a little bit if I could about the productivity. I don't think you mentioned in your release, the $140 million or better than the $140 million productivity, which you did last year. Want to make sure that that was something that you still felt strongly about and the $36 million of productivity you recorded, I think actually $41 million, I think you recorded in the first quarter. How should we think about that number going through the year? Will it be sharply weighted towards increasing in the back half of the year or is going to take a step down significantly in Q2 because of the factors were talking about? Just give us a sense for how that may flow year-over-year?
Frank Boykin: Yes, first just a kind of level set it. We have hundreds of projects that are driving that productivity both capital expenditures as well as process improvement. So a lot of moving parts and it's hard to say precisely how much productivity we're going to add in one quarter versus the other. But right now as we look at the timing for those productivity improvements as they roll out through the year, we would expect to see, as I mentioned before, higher productivity improvements in the third quarter compared to the other three quarters. And your point earlier Steve, the point we had made last time, last quarter on the call that productivity for the full-year will be greater than the $140 million for last year, we still stand by that.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And dont forget where they went to review it, all the different projects you heard coming up in the fourth quarter is going to have a higher percentage of the startup costs in the fourth quarter than the prior quarters.
Stephen Kim: Great, thats really encouraging. I guess a lot of other things we could ask about. But let me ask about your net price input headwind. In the first quarter it looked like it was about $13 million, we know that you're going to recover that in the back half of the year, youre very clear about that. I was curious about two things. One, in the second quarter, we know theres going to be a little bit of a gap there. Could we see that net headwind of $13 million? I mean could be like meaningfully higher like maybe double, like $25 million, $30 million of a net headwind between price and input. And for the year, do you expect the back half to be able to recover some of the headwind that you have in the first half or is the back half just could be kind of a net neutral in the year will be negative by the amount of the first half is negative.
Frank Boykin: You exceeded your questions, with that one question. Let me take a shot and then Jeff will finish with that. It will  the raw material inflation will be more significant in the third and fourth  second, third and fourth quarters. We wont cover it all with the second quarter, but we will cover it all with the third and the fourth quarters.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I forgot the rest of the question.
Stephen Kim: Basically what I was trying to figure out is, when we look at the whole year, will the recovery in the second half of the year also sort of help cover what you the negatives that you absorbed in the first half or is the back half just going to be kind of like breakeven in terms of price and input?
Jeff Lorberbaum: There is a lot of inflation going on of different types, labor, energy and the pieces and all flow-through. We think we had enough price to cover most of that. We always contribute some of the productivity and other things. We also contribute to offset some of it, it's not as black and white as you're asking the question.
Stephen Kim: Okay.
Frank Boykin: I mean I think the more important point is the comment that Jeff made before we started the questions is that we think even with all this inflation when we get to the end of the year, we're still going to be where we thought were going to be at the beginning of the year.
Stephen Kim: Right. Got that. Thanks guys.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Stephen East: Thank you and good morning, guys. Frank, maybe I'll ask you your core growth of 5%. Could you break that down for us as we go through the year between price mix and volume and maybe just give us a little indication of which segments sort of rank order your segment growth there?
Frank Boykin: That would be a lot of moving parts in the increased between now and the end of the year. And I would say that we're going to see volume growth, but we're also going to see some improvement in that topline with the price increases that we're putting in, but I don't have the data here in front I mean you give it to you that in that level of detail.
Stephen East: Okay. Is it fair to say, we think the volume would be the bigger driver that 5.5%?
Frank Boykin: Yes. And I think the other point to make on that. The cadence of that as you move through the year, as you saw in the first quarter the growth rate was lower and it should start to ratch it up in the second and then more so in the third and fourth quarters.
Stephen East: Sure. I got you. Okay, thanks. And second question, Jeff is sort of the bigger picture. I've never really seen company take the CapEx from the 2% to 7%, 8% for multiple years and truly drive the productivity like you guys haven't gotten the results that you guys have. So I wonder as you keep ongoing year-by-year. Could you talk a little bit about how you would view the risks, they're always risks of over investing getting diminishing returns. You havent really seen that yet. I guess I'm wondering how you think about that. What specifically to your business and then maybe give us some idea of how you are what tracking mechanisms you all used to make sure that doesn't creep into the CapEx spend?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The CapEx is made up of multiple things across the world we've discussed over multiple calls. Many of our production facilities are running at or near capacity and sell in order to keep the growth of the business, we have to invest in those things to keep expanding them. In addition, the capital investments to increase our product innovation, which allows us to make more differentiated products, which allows us to participate in higher margin premium categories. At the same time we've announced going into additional products and geographies we are not in like carpet tile we mentioned in Europe, sheet vinyl in and Russia and countertops in Italy and there's multiple of those and smaller ones we've been talk about were putting on in order to expand our base and improve our business. We are in a cyclical business, and it does change over time, we don't see anything occurring in the foreseeable future that would slow it down from where it is. We've been through multiple downturns, we understand how to handle and what to do with them and we'll do the same we've always done when they occur.
Stephen East: Okay. As you look at your productivity side of your spend is there, can you give us maybe a peak under the covers about where it may start to show up per store what you all would be looking for from that perspective.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Weve given you a high level view that said its going to be more than next year. We try to give you a direction over what the operating profit will be for the year and I mean it all adds up to those numbers and direction that we've given you as we go through. The productivity pieces or a combination of just innovative ideas how to do things different a one side and on the other side, it's a result of many of these acquisitions that either increase our productivity as we go through. And then at the same time following another category you have as we introduce new products that have more differentiation and actually increase the margins of the products, which flows into the price mix category and it's a combination of managing all those things all these investments and how we're doing and the innovation that we're driving through the company is really what's enabling us to perform at levels that I don't think anybody's ever been that in our industry.
Stephen East: I would definitely agree with that last statement. So thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl from Barclays. Your line is open.
Michael Dahl: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Jeff, just a follow-up on that last comment of yours it truly is differentiated performance compared to how I think any of us have thought about the industry in the past. And if I look at your guidance for this year and what it implies for the back half of the year as far as growth ramping up. You've clearly laid out all of the capacity initiatives, the pricing initiatives, is this a period where we could be entering kind of a sustained period of high single-digit type of growth for your business from a topline standpoint compared to what historically, it was more like a low to maybe mid single-digit?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen that would be a favorable conclusion. I'm not sure that I have been embedded in mine that way. The business is huge at this point. It takes a lot of capital to keep growing at the rates we're in and we really look at it as a two-pronged piece. One is increasing the sales of our present businesses, improving the mix of the business, reducing the cost structures through investments and innovation at the same time continuing to find additional acquisitions that we can help and fit our strategy, and the combination of the two, we believe will allow us to continue growing at a rate much faster than the market.
Michael Dahl: Okay, thanks. As a follow-up on the acquisitions, I think you mentioned $270 million total investment plus some future spend to optimize the manufacturing. Can you help us understand from a  how these businesses are going on from. How much it has the sales and presumably since there is some investment needed to optimize they may currently be running at below company line margins, but just a little detail on the margin profile and how long it will take you to get them back up to company average?
Jeff Lorberbaum: First thing, we gave you an indication that said for the balance of the year, we expect them to add about $0.15 to earnings to give you a view of the present piece. Each one of them is different, and the biggest one is in Italy and the one in Italy is almost across the street from our present business and so combining those is basically a bolt-on business to combine the two together to enhance  to reduce the  improve the productivity and efficiencies of both businesses, putting together to broaden the distribution of the products. We have a much broader product offering and we can use our assets to give them a broader offering to their customer base. The Polish business is really a very small plant that is really a foundation to grow a new business. The business itself is relatively small. We're going to increase the capacity of the plant. It's in a low cost labor area. It has raw materials that are almost next door to it, so you have low cost manufacturing base. We can provide it through more investments. The ability to make much higher stuff and better products, the vicinity where it's located gives you low transportation cost to get to Northern Europe and the places around and compete in a lower price points than the focus of our Southern European business today. The other pieces are just what the other things we're buying the mine in the nylon plant are just ways of securing our raw materials at better prices and more control, and all the businesses will require investments to drive them over time. And I think we have a long history of buying businesses and improving them and it's just doing the same thing over again.
Frank Boykin: And just to remind everyone last quarter, I think we have said that the Italian ceramic business itself were about 160 million.
Michael Dahl: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line John Baugh from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
John Baugh: Thank you and good morning. I wanted to touch on carpet I guess and you have pretty good expansion in the margin in that segment. Just curious, Im not sure you are not going to give me a number, but what overall carpet played in the margin in the quarter. The carpet is a large piece of the business. We've been investing heavily in it as we go through, you heard we have closed plants, consolidated plants, put more investments in backward integration. We're driving the productivity of the business up. We're using our product innovation to improve the mix and quality of it. I mean it's a good part of our business and we think we can keep it operating well and improvement.
Frank Boykin: So I presume given its way  it had a fairly nice margin performance year-over-year in Q1, despite implanting [indiscernible] conclusion?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It would be hard to drive the margins up dramatically without  and leads out such a large part of our business.
John Baugh: Got it, and then on the acquisition front, Jeff, what if anything are you seeing I guess as you get longer into a cycle, people tend to certainly get higher expectations. You've done some small things here, but I'm just curious what the acquisition pipeline looks like? What you're seeing from potential sellers are you just so focused on all your CapEx expansion really, really not focused there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We continually talk to acquisition candidates. Given that our management is capable of buying things around the world. Theres always people looking to do differently with the businesses. We continuously talk to ones all the time. The question really becomes the perception of value and how to get both sides together to make it work out. And sometimes that work out easily and sometimes a take a long time.
Frank Boykin: WE believe we've got both the balance sheet and the management strength to do both capital projects, as well as more acquisitions.
John Baugh: Noted, eye on that. Thanks and good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood from Nomura. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Mason on for Mike. What is the early read on sales in Adult Novelty plant and where is that plant stand with production efficiencies?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The existing plant continues to improve, the line speeds continue to go up. The yields continue to improve. We're focused on two things, which is driving them up even further and then putting more complexity in the plant to get more  higher value products. We're working through both of those as we speak. We have broken ground to expand the buildings to put in new line, which should be installed and starting operation by the end of the year. We think it's a good category and we intend to be a leader in it.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, and the second question, how much of  bleeds into your 2Q guidance for June. And are there any potential SG&A offsets from the royalty loss?
Frank Boykin: Not sure we understand the question, one more time.
Unidentified Analyst: How much of [indiscernible] in your Q2 guidance for June?
Frank Boykin: I mean the IP?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Frank Boykin: Well, again what we said was if you do the math, the full-year will be between $65 million and $70 million. But in that run rate is going to drop to an annual run rate of $35 million starting in June 1.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We had seven months at $35 million, the difference in the two gives you the first part.
Frank Boykin: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Megan McGrath from MKM Partners. Your line is open.
Megan McGrath: Good morning. Just wanted to get some more detail if I could on the input cost inflation, you mentioned a couple of items, but it also sounded like you might have seen an unexpected inter quarter spike and I lose one input cost. So could you give us a little bit more detail on what you're seeing and the biggest pressure and where you've seen them kind of trend throughout the quarter if there is any sort of relief on the horizon?
Frank Boykin: Im not sure I can get the granular on every product category has inflation and more than we anticipated. The chemical-based materials are going to everything has increased the prices in everything from glue to fiber types to anything this got chemicals and it's going up. The wood prices have moved up in Europe, there is labor and energy increases across everything. And then you have currency changes that have impacted as we shift between currencies that we have to overcome. There is in polyurethane there is actually a shortage in urethane chemicals going into it. The shortages severe the prices are going up dramatically and to the point where we actually won't be able to manufacture as much as we want. So it's across the anything and everything and everyone of the businesses is repricing the products, both on a local basis and we ship across currencies they're making adjustments for the currencies, as we go through and we believe that we'll be covering those costs in the third quarter.
Megan McGrath: Great. Thank you. Any potential impact from the proposed Canadiantariff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, if you can tell me what the proposals will look like how decide what it is. The tariffs up there are on softwood and we use hardwood. And then the woods we use typically we buy in local areas because the freight so much. So that particular tariff won't impacted is it.
Megan McGrath: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Rehaut: Hi, thanks. Good morning, Mike Rehaut. Question around price points during the quarter, I was hoping you could speak to the relative strength as you saw in North America in terms of - I'm thinking here particularly in terms of just residential carpet and ceramic. If you could kind of talk to the relative strength of kind of the lower-end value commodity type product versus more the typical mid-price point and as well as anything on the higher end. How those different price points are trending both in carpet in ceramic?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The price points are in carpet are really hard to read when you start putting out price increases, whats you get is the high volume, more commodity products they start pre-buying and front of it and then you have to guess, how much is pre-buying how is it going to flow through. So it's hard to see I think in general the business was probably a little softer than we had hoped that we just saw the GDP numbers come out, they were lower than we thought it would be. The remodeling business, the stronger it gets it trades at a higher price points. And then at the lower price points, you have typically the new construction of apartment businesses. So it depends on a little bit on how each of the categories are running relative to each other, is probably the biggest impact as we see. And we also mentioned in our ceramic business, we had some unusual things with large customers postponing introductions, which impacted the piece and then we have inventory reductions going on. So there's a lot of moving parts I can't tell you that I seeing anything that dramatically change the historical trends.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. That's helpful, Jeff. And I guess secondly just looking at the three different businesses in terms of profitability. You talked obviously a lot about in the back half of the year, being able to recover the higher raw materials. How would you consider this year a bigger picture - do you feel like the raw material pressures are a little higher than normal or then in 2016 and as you go later into the cycle would you still expect to be able to more or less recover inflation through price and obviously just kind of more of a timing issue in the second quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So last year you had the oil prices hit a bottom and then I came back up. So you had the prices going down and back up, is that happened. As we came to the end of the year those things were flowing through and we're guessing how those we're going to apply to the year. So it looks like  my guess is oil looks like it's going to stay relatively in the range of that for a while you've then have the chemical companies in between that are trying to improve their margins as they go through, and I don't know enough about it to know how they're going to react in the supply and demand of those things to projected forward any better than you do. So there is a chance that we've seen the majority of the inflation. We're going to get for a while or we could be surprised. Only thing I can tell you is just like you saw us to react now, we will react to push them through to the marketplace.
Michael Rehaut: Great, thanks guys.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Eisner from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Samuel Eisner: Good morning, guys. Just on the  you cited I think across all segments there was some kind of revenue that was missed in the quarter either regards to customer inventory dynamic, the product transitions. So is there a way to put a point estimate on how much that was a drag in terms of organic growth in the quarter, dollar basis or even percentage basis. And then perhaps maybe just give a little bit more color on kind of where those customer kind of squeeze points are today?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I can't tell you what something would have been if something else didnt happen. I'm not that smart. What we said is that even though the growth rate in the first quarter was lower than our annual estimate that we think we're going to hit the annual estimate as close to of around 5.5%, which means the future quarters have to strengthen and we've said that we anticipated strengthening further as we go through the year. We have said that some of our product categories have been limited by capacity and some of those things will change over time as they go through. I think thats the best we can do for you.
Frank Boykin: The only other point I would make on the ceramic side of the businesses is the first quarter of 2016. That growth was unusually high. So we had a difficult comp going into the first quarter with ceramic.
Samuel Eisner: Thats helpful. And then with regards to the acquisitions and the new product offerings that you guys are doing, you commented that fourth quarter should have some elevated sales and marketing expense. Is it just a way to think about for the full-year how much higher sales and marketing expense should be? You obviously have given some guidance around productivity initiatives and things of that nature, just curious where that particular line item, any kind of thoughts around it? Thanks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We've given guidance that the combination of start-up costs and marketing additional is going to be around $45 million for the year and it doesn't come through level, but the biggest piece would hit in the fourth quarter, but its going all the way through, as we start adding salespeople marketing as we go through and different projects come up with different times.
Samuel Eisner: Very helpful. And maybe if I can just sneak one more in here. Your growth or your kind of further expansion into the countertop market, any kind of sense of how much traction you're seeing there anyway to kind of think about the medium term kind of opportunity for you guys? Thanks so much.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's made up of a couple of different pieces. One is we have a significant stone and slab distribution in the United States. We said we're increasing the number of those in the United States to improve our distribution and increase the sales of the products. Those products we presently buy from around the world to support that business. In Europe, we are building a plant specifically to make countertops out of ceramic, which is a business that's been in Europe for several years. It's being more and more accepted there. So we're going to enter there. We are going to use the same equipment to ship those products into the United States to sell-through our present distribution. And then presently, we're actually importing similar products to build the market for it. It typically takes a while to build it and we would assume that once we establish and get it running, we will build another plant like the one we've built in Europe here to support it. So we see the ceramic and the countertop businesses as another leg to grow with.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Roe Equity Research. Your line is open.
Laura Champine: Good morning. Could you talk a little about the backward integration you're doing in terms if you can generalize about how much that can add to margins and how much more you have to do along those lines in your different segments?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Those pieces are so small relative to our total business. Its not going to change the margins of the business. What we do on each one, as we look at it on a return basis on each investment, and we expect to get a return on investment over time, they tend to be low risk because we use most if not all of the capacities. We know what's going to happen, and we know that we're going to need it over 20 years. So those are just normal pieces. We own mines around the country around the world to support some of our ceramic in some cases it makes sense to own them and other cases it doesn't and when things become available. We consider them. We also look to start our own mine to different places we've done. The raw materials supply the ceramic piece and ceramic just the mine piece usually the transportation for the mine to the plant has more than the materials. So the location of those things is really important as we go through and we mentioned that do thing in Poland, it sitting on top of mind closed by, which gives it an economic advantages manufacturing point. The same thing with the backward integration on the carpet side, it's just one of many that we have and it just fills another gap that we had. Nylon makes up somewhere around 35% of the industry. And so it gives us a stronger position than weve had.
Laura Champine: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo from Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Lovallo: Hey guys, thanks for fitting me in here. First question, I guess you've done a nice job of pushing price through to offset some of the raw material inflation here, but I guess I'm curious how do your contracts work if I'm thinking of specialty stores with contractors and home center et cetera. I mean, are you able to go back to them and push price even further than it is now if materials continue to rise?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The majority of our sales are done at market. So they are fluid and changeable and depending upon which market and what type of account, there are some different lead times on different things, but for the most part they change relatively limited period of time. On the other side with most of our suppliers, theyre either at market or cost plus some basis and theyre different all over the place.
John Lovallo: Okay. And then Frank, could you just, I guess one housekeeping item here. A number of your competitors, who have adjusted for excess tax benefits from the exercise of stock options, running that through the tax line, is that that's in your guidance now or how should we think about that?
Frank Boykin: You're talking about a new share-based payment accounting rule that came out and only impact us was in the first quarter with new material impact in our first quarter tax rate. And that was all included in our guidance we gave guidance for the first quarter.
John Lovallo: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. You announced 20 new Daltile centers, so two question on that. First, how many does that bring to in a total right now? And is there any work on those two presenters more of a retail format. We can actually transactions in the store or different anything along those lines?
Jeff Lorberbaum: What we said was there 20 either Daltile surface centers or Daltile slab centers. So theyre not all exactly the same. What each of those do, it is distribution operation for a local market in order to supply it, and then within those pieces there also selection centers, so that our customers can bring their customers and help them pick out and make choices of the products as we go through. We have areas that we think we can improve our business and get more market share out of it and we do it that way. In addition, we also add more salespeople, which we talk about in order to get to more customers and it could be builders, it could be commercial jobs they operate out of those local market, local places in order to optimize our position in the marketplace.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Sam Darkatsh: Jeff, Frank. How are you? Just one question for me a lots of different capacity at projects that you highlighted Jeff, I think the only one by my notes that you actually mentioned was on time and on plan was the other Tennessee ceramic facility? Are we on plan and one-time with all the other ones, are there any delays or cost overruns how we doing with milepost says the year progresses?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It was on time and other one that went actually came up out of the ground and went to start up in the fall of last year. So I went through startup. So what we're saying is not only of the start-up is now operating at peak performance that we expected it to get to the other ones are all moving as we expect. But I mean these things there are million variables and from getting the permits to government approvals to suppliers putting stuff and to all kinds of things and we tried to give you directionally that we thought they would - when I would come up in the operating and most of the big ones are running from the fourth quarter - some of the big ones to be in the fourth quarter. Some in the first quarter of next year as we go through, but I mean we have all kinds of things. We have a carpet cushion plant that we put up in to satisfy the market in the Western United States, it's up and running well. We have a new engineered wood plan that's in came up that it's running well. I mean there is multiple of projects that are coming up or not we tended to focus on the big new capacity increases, which are being spent this year. But there is all kinds of projects that came through last year that are in various stages of optimizing.
Sam Darkatsh: What I'm getting - just as you look at all the different projects are there any material call-outs that that project or two has been delayed enough where it may cause some risk to the sales growth expectations over the next few quarters?
Jeff Lorberbaum: There's nothing at this point that we would say is dramatically ahead or behind where we thought it would.
Sam Darkatsh: Thank you very much.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Scott Rednor from Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Scott Rednor: Hey, good afternoon at this point. Just quickly, Frank the 5.5 sales growth for the year, that excludes currency, it excludes the acquisition? Does it include or exclude the patent revenue that's rolling off?
Frank Boykin: It includes the patent revenue.
Scott Rednor: Okay. Great thank you for clarifying. And then just quickly, can you guys frame how much of for North America is soft surface right now carpet rugs just broadly and Jeff, if you had to guess what you think the share of that business is going over the next couple years.
Jeff Lorberbaum: But we don't break out the details of the different product categories across it. Carpeting as loss share relative to the total growth. In the U.S. we would guess flooring over time will grow about 3% to 4% and I would guess carpet could be flat to up a level plus or minus, who knows exactly as it relative to it and then same embedded in the same thing, you have LVT thats going rapidly as a percent, so it's growing much higher. You have ceramic thats growing at a faster rate in the industry as general from industry trends. And then you have the other ones that are growing tend to be at the 3% to 4% or less. We participate in all of them.
Scott Rednor: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Eric Bosshard: Thank you. Jeff, you had commented a bit on the market earlier and I just wanted to hear you expand on that, understand how GDP growth behave, but in terms of your markets the demand in 1Q and the visibility you have on order books as we go into 2Q and through the year, how is that behaving relative to what you expected coming into the year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean going back, what I just said was our view is that the flooring industrial growth rate of 4% this year. I don't think anything's is changed it for whatever reasons, first quarter GDP and first quarter growth for the industry historically has been a little slower than the average. So we don't see it changing anything. When you look at the big parts, the new housing construction seems like it's going to grow somewhere around 10% based on most people's estimate is in line with what the expectations are to reach that. The commercial business should be growing about industry growth rate plus or minus a little bit overall. And then the big upside question is how does remodeling take off or not and it's been running slightly less than those, is it going to pick up and do better or not as housing prices go up, as interest rates go up. People may start staying at  see that they're not going to move and may start investing more in it. And we could have more upside if that occurs. But we're still sitting with an industry growth of 3% to 4%.
Eric Bosshard: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Robert Aurand: Hi. This is Robert Aurand on for David. I guess just going back to the capacity additions, Mohawk has always been the company recognized with a strong management bench, but just given the magnitude of the growth you're undertaking into your manufacturing capacity within a relatively short period of time. Can you talk about how you're developing the management capability to step in and run all those capacity efficiently?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Sure. First, you have to start out that we run our business in a decentralized manner that we've run different products and different geographies under local managers and we do that on purpose in order to allow them to adjust to local circumstances and needs. With that it enables us to give different projects to different groups and handle a multitude of things at the same time, where each only handling one or two, so that collectively we can handle a lot of projects at the time. At the same time we do have interaction between them to help them with technology knowledge, design, style, engineering capabilities that we share across as needed and each of the managers know that their goal is to optimize their piece, but they better do the right thing for the whole as yet. And I get a lot of positive things out of doing  helping each other. It's good for them and it's good for the whole group as you go through. So I mean we're really in a unique position and then connected to that our strength of our balance sheet and the cost of our debt is extremely low as we go through and it's all because of the strength of the entire company. And then we have, as we've grown different than most companies when we go through acquisitions, we buy the management as much as we buy the assets. And I don't know many companies that have been able to maintain the management from these acquisitions like we have, and it takes a unique method of driving it in order to make sure that they feel that they're part of the business and can help and when buy good acquisitions we feed them capital and ideas, but I mean they're still driving the business as we go through, which is why go back to the first segment, which was Daltile, the same management as you're driving at today that was driving it 15 years ago and we have the same thing through a large number of all the acquisitions.
Robert Aurand: Thank you. I appreciate the color.
Operator: There are no other questions at this time. I will turn the call back to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing comments.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We appreciate everyone joining us. We want to keep focusing on that we're investing at record levels. And we're looking at acquisitions and were improving our business and the goal is to keep and maintain Mohawk as a high growth Company and make it more profitable in the future than it is today. We're doing the right things and I know it's uncomfortable that the variation between quarters goes up and more as we do these things, but I mean the long-term conclusion is we're going to have a much stronger and more profitable business. We appreciate your support and thank you for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation, this concludes today's conference call . You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-10 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank Boykin  Chief Financial Officer Jeff Lorberbaum  Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Bob Wetenhall  RBC Capital Markets John Baugh  Stifel Keith Hughes  SunTrust Sam Eisner  Goldman Sachs Mike Dahl  Barclays Scott Rednor  Zelman & Associates David MacGregor  Longbow Research John Lovallo  Bank of America Kathryn Thompson  Thompson Research Group Stephen East  Wells Fargo Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Company Laura Champine  Roe Equity Research Stephen Kim  Evercore ISI
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sally and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, February 10, 2017. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Sally. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today, well update you on the Companys results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2016 and provide guidance for the first quarter of 2017. Id like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. Ill now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawks Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Mohawk delivered record results in 2016. For the full year, our revenues rose to an all-time high of $9 billion, an 11% increase. We generated adjusted operating income of $1.3 billion, up 24%. And our EBITDA for the year rose to $1.7 billion, both the highest in our history. Mohawks performance in 2016 is the result of an aggressive growth strategy we began in 2013. From 2013 to 2015, Mohawk invested $4.8 billion in capital expenditures and acquisitions, growing our sales and operating income at a compounded rate of 12% and 38%, respectively, over that period. Of the $4.8 billion, $1.4 billion was invested in capital expenditures to expand sales, introduce innovative products, and increase productivity across the enterprise by $300 million in that three year period. While making these capital investments, we also acquired nine companies for $3.4 billion. The acquisitions expanded our ceramic sales in the U.S., Mexico, Europe, and Russia; our laminate and wood sales in U.S., Europe, and the South Pacific; our vinyl and LVT sales in the U.S. and Europe; our insulation and wood panel sales in Europe. During this period our adjusted EBITDA increased by $720 million. In 2016, our capital investments were the highest ever at $670 million. This year we will escalate the capital investments further to $750 million, yielding a combined 2016 and 2017 investment of over $1.4 billion, approximately the same amount we invested in the previous three years. The largest part of these new investments is dedicated to expanding our manufacturing, adding the equivalent of $1.4 billion of product sales, which is a standalone company would rank among the largest flooring producers in the world. We are also adding unique capabilities to bring out more differentiated products and further enhance our productivity. In 2016 alone, process improvements from new methods; product re-engineering and equipment upgrades increased our productivity by $140 million. We anticipate even higher productivity improvements in the coming year. In December, with the election behind us, U.S. consumer confidence rose to its highest level in 15 years setting a positive tone for 2017. U.S. housing starts in 2016 rose to their highest level since 2007 and the National Association of Homebuilders has projected another year of steady improvement in the housing market as wage growth and rising home values lead consumers to commit, to larger home improvement projects. Harvard University, likewise, cites higher home values as a driver of strong and stable growth in home remodeling and repair spending. The LIRA Index is projected to rise during 2017 on par with last year. The AIA reported that the last three months of 2016 posted growth in design billings. The Architectural Billing Index recorded its strongest gains of the year in December. The strong close to the year should support commercial growth in 2017. In Europe, job creation and low interest rates improved GDP growth to 1.8%. The Russian economy is projected to improve in 2017 as oil prices increase and the ruble strengthens. In the fourth quarter, our sales grew 9% with an adjusted operating margin of 14.7%, an 80 basis points improvement over the prior year. Our sales and operating margin represent the highest fourth-quarter results in the Companys history. Business improved sequentially as we went through the period with the completion of the U.S. elections and rising consumer confidence. I will now review our fourth quarter results by segment. During the quarter, sales in our global ceramic increased 5% with adjusted margins rising to 14%, an 80 basis point improvement over the prior year. Sales in our northern American ceramic business improved with new construction, commercial and home center channels outperforming. During the period, our margins expanded due to productivity, volume, and improved mix from new product introductions. In our regional sales centers, merchandising investments that highlight our new collections expanded our sales. We are simplifying our interactions with our distributors by merging the salesforce of Marazzi and American Olean brands. In geographies where we dont distribution partners, we are investing in combined American Olean and Marazzi service centers. We are adding new slabs centers to expand our countertop business. Our larger sizes, contemporary shapes, and proprietary Reveal Imaging are driving our sales growth. Our design and service leadership has expanded our new home construction, national accounts and home center programs. To meet growing demand in North America, we are using both our global assets and international sourcing to supplement our domestic production. Our Greenfield ceramic plant in Tennessee became fully operational during the period and should reach planned efficiency levels in the first quarter. Were introducing higher-value products at the facility to improve the product mix in the plant. During the period our productivity benefited from process innovations, improved yield, and product reformulations. In the period, we successfully replaced our U.S. information system with SAP. Our new system is operating well, improving reporting and productivity. To offset inflation in labor, energy, and materials, we have announced price increases on selected products. In Mexico, our sales grew significantly, but we were constrained by our existing capacity. Our expanded product offering is driving sales and margin improvement, as well as expanding our participation in the commercial channel. Our Salamanca plant expansion will double the sites capacity and should be operational by late 2017. In anticipation of higher volume, we are increasing our sales organization to expand our Mexican sales and exports to Central and South American markets. We have implemented price increases to cover labor and energy inflation as well as currency changes. Our European ceramics sales and margins improved, despite market softness in the beginning of the quarter. We have completed the transformation of our European product offering and become a leader in style in the marketplace. We have increased commercial tile inventories in the fourth quarter so we can stop production and replace high-cost equipment during the first quarter. The plant will resume operations in the second quarter and should be operating at expected levels by the end of July. We are expanding our sales and specification organization to increase our penetration in the commercial channel. We are installing new technology to manufacture large porcelain slabs for countertops, furniture, floors, and wall. Our unique Reveal Imaging technology will allow us to replicate natural stone, wood, and other visuals on these slabs. Our Eastern European operations continue to grow their sales and expand margins. Our new introductions with higher fashion and larger sizes should improve our mix and productivity improvements should increase our manufacturing capacity in 2017. To enhance our process and controls, we anticipate implementing our Italian ERP system in Bulgaria in the second quarter. In Russia, we continue to outperform the market as we bring leading global design to the region. We have expanded our branded retail stores and consumer advertising to enhance our offering. We are upgrading our assets to bring larger and smaller sizes to the marketplace. We continue to strengthen our organization and specialize our sales, marketing, and manufacturing to optimize our penetration in all channels. We are installing additional capacity to support the expected improvement in the Russian economy. During the period, sales in our North American flooring business segment increased 10%, with hard surface product sales substantially increasing and carpet and rug products performing well. The segments adjusted operating margins expanded to 15%, a 90 basis point improvement over the prior year. Fourth-quarter sales began slowly and improved as we progressed through the period. Our results benefited from volume, process enhancements, and capital investments. Residential carpet sales improved despite decreased selling prices that reflected channel mix and growth in polyester. Our price increase of 3% to 5% that we announced last quarter to cover rising costs is being implemented in the first quarter. Most of our 2017 markets have been completed and retail expectations for the year are the strongest since the industry peaked. Timing of shows and price increases improved our sales in our sales in the period. We introduced the next generation of super soft carpet called SmartStrand Silk Reserve, which elevates carpet softness to an unprecedented level. Sophisticated new fabric designs are expanding our Karastan offering as we increase the distribution of our premium brand. We are introducing Aero, a patented recycled polyester technology that produces a unique, more luxurious soft flooring product with a built-in cushion that installs in half the time. Our new carpet pad plant in Mexicali has started and we will increase our cushion sales on the West Coast. During the period, our commercial business grew faster than residential. The investments we made last year expanding our products and sales organization are increasing our market share. In November, interior designers voted our new Topography carpet tile collection as the best modular carpet of the year for versatile looks made possible with a combination of sizes, shapes, and textures. To improve efficiency, we have consolidated two of our commercial manufacturing operations and we are enhancing our productivity and service through ongoing process improvements. We opened a new commercial carpet and hard surface design center that highlights our style and sustainability leadership and promotes innovative uses of our products. Our hard surface sales, which include LVT, laminate, wood, and vinyl, continued their dramatic expansion. Our Dalton LVT plant made significant improvements during the period and we are installing another LVT production line that will double our U.S. capacity by the end of this year. We are introducing SolidTech, a rigid product to complement our existing LVT collections. Our premium laminate products, with realistic visuals and proprietary water resistance, are outperforming the market. Our laminate sales will be constrained until our new production line is operational in the second half of this year. Were introducing more refined visuals and longer engineered planks that replicate solid wood at our newly- commissioned plant. We are enhancing our shape vinyl offering as we expand our residential and commercial distribution and increase our share in the home center channel. This year we will continue elevating capital investments in this segment to enhance our product innovation, capacity, and productivity. We anticipate increased sales and marketing investments to utilize the capacity we are building in LVT, laminate, and engineered wood. During the quarter, sales in our flooring rest of the world segment increased 14% with adjusted operating margins rising to 17%, an 80 basis point improvement over the prior year, excluding restructuring costs. Our sales growth was led by LVT laminate and insulation products. Both our sheet vinyl and wood sales were hampered by prior manufacturing disruptions, which we have overcome. Our segment margins increased due to higher volume and productivity, the success of our new introductions, and price increases, which offset inflation and currency. Our LVT sales growth remains constrained by capacity limitations to maximize production, weve implemented numerous operational improvements that increased our throughput and reduced our manufacturing costs. In the short term we are expanding the sales of source products to meet the increasing demand for our brand. Increased production capacity and reduced shipments to the U.S. will support our European growth this year. We continue to invest in sales and marketing to expand the distribution of our LVT products in anticipation of our new plant. In laminate, we continue to grow our sales and margins through design and performance innovation. We have the most realistic visuals, the greatest durability, and unique water resistance that differentiate our products. We are introducing new wood collections with unique surfaces and longer, wider planks. We are improving our wood manufacturing and we have begun production of wood veneers to improve our cost position. In vinyl, all of our production is running at capacity and we are replenishing our inventory levels to improve our ongoing sales after the plant disruptions. We are introducing more realistic sheet vinyl designs with sharper detail, brighter colors, and enhanced textures, as well as introducing vinyl rugs. We are initiating the sale of carpet tile products in Europe, which is a market of about 500 million. We are building a plant in Belgium and it should be operational by the end of this year. We are adding sales personnel to specify our LVT, sheet vinyl, and carpet tile to grow our commercial participation in Europe. In addition to the expansion of laminate in Europe and Russia and our new European carpet tile facility, we have approved the construction of a sheet vinyl plant in Russia adjacent to our ceramic facility that will be operational in the middle of 2018. Sheet vinyl is one of the largest flooring categories in Russia and we will leverage our relationships in ceramic and laminate to build our sheet vinyl distribution. During the period, the sales of our insulation products increased significantly and we realigned our management and sales strategies. We are integrating the information systems of our Irish acquisition and increasing prices to offset inflation and currency changes. We continue to enhance our board manufacturing processes and equipment to improve our costs and sales. I will now turn the call over to Frank to review our financial performance for the period and the year.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $2.2 billion, up 7% on a constant days and FX basis for our legacy business. For the full year, legacy sales were $9 billion, which was up 5.5% on a constant basis. All segments increased in the fourth quarter with the strongest performance in our flooring North American segment. In the fourth quarter of 2016 we had one more day compared to 2015. In 2017 we have different days in the U.S. and Europe due to holidays. The overall impact is we will have one half-day less in both the first quarter and the second quarter compared to 2016, and the third and fourth quarters of 2017 will be the same between the years. The legacy gross margin, excluding unusual items, was 32.4%, up 50 basis points. Volume of $33 million and productivity of $24 million where the biggest drivers of that improvement. SG&A was 17.5% of net sales, excluding unusual items, which was a 50 basis point improvement over last year and that is even with sales and marketing investments of $8 million. We expect the SG&A percentage in 2017 to be flat to slightly lower versus 2016 as we continue to invest back into the business. Unusual charges for the quarter were $16 million and primarily came from plant consolidation in the flooring North American segment and acquisition integration activities in the rest of world segment. Operating income, excluding charges, was $321 million, with a margin of 14.7%. The income is up 16% versus last year, even with FX pressure of $5 million and SG&A investments of $8 million. We had total productivity in the quarter of $29 million at operating income level. Interest expense was $8 million and decreased from last year due to the redemption of higher-rate bonds in January 2016 and the introduction of our lower-rate commercial paper program. We expect interest expense to range from $33 million to $36 million in 2017. Other income was $2 million and was favorably impacted by FX. Both 2016 and 2015 include the unwinding of an indemnification receivable recorded in the IBC purchase accounting of $3 million and $11 million, respectively. The income tax rate was 23.6% for the quarter versus 18.7% last year. The tax rate for 2017 for the full year is estimated to be between 26% and 27% and for the first quarter is estimated to be 26% to 26.5%. Earnings per share, excluding charges, was $3.26, an increase of 16%. Turning to the segments; in the global ceramic segment sales of $749 million were up 5% using constant days and FX, as new products and sales and marketing investments drove growth. Our operating income, excluding charges, was $130 million and improved 12% over last year. We had productivity of $10 million, volume of $8 million, and price mix of $5 million that all favorably impacted our results. This was partially offset by inflation of $8 million and SG&A investments of $3 million. In the flooring North American segment, sales are $970 million, up 8.5% using constant days, with all products categories performing well. Operating income, excluding charges of $148 million, improved 17% over last year. Earnings increased from volume of $17 million and productivity of $11 million with price mix of $7 million and SG&A investments of $4 million as headwinds. In the flooring rest of world segment, sales were $463 million. Thats up 7% using constant days in FX for our legacy business, with LVT growth outpacing all of our other categories. Operating income margin excluding charge  operating income, excluding charges, was $80 million, which is up 20% as both volume of $9 million and productivity of $8 million added to our earnings. IP income in this segment for the quarter was flat year-over-year and the full-year income came in at $148 million as we received some delinquent payments from prior years. As a reminder, IP income will drop to $65 million to $70 million in 2017 with a $35 million run rate, annual run rate beginning in June. If we go to the balance sheet, receivables ended up at $1.4 billion with our days sales outstanding increasing up to 58 days, due primarily to changes in channel mix. Inventories ended the quarter at $1.7 billion with our inventory days improving by two days to 110 days as we continue to drive inventory management. Fixed assets were $3.4 billion and included fourth quarter capital expenditures of $211 million and depreciation and amortization of $104 million. For the full year, capital expenditures were $672 million and depreciation and amortization of $409 million. For the year, we had very strong operating cash flow of $1.3 billion and, even with our elevated capital expenditures, we had free cash flow of $655 million. Capital expenditures for 2017 are estimated to be approximately $750 million with D&A at $450 million. We had total long-term debt of $2.5 billion as we continue to improve the balance sheet with our strong cash flow. Moodys upgraded our rating to Baa1 in January as our credit position continues to improve. Our strong balance sheet and liquidity position us well for future growth. Jeff, Ill turn it back over to you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Today Mohawk is in the best position in the Companys history. Mohawk delivered record results in 2016 as our investment strategy to enhance our product innovation, brands, and service continue to benefit our customers and provide the returns we expected. We remain optimistic about 2017 and we made greater internal investments than any time in our history to expand capacity and enter new markets. I would like to clarify the earnings release from last night which has caused some confusion. Excluding acquisitions and intellectual property, our 2017 sales will grow similarly to last year. Including the expected intellectual property decline in 2017, our operating margin for the year will increase slightly. This increase in operating margin includes the impact of $105 million to $110 million of incremental startup expenses and the reduction in intellectual property income. Across the enterprise we are making investments to increase our sales growth. Our ceramic manufacturing is being expanded in all markets. We are broadening our countertop sales in the U.S. and Europe. We are significantly increasing our LVT capacity in the U.S. and Europe and introducing rigid LVT products. Weve entered the outdoor rug and utility mat business and well produce carpet tile in Europe. We are expanding laminate production in the U.S., Europe, and Russia. We are adding engineered wood capacity in the U.S. and constructing a sheet vinyl plant in Russia. Some of these projects will require several years to fully develop our distribution and optimize our efficiencies. Over a five-year period, these internal expansions typically provide a greater return on investment than the acquisitions we execute. In January, we entered into an agreement to acquire a ceramic company in Italy located near our existing facilities. It is expected to close in the second quarter and will expand our presence in the European market. The business had 2016 sales of approximately $160 million and an EBITDA margin of about 19%. Product sales and manufacturing synergies will enhance our cost position and strengthen our combined brand and distribution. We believe there is further opportunity consolidate the European ceramic market and grow our market position. Even with the considerable investments we have made since 2013, our financial leverage is historically low at 1.4 times EBITDA. We believe there are potential acquisitions in our current market and product categories, as well as opportunities in new geographies and complementary products. As we increase the international scope of our business, volatility and foreign exchange markets could impact the translation of our future results. Taking all this into account, our EPS guidance for the first quarter of 2017 is $2.64 to $2.73. This represents an 11% to 15% increase over our first quarter 2016. Mohawks organization creates an environment that allows us to respond rapidly to market changes and execute multiple investments at the same time. Presently, about 70% of our business is in the United States, where one out of every four flooring purchases is a Mohawk product. This year we are investing more than any time in our history to internally grow our business with much of the benefit coming in future years. Today our organization and balance sheet can support significant additional investments to expand our business and enhance shareholder value. We will now be glad to take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Bob Wetenhall: Hey, good morning and nice finish to a very strong year. I was hoping you could shed a little bit of light. I know there was some confusion around the press release. If you are saying about 2017 revenue growth and I understand correctly, if you adjust up on a constant exchange rate basis and strip out the acquisitions, are you talking full-year revenue growth in the range of 5% to 6%? Is that the right kind of target?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes, that is a reasonable estimate.
Bob Wetenhall: Okay. And, Jeff, you had said that total headwinds between startup costs for the new plants that are coming online and the loss of income from the IP will kind of be in the range of $100 million to $110 million. And thats a lot of headwind in terms of lost operating income to incur. You also said that you anticipate that operating margins are going to rise. I was hoping you could step me through how, even though you are facing a pretty big $100 million headwind, how you are still going to grow operating income.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, it all starts with the growth rate which you started out with of the business, which is going to help the top line. We have a huge number of new projects; at the same time were going to get some incremental improvements in all our businesses from the $670 million we invested last year. It will start giving us more productivity, as well as improving the top line, as well as giving us some product differentiation and other features to help. All of these things combined are helping us overcome the $100 million to $110 million of operating income that we are losing.
Bob Wetenhall: Could you dig in a little bit deeper on the specifics of that? Is it just productivity improvements from what youve already spent in the business or is it operating leverage given mid single-digit sales growth or is it price versus commodity management? What are the levers specifically that you see giving you operating margin expansion to overcome this headwind in 2017?
Frank Boykin: Bob, its a lot of different moving parts. Its going to be the higher volume allowing us to better leverage our fixed cost. Its going to the productivity that Jeff talked about that is going to be even greater in 2017 than in 2016. And if you look in different parts of our business, you get different factors driving it. For example, we are continuing to see margin improvement in our European ceramic business as they are completing the last phase of their equipment upgrade. And so if you look across all the different parts of the business where we are adding and upgrading equipment, we are going to continue to see margin improvement as a result of that.
Bob Wetenhall: And just one final, then I will turn it over. If we had to think about the magnitude of margin improvement, would somewhere between zero and 50 basis points be the right way to think about the size of margin improvement? You had 150 basis point uptick this year, which is fantastic. Thats a very tough pace to sustain going forward. Is the right level of growth in operating margin somewhere between zero and 50 basis points in 2017?
Frank Boykin: Listen, you sort of need to think about that. Take the incremental costs we talked about of over $100 million, thats more than 1% by itself, and then we said we would have a slightly improvement over that. So if you strip that out its somewhere over 1%. The question of how much more, you will have to make your own estimate.
Bob Wetenhall: Good, congratulations on a very good year. Good luck.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh with Stifel. Your line is open.
John Baugh: Thank you for taking my questions and congrats on a great year. Quickly on LVT, could you discuss pricing trends there? Im interested in the rigid movement we see, the rigid cores. Is that something that hurts the competition, helps Mohawk? How are you positioned to manufacture that product, number one? Number two, is that not a commodity product where you could maybe hope to get a little more margin or is there a lot of competition already there as well? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: LVT is progressing as we had anticipated two years ago as we starting to getting ready to get in this stuff. As you put  as the market matures you expect it to get more competitive  and it is  and the pricing are getting more competitive, as expected. And while thats going on, our manufacturing costs are improving as we do it. At the same time, we are putting in strategies to improve our plant and what we do and bring more product innovation to the marketplace. The rigid product has been in the market for a while and it has ended up at the premium end of the marketplace. The biggest reason for it is the rigid product will cover up more subfloor irregularities. So you dont have to fix the floors underneath as well, but you have to pay a premium for it. Presently, we are introducing those products as sourced products in the marketplace, along with everybody else. And when we get more capacity at the end of this year going into next year, we will be able to produce that and bring more product innovation and use our brands in marketing and distribution to optimize our position in it.
John Baugh: Thanks. Then if I could pivot to your carpet tile announcement in Europe. Any timing there as to when we see that production? What is sort of the initial capacity plan for that plant? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Its going to take most of this year to get the plant up and operating, so it will be next year. We are introducing products into the marketplace out of the United States; shipping over there, paving the way for it. We are putting in salespeople in Europe to sell it, but one of the reasons for doing it now, with the sheet vinyl we have going into the commercial, we have LVT that can go into commercial, the carpet tile now fits into a broader strategy of becoming a much bigger commercial player in the European market as we go through. We also think that we can bring to the marketplace in carpet tile technology, fiber, and innovation that we think we have in the United States that we can bring over there. And we think that we can offer new options and choices to the marketplace. In addition, the management team that we got in IVC, there is knowledge from prior days of running in both the business in Europe in the carpet business. So we have a management team that knows, that understands the local marketplace and were going to supplement it by adding people as well as from our U.S. knowledge, so we think we are well-positioned to get into it. It will take a while to push the distribution, because when you get into more specified parts of the marketplace it takes a while to develop the relationships and people. We think its a good thing to do. In addition, just as a directional strategy, we think, like this, there are more places where we can bring in knowledge and technology in greenfield plants and put them in like we said before in sheet vinyl. And we are looking for other opportunities to do that on a continuous basis.
John Baugh: Thank you for that color and good luck.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Just question on Europe in general. If you could just talk about the market climate heading into the year in Western Europe and contrast that with what you are seeing in Russia as you begin the year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Its hard to talk about Europe as one thing, but I will attempt it. It feels a little better in general. The GDP is increasing a little more. It feels better and we see some opportunities of it improving, but again you have to take each region by where it is. On the other side, Russia has been in a huge recession for about two years now I think, could be more, and we believe its hitting a bottom. The GDP looks like its going to be flat and start turning up by most peoples estimates. In that environment, we have a significant position in ceramic and in laminate with our manufacturing base there. All of those businesses are sold up completely. We are putting expansions in both this year in order  as the marketplace turns up, which it will, we have to have more capacity to participate in it and we are in a stronger position coming out of the recession than we were going in.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Second question was in carpet. Theres been some more noise of raw material, potential raw material inflation coming in the spring here or late winter. Can you give any comments on that; if you will be facing more inflation in carpet inputs?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We started out using the best knowledge we had in the fourth quarter deciding what it would take to cover the raw materials. We put in a 3% to 5% increase, which is going in now. There is increases that look like they are going up more. We are not sure if they are temporary or permanent. We will have to evaluate what is going to happen and if we need more price increases we will announce them.
Keith Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Its Jason in for Mike. First question on the $45 million in startup costs that you highlighted. Just wanted to get a sense as to what the quarterly progression of those costs will look like, if its weighted any more heavily to any particular quarter. And then as you look into 2018 as we think about startup costs, should they come down from the type of level that you are seeing this year or should it stay pretty similar? Then I guess more broadly, as these plants ramp up, how much additional revenue would you expect to be driven by the plants where you are currently getting  incurring these costs.
Frank Boykin: Okay. Yes, let me address the first part of that and I will give it to Jeff for the hard part. In terms of the $45 million of startup costs that we said we think we are going to incur this year, the first thing I would say is its an estimate and that it can move around from month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter, depending on how quickly or how slowly some of these plants come up. But right now, our best guess is that we are going to see  its going to be more heavily weighted towards the second half of the year than the first half. We will have costs in every one of the quarters, but just looking at it overall for the full year we see more of it in the second half.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Just as an instance of that in my review to begin with, we are taking an entire plant that makes high-end commercial through-body tile in Europe and we are shutting it down to replace all the equipment in the first quarter. So all those costs are going to show up in the first quarter; as we start it up, its going to hit the second quarter. All these investments are going to come through at different times and the costs are going to be there as we come out of it. The best returns we get on anything we do are these investments when they come up and work as we expect, but theyre different than acquisitions. Youre not paying for the people and the existing cash flows that are in the business, so it gives us the best returns of anything we can do. However, you do have these startup costs at the front end, which are negative. But if you look at it over a five-year period, which is once they get up and operating, its a really much better investment. Looking forward to next year, some of this stuff will still have startup costs going into next year because, as you heard, theres a lot of it that wont be coming up until late in the year. And so there will be more coming into next year. The question next year is the total cost of this $45 million. Now next year depends on our perception of the marketplace and do we keep putting more in. If we stopped all of it, the $45 million would disappear, but Im hoping to keep growing more.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then next question, just going back to cost inflation. I think youve highlighted several price increases across the business to offset this and higher energy costs as well. So wanted to get a sense as you look across the business for 2017 overall if you have an estimate as to what you expect total cost inflation to be relative to 2016.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I would have to be a soothsayer to give that one. We are raising prices where we have seen it. Theres raw material inflation, theres labor inflation, theres currency changes between things moving between different currencies and were doing the right things to cover it. We just have to adjust as it changes and we will see how it goes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Eisner with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Sam Eisner: Yes. Thanks very much and good morning, everyone.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Frank Boykin: Good morning.
Sam Eisner: So I just wanted to discuss ceramic was a little bit lighter than our expectations. For the print, obviously we recognize there is a bunch of things going on in that segment. Can you maybe discuss mix as it relates to that segment? Where there any trends that you saw that might have constrained the profitability there? And then, ultimately, how are you thinking about mix looking out to 2017?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let me say that some of the pricing differences in the North American market [indiscernible] others. Theres channel mix that changes and right now the new construction builder markets are increasing faster than the remodeling, which tends to have higher margins and more differentiation in them. So the channel mix is impacting it. From our standpoint though, I have to tell you, we are in line with where we thought we would be. We continue to bring out new product and innovation, and we continue to find ways to improve our costs. Were bringing up new plants, the new plant in Tennessee. I mean we put up a brand-new plant in a new geography with nobody who knew anything and its up and running. And we think in less than six months from zero, we will be operating almost at the same efficiency level as plants weve had for 20 years. So I mean we are really doing a lot of good things in it. We are investing in everywhere we are to put in new capacity and we think we are going along as we would like.
Sam Eisner: Thats helpful. Then, Jeff, maybe given your commentary about similar levels of organic growth into 2017, if you can perhaps maybe walk around the world or talk about it on a segment basis how you are thinking about those respective businesses to kind of get to your blended, lets say, roughly 5%, 6%-ish type organic growth?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, theres so many parts and pieces its really hard because each one is different and different  you have the geographies, which the U.S. economy is doing the best of all of them. In Mexico, the Mexican ceramic flooring business has been growing dramatically the last two or three years so its actually been growing at a higher rate than the rest of the world. Each of the product categories you have  so LVT in all marketplaces is in the infancy and is growing. Its probably, if I had to guess, in about the third or fourth inning of whats going on. So we expect to see multiple years going ahead and weve been investing heavily. When we get through putting in all the capacity that we have going on and get it operating, we will have over $1 billion of capacity in LVT in what we believe to be the most modern and the largest plants in the world as we go through. So we are well-positioned in the new product category within it. In ceramic, we have been limited by most of the marketplaces. We are selling almost all the capacity, so most of the improvements are coming through improvements in pieces, but also putting in new capacity. We continue to try to drive up the style and design and differentiation in all the product categories and we think that we are  in each of the categories we are bringing a lot of innovation to all the markets, which is helping us. Were in good position everywhere we are. The really  the most  from a business position, being at the size we are at, is growing at the rates Im trying to grow the earnings over time, which is really forcing me to continue to look for these opportunities and finance all of these new things were doing internally, as well as continue to look for new acquisitions that meet our long-term goals. We are staying disciplined and theres always new opportunities and we want to use the money to optimize the long-term profitability and shareholder return. We think were doing the right things for the right reason and were not going to let the money drive our decisions.
Sam Eisner: Thats helpful. Maybe if I could just sneak one more here. Frank, the impact of the plant shutdown in Europe in the ceramic segment, is there a way to quantify how much that will be a drag on the first-quarter results? Thanks.
Frank Boykin: Yes, there is a way to quantify it, but thats not something we are prepared to disclose. We have built that all into our forward-looking estimates.
Sam Eisner: Got it, understood. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl with Barclays. Your line is open.
Mike Dahl: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Wanted to start with a question around the ceramic acquisition and so it sounds like mill ceramic has relatively similar margin profile as your existing business, but I was curious if you could just give us a little more color on the strategic rationale and what made this a good fit. What do they do differently than you and where can you kind of leverage your expertise to help drive additional business or margin opportunity for them?
Jeff Lorberbaum: First of all, the business is focused on the mid to higher segments of the marketplace, similar to ours. The location of the business is like an almost across the street, so theres a lot of opportunities to utilize the knowledge between the businesses as we go through. Their distribution is much more limited than ours and their product offering is much more limited than ours. We think that we can improve both and give them a broader product line and increase the distribution of it through the marketplace. They have relationships that we dont have, which will allow us to push products into those groups that we havent done before. We think that there is opportunities to utilize the assets over time and reduce the complexity of individual assets across the business by specializing them more, making them part of a bigger piece as we go through. Every acquisition that we buy we learn something from. They have good style and design in the business. We think we can add their capabilities to ours and improve it. And like everything else, we are prepared to invest in their assets and their business to improve it. So its the same thing weve done about, I think, 35 times and were going to do it another 35 times.
Mike Dahl: Great, thanks. And then sticking with ceramic, but shifting over to Mexico and the capacity there; I think you made a comment that part of the reason for expanding the capacity and staffing up sales a bit more is to start exporting to Central and South America. Can you provide us any sort of color on sizing up that market opportunity and how you see that playing out over the next couple of years?
Frank Boykin: I think its two separate pieces. One is we are putting in a significant amount of capacity to Mexico. Within that one, we are going to first try to utilize it in the Mexican marketplace. At the same time, were going to put salespeople into the South American market to start developing new accounts and new business down there. And then long-term, the question is, is there a way to enter the marketplace and build a larger presence in Central and South America than we have? I think that would be a good thing over time.
Mike Dahl: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Rednor with Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Scott Rednor: Hi, good morning, thanks for squeezing me in. Jeff, if you look at any of the flooring stats this year, growth is going be around 2% to 3%, plus or minus. And you guys are growing 6% or double that and you are guiding to a similar level next year. So can you maybe just give us some color on why you think you are growing faster than the market and how long that can continue?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Sure. I think that our growth rate is probably close to 4% for this year, but Im not sure exactly  3% to 4% we think, for the market is it. Listen, I mean I dont know anybody in the industry thats investing like we are. And we are investing in product  in equipment to increase the piece. We are investing in ways of differentiating the products. We are investing in differentiation and new products. We are investing in sales and marketing to help our customers sell them through better. We have an infrastructure second to none and I think that all thats helping us. At the same time, there are growth areas and growth areas like LVT. We put money in to grow our LVT business and the acquisition that we bought a couple years ago put us in a different spot that everybody else. And then we are investing in it at really high rates to expand everything. In the U.S. and Europe we are building new plants. Were putting a new sheet vinyl plant in Russia; just using that as a foundation to step off of. So I dont believe there is a more aggressive company. I dont believe that any other companies have the organization and infrastructure that we have to drive it. Its basically repeating the same thing  weve learned the lessons over the last 20 years  and driving it. Then the balance sheet we have to allow us to do that at the costs we are doing; our average interest costs today are somewhere around 1.5%. So not only do we have the ability to get it, we have low cost of credit which are also helping us. I wouldnt trade my position with anybody in the world today.
Scott Rednor: Fair enough. And then one other one. Recognizing theres a lot of variability, but just  obviously theres discussion about border tax and if there were to be some kind of adjustment. Maybe you guys could just frame how investors could think about that. Do you view it as a risk? Im sure you guys are thinking about it internally as well.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, everything is a risk. But when you look at it, if there are tariffs on imports, we primarily manufacture our U.S. products in the United States and we have the largest capacity in all the categories of anybody. So if its going to be advantaged to being a local producer, we are in a position to take advantage of it better than anybody else. We have the capability of expanding our businesses and capacity, if it makes sense; if the market changes and imports are less advantageous to be here. And we have the people in order to execute it. So if its advantageous to do more here, we are first in line to do it.
Scott Rednor: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
David MacGregor: Yes. Congratulations on all the progress. Can you talk about your labor situation in the U.S.? With an expanding manufacturing footprint, are you feeling a tightness in labor availability? And if so, to what extent will that be potential margin headwind over the next couple years? I realize you are investing pretty aggressively in kind of advanced manufacturing technologies. Is that what saves you here or  can you just talk about potential risk to the margin story on labor?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The increase in labor  presently labor rates is somewhere approximately 3% a year and I dont know whether its going to increase or not. It was a little less during the downturn, but it has remained somewhere around there. As labor gets tighter, you have more turnover in the workforce so theres more training costs and things going in. We think that we have built the organization so we become one of the preferred people that  companies that people want to work for as we go through. On the other hand, we are investing in automation every place that we can find it to minimize the requirement for labor as we go through. And we think we are well-positioned to handle whatever comes up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Lovallo: Hey, guys thanks for fitting me in here. I guess the first question is what were the startup costs in 2016, if any? In other words, the $45 million that you guys are expecting in 2017, how much of that is incremental? And then how should we think about that in terms of the segments, the mix in the segments?
Frank Boykin: It was $21 million in 2016 and I have to get back to you on how it is allocated among the three segments.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The incremental piece will be the difference between that and the $45 million. The $45 million is not an exact number, gentlemen. Theres a huge number of variables and pieces, but its our best guess and some of that is being spent on increasing the sales and marketing to drive the volume to fill up those plants. All that expense comes in front of the sales and revenues.
John Lovallo: Got it. Then when we think about these, just the raw material basket for carpet, how much of the raw materials are influenced by the price of oil? What percentage?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We use different raw materials; theres different influences in them. The higher-end raw materials, the higher-end products tend to have more up-and-down related to oil. In ours we are using recycled soda bottles in the polyester pieces on the other and so  but even with that, when the alternatives go up and down, the bottles tend to follow the prices up and down. So even though they are not directly, its got to do with the relationships between them. But in addition to oil, theres also gas and then you also have the intermediate capacity between it is as much influence in the short term. So you get tightness of capacity in some of the chemical processes and the prices can go up dramatically. But then the question is how long they stay or not is dependent upon the supply and demand of it and we have to manage within those things.
John Lovallo: Okay, great. Then quickly, Frank, did you give  I may have missed this, but  a corporate expense estimate for 2017?
Frank Boykin: It should be in line with the number that we had for 2016.
John Lovallo: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group. Your line is open.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions today. For the North American carpet business, just a follow-up from earlier question. You noted some drag from mix in the quarter. Could you give us a better sense of how much of that breakout is from poly versus gaining share in big box in 2016?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We dont break it out those details, but there is a mix change and there is the move to polyester. And then you still have left  you still have the industry passed through the declining raw materials during last year and so as the materials declined, the average prices in the industry went down, which lowered the average prices, which also necessitating the increase in prices that we are doing now. If we were smarter, we wouldnt have done that.
Kathryn Thompson: Understood, understood. Not to beat the dead horse with the estimated $45 million for startup in 2017, but maybe thinking about it differently in terms of just the physical plant versus all the other. Are you able to break out in rough percentages how much of that $45 million is just physical plant in your estimation versus all the other type of startup?
Frank Boykin: We do have it, not here in front of me, but there are estimates of everything. What the startup costs are  we start with the physical building of the plant and the machinery. Now all those costs get capitalized until you turn the machine on and turn it over to the manufacturing group to utilize it. So all the costs related to building it go into  get capitalized in the equipment. Now once you give it to the manufacturing group and say produce product on it, all the expenses of underutilization of the equipment, product yields that arent what you want, fixing things that happened, training labor as you go through, all those costs are in startup. As well as some of the things we put in, is also is we put on salespeople to sell it. We have to start selling it before the sales come up so we have sales and investments in samples that all go into the piece and orders so that you can utilize the thing as quickly as possible. Now once it ramps up to a certain point, all those disappear and you breakeven. Then when you move it on up you start making significant returns on your investment.
Kathryn Thompson: Understood. I will follow-up on that after the call. Final question for your European carpet tile expansion. I assume as you are approaching to enter that market, just your softening the bottom. Are you already selling some product as you soften the market in advance of opening that plant?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We are starting right now introducing carpet tile manufactured in the United States and selling it over there in order to get prepared for the plant being up and running maybe the end of this year, so for next year. Then switching those sales into locally produced products.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Stephen East: Thank you. Good morning, Jeff and Frank. Jeff, early on in your prepared remarks you talk about how much CapEx you are spending and it will drive about $1.4 billion in revenues or so over the next several years. Thats a huge number, but then when I look at where you are starting from, if you do it over the next three or four years, its about a 15% increase from where you are today. So it almost  its almost as if you are keeping pace with the market. And I know that is distinctly not in your DNA to keep pace with the market, so am I thinking about this incorrectly or? Can you help me out here that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You start out with first you have to assume theres some excess capacity in what I have, so thats in addition to it.
Stephen East: Okay.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Then you have to add that. And then the question is how long does it take to fill it up? My goal is to fill it up as soon as possible and we will have to see how long it takes.
Stephen East: All right, fair enough.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Then one more, youre also assuming that it stops. Youre taking it and saying this is all we are going to do. If the industry and the world looks good, were going to keep adding more capacity going forward. So its not the end, its just the intermediate step.
Stephen East: And that was my follow-on question. As you look at $670 million, $750 million, is this sort of the new world order for you all on CapEx?
Jeff Lorberbaum: That depends how much growth we can create and how many ideas we can come up with and how much the market will allow us to sustain. And then its also going to be dependent on what alternatives we find for acquisitions and how those work.
Stephen East: Fair enough.
Jeff Lorberbaum: But listen, this amount of investment is not to maintain the business as it is.
Stephen East: Yes, got you, okay. Then as you looked at your North American sales you made the comment that commercial was stronger than residential. And as I think about the mix more broadly, with new construction up 10% to 12% or so and R&R seeming to be up mid single-digits, I guess it surprised me a little bit that commercial continues to run ahead of residential. Could you just talk about what you think is going on with you all there and why commercial continues to run like it is?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Remember in our commercial business you also have  LVT is also being sold in commercial, so thats helping. My ceramic business is there, so I think were doing better than the market is on an average. At the same time, weve been driving carpet innovation in carpet tiles. Our carpet tile we think we are doing better than everyone else. Listen, my goal isnt to do what everyone else does.
Stephen East: All right. And then one last quick one. You said productivity improvements above 216. Are we talking just minimally above? Are we talking significant changes? How should we think about it?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, the reason we are giving you as much information  given the drop off in IP, we are really giving you a much more forward view than we have and I think people look at the productivity and they say that was last year and its going to go down. What youre telling you is all these investments in equipment, process innovation, and methodology our expectation is for next year to continue up. I mean these are high rates that we are doing and we think theyre going to continue this year, even better.
Stephen East: Thank you, I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Sam Darkatsh: Hey, Jeff, Frank, how are you? Hope you well. Just a couple of clarification questions, if I could, piggybacking a little bit on Stephen Easts topic there around productivity. I think, Frank, if my math is right, I think you all spent of the $670 million in CapEx in 2016, I think you spent about $180 million to $200 million specific to productivity. What does that number look like, ballpark, within the $750 million in CapEx in 2017? And are you still looking at a three- to five-year payback on productivity efforts as it stands right now?
Frank Boykin: Yes. I dont have that number in front of me, Sam.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, we give you a few more numbers, they wont need you.
Sam Darkatsh: Fair point. Although, arguably, they already dont need me, but thats okay. Then the last question, if I could, are you anticipating that price increase efforts or price hike efforts are going to fully offset raw material inflation or is there some sort of a negative/positive ARB that is expected here in 2017?
Frank Boykin: Our goal is to try to offset them, but depending on the volatility and what happens  we see what happens, but thats our goal.
Sam Darkatsh: Okay, very good. Have a terrific weekend, thank you.
Frank Boykin: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research Company. Your line is open.
Eric Bosshard: Good morning. A clarification and then a question. The clarification is the acquisition which looks likes its maybe $25 million of EBIT, thats not in the guidance; thats correct?
Frank Boykin: You have that correct.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. And then, on the business, the two things Im curious on. One is the price and mix trends you are seeing  specifically in carpet and in tile, what you are seeing going on with price receptivity on price increases in mix. And then, secondly, the 7% growth. It sounds like you didnt have a great start to the quarter and so if you could just give us some thoughts about the strength of the quarter and what was driving that and then the sustainability of that.
Frank Boykin: Lets I will start with the last one and we will work our way back. I dont know if its right or not; I think that the election when it started and all the attention on it, what was going on, I think it impacted peoples confidence in what was happening. Once the election was over it appeared that people started spending a little more and the confidence improved. The mix in carpet is  as the raw materials declined starting about the year before in 2015, the industry started reducing prices and passing it through. And that continued all the way through the year. Then the same thing happened with  as that was happening, you still had the continuous increase in polyester, which was substituting for higher-value nylon products and so that also impacted the mix. Then the channel mix between the builder business being better than the remodeling business, all those things influence the mix. Now at the same time, we are taking actions to try to improve our position through improved product innovation, introducing new products that are different, to upgrade our sales with it, which is helping. We talked about new introductions to continue it going through the year, of introducing newer softer carpets, of introducing newer type of carpets and backing, of expanding our Karastan higher end. So we are trying to have a better mix in the industry as a whole in all the product categories and its coming from significant investments, both in equipment as well as people and innovative ideas. We are doing things and taking some risks. When you do new things on the outer edge, they dont all pay off, but you have to do a number of them to find ones that really work well and I think that we are spending more money in doing those things and bringing more to the marketplace than anybody else.
Eric Bosshard: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Roe Equity Research. Your line is open.
Laura Champine: Good afternoon. Wondering just quickly approximately what percentage of Mohawk sales are  come from products that are made in Mexico and sold in the U.S. and how is that changing.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Its a small percentage. Basically, whats coming from Mexico is we are sending some ceramic from Mexico into the United States. As our Mexican business has grown, we have used the capacity down in Mexico. The new plant that came up in the United States that provided more supply here and weve even put more of it down there, so its getting to be a smaller and smaller portion as we go through. The Mexican market has been growing rapidly, so its a limited portion of the whole business. Now just to remind you, almost 50% of the U.S. ceramic comes from somewhere else in the world. We have, by far, the most capacity in the United States. And any changes it may hurt us a little bit, but its going to hurt the rest of the industry dramatically more than we are and create great opportunities for us.
Laura Champine: Got it. And then youve obviously been spending an elevated level of CapEx this year and last year. Where do you think long-term CapEx spending should be approximately as a percentage of sales?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It depends on our ability to keep growing. When I look at my use of capital, if I could find ideas to spend all my capital on new projects and new businesses internally done, I would spend it because  You guys tend to focus short term. And in the first year to two years I may have a negative impact on my earnings in those years from all these startups and pieces you go through, but in years two, three, four, five the impact is dramatically much better. So anything that my organization can come up with to grow the business to go into new markets to try new things internally, Im supporting them and I will continue to.
Laura Champine: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes form the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Stephen Kim: Okay. Thanks very much, guys. Obviously strong quarter. I wanted to drill a little bit more into this  the growth CapEx driving potentially $1.4 billion in product sales and whats sort of in that. I guess basically as we think about the sales, eventual sales ramp up for those assets, Im trying to get a sense for  by the time you, lets say, exit 2018 would it be a reasonable assumption that maybe two-thirds or so of that $1.4 billion we might be actually witnessing that on the sales line. Is there  can you give us a sense for like how that might be spread by segment? Will it be pretty evenly across the segment or is one sticking out in your mind as getting a bigger share of that increase?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I cant answer the question you have. If you think through the list of things I gave you that we were doing and thats only the really big ones. Theres a bunch more underneath those that are smaller as you go through. Now each one of them is different. Where we go into I will take extremes. We are going to go into the sheet vinyl business in Russia. Thats going to ramp up slower because we dont have a big base and were going to have to ramp it up over time versus if I put a ceramic piece in Mexico, where the market is growing rapidly my market share is growing rapidly, that one will ramp up very quickly. And there is everywhere between those two extremes.
Stephen Kim: Got it. Then just to clarify the amount. I know that when you were talking earlier you were  we were talking about the opportunities for growth beyond the $1.4 billion, because obviously youve got capacity and things like that that youve already got still to load. I will was also thinking about price. I know that price mix and just price in general is something that also is happening in the business and sort of mix shift to higher-priced products, particularly in ceramic, weve seen. Is there any price growth assumed in that $1.4 billion? Should we generally be thinking that price and positive price mix should be incremental to that $1.4 billion?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We just took in the $1.4 billion we just assumed that we would utilize the capacity at approximately the same mix that we are running today. Its a rough estimate of what that would be. There is a million variables that will impact it before you get there and use it. You take things like LVT. As the LVT market matures, we have built in our assumptions a decreasing price over time. Now it may decrease more than we think or it may decrease less. Who knows?
Stephen Kim: Yes. Then shifting gears here in the North American flooring business, one of the things youve talked a little bit about was your recycling program. My understanding is that is something that has been going very well for you and, if anything, youve been expanding that. But you are already recycling a pretty large share of the bottles in this country and I was curious as to whether you think theres any risk to your ability to expand this program as you go forward.
Frank Boykin: Well, lets see. We are installing now another increment to increase and we believe that we can get the material to supply it. So we are putting an increment in and it will be operating by the second quarter, I believe is it. At all points in time, in that piece just like others, there is users that are being added and theres also users that fall out. People dont have economic ways of using it as they go through. Its not all one way. There are people whose economics are bad. They come in and out. Theres also parts of it that are shipped overseas. Theres also different grades of bottles that can come through and use. The bottles have to trade over longer periods of time at some economic value that doesnt cost more than virgin or else youre better off doing something else without the investments. Now they tend to trade up and down, and as the market changes over time, I still think they are only gathering about 35%, 40% of all the bottles used in the country. So the question is as the demand increases you think theres ways to get some portion of the rest?
Stephen Kim: Okay. Then you made a comment there about the comparability of the raw material that you get from your recycled program versus virgin. One of the things that I had heard and I was curious as whether you could confirm or deny it, but the product  the raw material embedded in the plastic bottles as technology has changed has actually improved. So the quality is actually today from a recycled bottle, the polyethylene that comes out of that, is actually a higher quality than what you would get in virgin. That perhaps there are ways to utilize that. Is that  am I my thinking about that correctly?
Jeff Lorberbaum: They have to use more expensive raw materials to make bottles than you do to make carpet fibers. So when we start with that we are starting with a higher quality resin than is typically used in it, but theres all kinds of other variables in it. We think that we bring to the marketplace a recycled story. We think that we bring innovation in the products and we think that the marketing avenue of being able to say that you are helping the environment, consumers like that. So we think its a good thing to do.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Lorberbaum, Ill turn the call back over to you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We appreciate everyone joining us. We had an excellent year and were going to try to duplicate it again. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank Boykin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Finance Jeff Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Bob Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets Stephen Kim - Evercore ISI Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Stephen East - Wells Fargo Scott Rednor - Zelman & Associates Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group John Baugh - Stifel Tim Wojs - Baird James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners John Lovallo - Bank of America Keith Hughes - SunTrust Susan Maklari - UBS Laura Champine - Roe Equity Research Brandon Rolle - Longbow Research Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James
Operator: My name is Heidi and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answers period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, November 4, 2016. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Heidi. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today, we'll update you on the Company's results for the third quarter of 2016 and provide guidance for the fourth quarter. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. In the third quarter, our growth strengthened and our margins continued to expand. Our earnings per share for the period were $3.62, a 25% increase over the prior year or $3.50 per share excluding unusual items, an increase of 17% and an all-time record for the Company. Our strategy of investing in our existing businesses as well as synergistic acquisitions continues to deliver record results. For the period, our operating margin excluding unusual charges and 160 basis points to an all-time high of 16% as a result of higher volume and productivity. Our revenues as reported for the second quarter were 2.3 billion, an increase of 9% on a constant days and exchange rate basis. Our organization continues to create new products with greater value to the consumer to introduce unique ideas that enhance our processes and to invest and technology and equipment that improve our cost, quality and service. The four acquisitions we completed in 2015 contributed to our results as we enhance their performance by upgrading their offerings, expanding their distribution and improving their productivity. As expected, excluding unusual charges, our SG&A costs as a percentage of sales improved 60 basis points, as our investment and sales personnel marketing and merchandising increased our sales and mix. In many of our product categories and geographies, our operations are running at or near capacity. These include all of our Global Ceramic, laminate, and sheet vinyl asset. Additionally, we are currently selling all of our LVT we are manufacturing even as we continue to increase our production capacity in the U.S. and Europe. To meet our growing customer demand, our capital investments this year will be the highest in our history as we invest almost $650 million in additional capacity, more efficient assets and new products. Our strong results have increased our cash flow, enabling the expansion of our capacities and the pursuit of attractive opportunities. We continue to explore potential acquisitions from around the globe that complement our business and expand our geographic reach or product categories. In late October, Moody's noted that the U.S. consumer spending is growing at a healthy pace through the job creation and wage growth, higher disposable income, strong consumer credit and pent up demand to replace aging goods. The National Association of Homebuilders affirmed that single-family housing demand should continue moving forward in the months ahead and that remodelers nationwide are seeing increased demand. Harvard's LIRA index likewise projects strong gains in home renovation to continue into next year with activity stimulated by rising home values and tightening existing home inventories. The October Architectural Billing Index pulled back slightly although AIA expect commercial development to rebound after the Presidential Election. The European Central Bank remains committed to keeping interest rate at historic lows and buying bonds through at least March of 2017. Although, Russia remains in a recession, economists believe the economic slowdown is nearing a bottom. I'll now review our third quarter performance by segment. Our Global Ceramic segment sales rose 4% as reported, and 6% on a constant based and FX basis with currency translation in Mexico and Russia negatively impacting our sales as reported by $5 million during the period. Operating income for the segment excluding unusual charges grew 13% over last year due to improvement in volume and productivity. Our North American Ceramic sales trends improved from the second to the third quarter and operating margin expanded over last year. New home construction in the commercial sector outperformed residential remodeling and sales growth through our regional service centers outperformed other channel. The higher average selling prices of our new product introductions were partially offset by pressure on commodity products. Were introducing larger sizes and three-dimensional wall tiles to extend our design leadership. We've been operating at full capacity and supplementing our domestic production with imports from our global assets and other sources. Our new Tennessee plant is fully operational and improving throughput. With the facility state-of-the-art capabilities, we are developing unique styles and larger sizes that will enhance our offering. We continue to upgrade the merchandising in our service centers to broaden our customer base and drive higher sales. New paperless systems and processes in our service centers are increasing our ability to satisfy our customer and increasing our productivity. Sales in Mexico continue to expand faster than the market, which is up more than 10% in volume this year. We are broadening our product offering and distribution and preparation for the expansion of our Salamanca plant, which will be operational in the fall of 2017. Weve reduced the complexity of our U.S. operations as we realigned our plants by product types and increased capacity allocated to the Mexican market. This year hundreds of projects are enhancing productivity at all our facility, reducing the cost of raw materials and improving the service and efficiencies of our logistics network. During the period, we successfully upgraded our ERP system with a well executed implementation. The capabilities of our organization are improving daily and overtime the system will enhance our performance with new functionality. Our European ceramic sales grew significantly in both Western and Eastern Europe from our sales and product strategies focused on local markets and preferences. In Western Europe, our investments in the state-of-the-art equipment have allowed us to bring unique products to market and expand our margins and mix. Our product introduction during the last two years had made us the leader in wood, stone and ceramic visual in large and small formats. We are expanding our participation in the commercial channel by increasing specifications with architects, designers and property managers. We will complete the upgrading of our high-end commercial asset by mid 2017, which will finish the entire overhaul of the Italian operations we acquired in 2013. We are also entering the ceramic slab business and anticipate production of countertops and large ceramic wall coverings by the end of next year. Our Eastern European ceramic business improved as we expanded capacity in Bulgaria and upgraded the style and design of our products. We are shipping products from Bulgaria to the U.S. and Western Europe to grow our business. We are in the process of transitioning our Bulgarian operations to our Italian operating system, and we expect this project to complete in the first quarter of 2017. In Russia, the economy appears to be bottoming out, and our ceramic business there is operating at capacity. During the period, our sales improved on a local basis as we increased our participation in the new construction sector and expanded our distribution through investments in owned and franchise stores. Sales of our new product introduction have reinforced our style leadership and improved our mix and margins. Next year, we will install new capacity to enhance our offering and support additional growth when the Russian market improves. Our Flooring North America segment improved as expected, growing 6% as reported or 7% on an adjusted days basis. Excluding unusual items, the segment's operating margin expanded the 15% from higher volume and productivity as well as lower SG&A as a percentage of sales. During the quarter, both our soft and hard surface flooring increased with hard surface growing faster. Our commercial carpet and rug sales offset softer residential carpet, which was impacted by polyester growth and pressure on commodities. Our premium Karastan brand continues to grow with the expansion of our product offering and increased distribution. The SmartStrand Naturals collection we introduced this year is positioned at the high end of the market, reinforcing our leadership in the premium category. Product innovation continues to drive our business with recent introductions comprising about one third of our carpet sales during the period. Our commercial carpet performance continues to strengthen with all end markets growing. We've expanded our commercial sales force and are increasing our participation in individual projects and large national accounts. We announce our resident and commercial carpet price increase of 3% to 5% effective January to cover increased costs. A new carpet pad plant is being completed to service the Southwest region adjacent to our ceramic plant in Mexico near California. Our rug sales grew during the period as we introduced new fashion forward collections and entered new categories with outdoor rugs and utility mats. Our hard surface sales of laminate, wood, LVT and sheet vinyl continue to grow significantly with expanded margins. Our sales of these products are constrained by our present capacity, which are in various stages of expansion. Our participation in all channels is increasing as result of the investments weve made in sales, marketing and innovative products. Improvement in our LVT production continues to increase our capacity and broaden our product offering. We're adding new capabilities to our LVT manufacturing plant, which will provide new product features next year. Were in the final stages of completing our new engineered wood plant, which will allow us to introduce largest sizes with unique finishes. The expansion of our laminate plant in 2017 will satisfy the increasing demand of our premium collections with superior performance and realistic visuals. Our manufacturing productivity across all product categories continues to positively impact our margin. Innovation in every process is driving cost and quality improvements. Were expanding our tracking fleet across the country to improve our service and cost position. Our Flooring Rest of the World segment performed well during the period, delivering a 15% in sales as reported and a 41% improvement in operating income on a constant currency basis, excluding unusual item. Our legacy basis with constant days and FX sales rose 8%. SG&A as a percent of sales continue to improve during the period. Were increasing prices based on market conditions to offset currency fluctuations. Our European flooring growth was lead by LVT and wood partially offset by lower sheet vinyl sales, due to the disruption of production at our Belgium facility. Our laminate business continues to grow due to the strength of our Quick-Step and Pergo brands in the premium part of the market. Were leveraging the strong performance of our 2016 laminate introductions by expanding designs and sizes we offer. Our European and Russian laminate plants are operating near capacity with expansions planed for Europe at the end of 17 and Russia in 18. Were currently implementing process improvement to incrementally increase throughput and reduce cost. Our wood business continues to expand and was raised prices to offset material increases and currency changes. Our LVT sales are increasing dramatically and our margins are expanding, as the product mix and productivity improve. In the period, our LVT sales were limited by our capacity which has recently been increased. By the end of the year, we will further modify our processes to expand our production even more. In the interim, were supplementing our LVT collections with source products to satisfy customers demand. We began construction of the building for our new LVT line which would be operational at the end of next year. Our sheet vinyl sales during the period were lower as a result of a fire at the end of the second period. The Belgium plant is now fully operational, and we do not anticipate any long-term impact. Our insurance will cover the majority of these costs. We continue to expand our commercial sheet vinyl sale and have announced pricing increases to offset currency changes. Investments weve made to improve our costs of MDF and chipboard are increasing our margins. Our roof panel business remains steady. Sales of our insulation boards continue to grow, although lower material cost and manufacturing improvements are being offset by increased competition and unfavorable exchange rates. Were realizing the anticipated synergies from the integration of our Xtratherm acquisition. I will now turn the call over to Frank, to review our financial performance for the period.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $2.294 billion and grew about 7% both as reported and using constant exchange rates and days for our legacy business. We had one last day in the third quarter, and we will have one more day in the fourth quarter compared to last year. All segments had good growth. As we stated last quarter, our Q2 sales growth was lower than expected and we anticipate that to help the Q3 growth rate. We do not expect to maintain a 7% growth rate going forward. Our gross margin as reported was 31.7% excluding charges, the gross margin was 32.4% up a 100 basis points versus last year driven by growing productivity and higher volume. Our SG&A as reported was $348 million or 15.2% of sales. Excluding charges SG&A was 16.4% of sales, a 60 basis point improvement over last year. Unusual charges this quarter were net benefit of $12 million. This is comprised of a $90 million cash receipt for a legal settlement, partially offset by $48 million non-cash charge for a trade name write-off where weve changed our commercial business, commercial carpet business brand focus, and a $30 million restructuring charge of which approximately half is cash. Our operating margin excluding charges was 16% and is up 160 basis points over last year. Interest expense ended up $9 million and decrease due to the redemption of higher rate bonds in January of this year and the introduction of a lower rate commercial paper program. Other expense as reported was $5 million and includes approximately $3 million of an indemnification receivable recorded last year for our IVC purchase accounting. We have an offsetting tax benefit as a related tax liability was unwound. Our income tax rate was 26.4% for the quarter and that compares to 21.9% last year. We expect our fourth quarter tax rate to range between 23% and 24% and our tax rate for the full year next year in 2017 to range between 26% and 27%. Earnings per share excluding charges were $3.50, up 17% over last year. Return to the segments, in the Global Ceramic segment sales were $822 million or up 4% as reported. They increased 6% on a constant days and exchange rate basis. We had very strong growth both in Europe and in Russia in local currency with North America growth rate improving over the second quarter. Our operating margin excluding charges was 16.6%, that's up a 130 basis points over last year. Contributing to the growth over last year was productivity of $14 million, volume of $6 million and a positive price mix of $7 million, partially offset by $4 million of SG&A investment. In the Flooring North American segment, sales as reported were $1.9 billion, up 6%, or up 7% using constant days, with the hard surface categories outpacing soft surface. In soft surface, both rugs and commercial carpet grew faster than residential carpet. Our operating margin excluding charges was 15.3% thats 140 basis points primarily from productivity of $16 million and volume of 12%. In the Flooring Rest of World segment sales as reported were $464 million are up 15% over last year. Our legacy business was at 8% using constant days and constant exchange rates. Our operating margin excluding charges was 18.4%, up 250 basis points and it was positively impacted by productivity of $10 million and volume of $11 million plus deflation of $7 million. FX negatively impacted operating income by approximately $5 million primarily from the British pound. We are planning to offset the sterling headwind next quarter with price increases. The corporate elimination segment had an operating loss of $10 million, and we expect this to be about a $36 million to $38 million loss for the full year. Jumping to the balance sheet, receivables ended the quarter to $1.506 billion. Our days sales outstanding were up to 56 days compared to 53 days last year, due to change in the channel mix. Inventories ended the quarter $1.673 billion, our inventory days improved by one day to 104days in the quarter. Fixed assets were $3.341 million and included capital expenditures during the quarter of $184 million with depreciation and amortization of $104 million. CapEx for the full year is estimated to be approximately $650 million with depreciation and amortization for the full year of $410 million. Long-term debt was about $3 billion and our leverage debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.6 times. Jeff, Ill turn it back over to you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Today Mohawk is in the best position in the Companys history. This year, we are investing at our highest level ever to meet increasing demand around the globe. We are preparing for future growth by expanding our differentiated product offerings and increasing the capacity and efficiency of our operations. With our continued investment and manufacturing technology, we are introducing distinctive collections to improve our sales and enhance our mix. We aggressively implementing productivity improvements across the enterprise and all facets of our business, and we are bringing new capacity online to support our growth. This year, our strong operating results have expanded our cash flow and reduced our leverage to historically low levels. We are currently exploring numerous investment options to further our expansion, including Greenfield opportunities, and acquisitions to broaden our geographic presence and product portfolio. Taking these factors into account, our EPS guidance for the fourth quarter is $3.16 to $3.25, which represents a 12% to 15% increase over our fourth quarter 2015 EPS excluding any restructuring charges. Ill now be glad to take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Bob Wetenhall: Good morning. What a fantastic quarter. Thanks for all the detail, Jeff. I was hoping you could spend a little bit more time articulating what's going on with capacity. It sounds like you're sold out in a number of markets. And if you could give us a roadmap to think about what your outlook is for capital spending, and the timing and sequence with which new capacity comes to market, that would be helpful.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I gave it to you in the speech. I think I can consolidate it little better. In the Ceramic business, almost all of the various pieces are at capacity. We have just finished installing a new plant in Tennessee. It's up and operating almost at the projected levels already. Weve announced the increase of our plant in Mexico, which is outside Mexico City, its going to -- were going to double the capacity. That will be done in end of next year. Moving to Europe, were placing the balance of the assets that we acquired in a high end part, that are focused more on a high and commercial part of the business. Those should be in place sometime about mid year, I believe. In addition, were putting a new capacity to go on a new product category, which makes ceramic slabs and those can be used for countertops and walls and other pieces as well as floor. We have recently increased the capacity in Bulgaria. There won't be any more in next year; and in Russia, were increasing our capacity next year to prepare for the Russian market to improve, once if we can move around the world -- I'll sort of combined some of these, because they are intertwined. In the laminate business, we're using all our capacity in that US, Europe and Russia presently. We have expansion plans for all three. Some of the equipments going to be off, as it going to take a while to get it in, well expand the U.S. in the fall of next year followed by Europe and then followed by Russia. And it's just the matter of timing of the supplier to get the equipment in. In the wood business, weve been putting in a new engineered wood plant, which we will be starting, which is in the middle of starting up this fall, and engineered wood which is also running in capacity. The LVT businesses, we're running all the capacity we have in the US and in Europe. Both of those are making incremental increase as we speak in each one, and Ill continue to do so probably through the first quarter of next year. Were in the process of adding another production line in both Europe and the US, which will be working at the end of next year. And total combine will have about over a billion dollars of capacity in LVT, as a new category. There are some other smaller things like we just put up a new pad plant in the Western United States, which will fill out our padding strategy across the United States. We have got put in new capacity to make two new types of rugs recently, and were looking for alternatives everywhere. The best investments we can make are the ones in internal investment. They have the highest paybacks and lowest risk. The only negative is some of them would go into new geographies and pieces; you tend to lose money for the first year or so as you are ramping them up and getting enough volume to go through them. If I could identify twice as many, I would spend it.
Bob Wetenhall: It sounds like you're keeping busy. What are your -- and maybe this is for Frank, what is your best guess on a preliminary basis for capital spending in 2017? You're going to maintain the same pace in terms of internal investment opportunities. Is it going to be a $600 million or $700 million number? And I was just hoping you could step outside the quarter and maybe just talk on a bigger-picture basis. It seems like you're getting a lot of margin expansion. Is there any way through gross margin performance or EBITDA you could talk about the margin benefit you're getting between, splitting it between productivity improvements and favorable operating leverage? Im just trying to do a step-through or a walk-through to understand how CapEx can drive productivity enhancement. Thanks and good luck. Great quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks. So, this year as we mentioned, were spending about $650 million in CapEx. It will remain elevated and next year probably more than that, weve not finalized the plant yet, but as a high likelihood it would be more. I think if you look at the CapEx, were spending this year and broke it down into three buckets maintenance, capacity and productivity margin improvement. Maintenance is about 100 million; and then of the balance, this lapped, about two-thirds of spend is going towards capacity; and about a third of spend is going towards margin improvement productivity. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Stephen Kim: Well, thanks very much and let me also add my congratulations. It seems like you guys never run out of things to keep yourself busy with. So, running through all that capacity that you just did, I know in the past you have given us some guide on what you think the combined potential sales that can be supported through this capacity is. But it's a moving target, obviously, because you keep doing more things. So can you give us an updated view on what you think the capacity expansion you've been putting through and by the end of, should be done, I would guess, by 2018, what kind of expansion in sales that can support?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So last time we gave a number, it was between $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion. But Im not sure includes everything that's in the plan going forward. But that's as close as I have at this minute.
Stephen Kim: Okay. But it's going to be higher than that, clearly, in light of everything that's been going on. Okay. My second question is, lots of things I'm sure that will be asked. But just generally speaking, I was curious if you could talk about on the M&A front, how Brexit and maybe even more broadly the overall change in tone, moving against issues of free trade, how that, if at all, has affected the way you think about M&A in Europe versus the U.S..
Jeff Lorberbaum: I dont think, it really impacts the way we look at it. We take each business depending upon geography and we determine what the risk or within that business. Most of our businesses, I think all the businesses. The majority of what we sale is in the local market in the same currencies. So were really look at it and how the markets going to change, but we do across currencies, as well as with small and secondary to the core businesses that were trying. So the biggest questions we have, depends on where you go, is the political environment, the exchange risks, and how those impact the competition as we speak and with required different returns based on the risks levels we do and makes it more difficult to do things in certain markets and others. On the acquisition side, were always looking at acquisitions. We remain disciplined to ensure that you know we are taking a proper risk to getting the returns for it. At this point, our balance sheet in organization really allowed us to pursue multiple opportunities at the same time, if we can find the right one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning, everyone, and congrats on the quarter. First question, Frank, you referenced the 7% organic number in the third quarter and cautioned not to expect that type of a run rate going forward. But just looking at the guidance for the fourth quarter, it would seem that to get to that number you are probably still talking towards or getting at a good, healthy mid-single-digit organic growth rate. Is that correct?
Frank Boykin: No, I think what I said is it not going to be 7% going forward, but I think its going to be more than what we saw in the second quarter. That helps.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. That does. And just also thinking about 2017, also on the top line, obviously referencing all the different types of capacity projects and the amounts that youre spending over the next couple years, thats going to obviously benefit the top line. A lot of the capacity, I believe, that you just outlined before, Jeff looks to be going online lets say the majority of mid 2017. So how should we think about the impact kind of on top of what you call end market growth, what type of incremental impact might we expect the different capacity projects to benefit sales on top of that. Would it be a kind of 1%, 2% number or is it really more of a 2018 event?
Frank Boykin: I mean, there are so many projects at different times, they flow in. I mean like we just finished the ceramic plant in Tennessee, that's running almost wide open already, is it. So, I mean, that's already happening. We have a wood plant thats coming up, by the end of the year, it will be running full. I mean, there is a lot of capacity is coming in all through the period, and its the support that the business I mean the largest we've gotten. In order to support the growth rate, it takes a significant amount of capacity to keep growing at these rates across the business as big as weve gotten. And were committed to keep the growth up.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. One last one if I could, just on the margins, fantastic performance there as well. I think, Frank, youve talked about it in the past youve done 400 basis points consolidated over the last two years or on track to do. Again, with some of the capacity projects coming online, would you expect that to be dilutive at all? Or how should we think about the pace of margin improvement going forward into 2017?
Frank Boykin: Mike, I think margins going into17 and the ceramic North America segment will continue to improve. And as we pull out the IP business out of the Rest of World segment, the margins in that remaining non-IP business will continue to improve as well.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We try to have philosophy, not to go on profit holidays.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research Company. Please go ahead.
Eric Bosshard: Good morning, Jeff. Two things. First of all, inasmuch as you know, curious on your growth rate relative to your end markets' strong growth. Wondering if that's what you observe in the market, or if you believe you're gaining share. Then, secondly, on the strong North America up 7% number, which is the best out of that segment a while, I just would love the little bit more detail of what drove that and where that number should be expected going forward.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I would guess and the U.S. market to the flooring industry is going to grow 3% to 4%. So, it spread across all different pieces, and it depends on which part you're participating in, to do at in each piece is different. My best guess is that will probably what will happen next year at this point, and were hoping to do better than that. What was the second part of the question?
Eric Bosshard: The North America performance in the quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Part of it was the second quarter was a little lower than we expected. Some of it got pushed in there. The other is the ramp up of our LVT sales and here with the new plant coming up, if all the investments we put in sales and marketing and new products all the way of 12 to 18 months. I mean these things dont just show up to one minute. Its all the activities that we started, we talked about last year our upping our investments to drive business in North America and NRI places and were getting the benefit of that in our year and half later.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Stephen East: Thank you, good morning, guys. Jeff, just a couple questions around the revenue growth again. Sort of following on, Eric. Do you think the sell through in the industry, particularly in North America, was at the same pace as what you all were doing? Or do you think there was something unique that was going on that maybe you all were selling in faster than the sell through was going out? Then the Ceramic, we're typically used to seeing Ceramic growing faster than your North American business. Is this just because of your issues on capacity constraints, or you think there is a shift in what the market is? Which one is driving the market, if you will?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Each category is grown definitely, so what happens is right now to have LVT is started from a relatively low base, its been accepted in the market place and its in the same place at laminate was in the mid 90s to 2000. So with the investments were putting in it, its pushing it up. On the other side you have the wood business that tends to be driven a lot by the new housing construction as a much bigger piece in new housing. So its doing better in the market in total. Those two pieces are helping it and then all the other activities were trying to do to improve our own business relative to the market are helping our other parts.
Stephen East: Okay. So it sounds like the sell-through is matching up with what you all delivered then, just taking share out of it. Is that a correct assumption on that? Then the last question I've got, your price hikes that you're implementing, your past experience, how much do you think that will, how much of it typically sticks? And then are these price hikes just taking care of the inflation you've seen, or is it trying to get out ahead of where you think this inflation curve is going with raw materials?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Were in the very first initial stages of it. We just recently announced a 3% to 5% increase. It's to cover raw materials, energy, labor, medical benefits in it. We'll have to see how it evolves. We need the increases to cover cost changes we go through. On the other hand, were going to remain competitive in the marketplace. That we always do. Historically these things start out and, as the prices get more finalized in the market some go up more, some go up less.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Rednor from Zelman & Associates. Please go ahead.
Scott Rednor: Hi, good morning. Question for you, Frank, on the padding income. I think earlier this year you guided to it being down in 2016. I wanted to check that that's been, that's followed that trajectory. And maybe you could just reiterate the outlook for the roll-off in 2017, if any way that's changed.
Frank Boykin: Yes. Royalty income improved due to some increased LVT sales and recovery of some old fees. And next year, so that was for this year that I was speaking to. Next year, we anticipate royalty income to be in the $65 million to $70 million with about a $35 million run rate after the patent expires at the end of May.
Scott Rednor: And then a bigger picture question for you guys on the countertop side. That's come up the past couple calls now. Maybe, Jeff, how long has that opportunity been available to you? And is there any risk that you're going through a different end channel or different customer? How do you think about that opportunity relative to what we see externally as core Flooring?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I dont want to get you confused. We have a countertop business which we act as a distributor in the United States and one of the largest distributors in the United States in a fairly fractured market. The ceramic countertop business started a limited number of years ago in Europe and its just ramping up in Europe. And it takes a while to get the market to accept it. The same product in the U.S. is in it's really infancy. So it's a very small part of, it's almost none in the U.S. it's so small. So we're starting in Europe, where the market is already starting accepting it. And well be shipping product from there to the U.S. And over time if it makes sense, we will put in more capacity in the United States. All that different than the quartz business which we also sell-through our distribution.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi, thank you for taking my questions today. Really tagging on the prior question, more conceptually, I know that youve given some detail on your countertop business and expansion. But as you think about growing outside just Flooring and into other categories, could you give us more color in terms of strategic thoughts as you look over the next two to three years on where youd like to grow, as you think about M&A beyond just Flooring?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let me start with Flooring before we leave it. We are really in an unusual position most businesses around the world that we have the capacity to expand our flooring business into all parts of geographies around the world, it gives us the opportunity to Greenfield and/or acquire other flooring businesses that we think we can add value to and gives us a much broader market to play in. Beyond that at some point, it wouldnt be unusual for us to add another product category to our business, and there are a lot of options to do that. And we havent chosen one, but weve already be in it, yes.
Kathryn Thompson: I was just hoping a little color on what the most logical in your mind would be?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, the closer a business is to our historical business, the more value we can add. The more we can influence the manufacturing, the distribution, the style and design of sort it, so the closer for it the better. On the other hand we have shown, as we started out in a carpet company, we didnt know anything about ceramic and we become the largest ceramic producer in the world. We didnt know anything about LVT, and we are going to be the largest LVT producer in the world recently. So, I mean wed look at it is on each one is as we find the right opportunities and value in, we take them on a one-off basis, and they really think we can participate in many things in the world.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. Great. And my follow-up question. Once again you said earlier in the Q&A that flooring industry is projected to grow 3%, 4% this year and also into next year. But in terms of the delta of your growth, how much of the upside was driven by market share gains? For instance, in big box and the soft side or is it -- would you attribute the upside to greater -- to just your increased sales efforts? Thank you very much.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Can any answer I give you that would be guess the data on market shares, there is limited data out there, where it is out there, I dont have full confidence what the numbers remain quarter-to-quarter. They are influenced by a lot of pieces. I think that we are probably doing a litter bit better in some categories in the marketplace and most.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Baugh from Stifel. Please go ahead.
John Baugh: Thank you. Good morning and my congrats as well. Jeff, could you tell us where you are in laminates with a waterproof technology and how important that might be to the future of laminates?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So in laminate, we participate in laminate in the mid to high end part of the business and very little in the commodity part. And there are reasons for which is that, they are really different assets and make highly style, highly design product efficiently and then they are making commodity. So thats where we set up. If youre going to participate in better one, you have to keep coming up with new innovative ideas to drive it both in style and features and we are the leader in the category until. And so what are the problems with laminate and wood is that its impacted by water and moisture in the house. And so weve come up with another technology that allows us to give it dramatically better performance than the other products in the category and part of our expansions to support the expansion of that in the market place, which is one of many. And if youre going to be the leader, every year you have to keep coming up with new one.
John Baugh: And, Jeff, I have a follow-up question. But just on that quickly, where are we being, say, water-resistant versus waterproof? Then my follow-up question is simply: Any indication of roughly what your run rate of sales in LVT are currently? You gave us a $1 billion production run rate. And what you're sourcing versus making in-house currently. Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The first question was of moisture. There is no way to make anything out of wood completely moisture repellent. The technology that we have, if you spill things on them, usually you clean them up and the technology is in 24 or 48 hours, hours is almost nothing happens to it, where they the competitive products I mean dramatically degrade in the time. So we see that as a significant value proposition in the market place. One the other one, we dont give out this specific numbers of individual product categories in our segment, Im sure youre aware of.
John Baugh: All right. Will you be replacing, say in the next 12 to 18 months, in-house production versus sourced? And will that be a margin helper? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Our goal is to continue expanding our business and the best thing it could happen with these that I need to keep sourcing significant amount.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Wojs from Baird. Please go ahead.
Tim Wojs: Hey, guys. Good morning; nice job. I guess my question, just maybe to put a little finer point, Frank, on productivity. I think you've been running maybe $30 million, $35 million a quarter from an EBIT perspective this year. And if you're spending more next year on CapEx, is there any reason why that run rate wouldn't continue into 2017?
Frank Boykin: First, is the state, weve got tremendous number of projects and I think we said hundreds of projects across the business that people are working on both capital investments as well as process improvements that are driving those productivity numbers. Were in the process now in putting into our plan for next year. Weve got a very long list of projects for next year both CapEx and process improvement. So, well continue to generate good productivity numbers next year, but I dont know the number at this point.
Tim Wojs: Okay, okay. And then just on the commercial business; there is a little bit of worry that that business could slow down in 2017. I'm just curious what you're seeing, and maybe just some color on the investments that you're making in commercial today. Thanks.
Frank Boykin: The commercial business, I think in generally probably has weekend a little bit. I think that our product offering, our investment with sales and marketing are helping us to improve our position and the marketplace at this point. We have a very high part of the ceramic market that we do at the same time. The LVT and large part of the LVT is going into the commercial business. The carpet tile business is growing for us, and these investment and sales force and product design and features and benefits are helping us push all the categories through the marketplace. So I think more than anything, its really where we started. The business is in the best position from a manufacturing standpoint, from a cost standpoint, from a product innovation standpoint, execution standpoint and its helping us in all areas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Armstrong from Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
James Armstrong: Good morning. I'd like to add my congratulations as well. First question is, you're obviously currently ramping up your LVT capacity quite significantly. That you said is slated to come online at the end of next year. Given the growth in the market right now, do you think that will be sufficient? Or do you believe that there probably is room for more as we go beyond that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Its too early to tell. The marketplace has been growing significantly I would guess in the United States, it probably grew 300 million or more this year, just in growth. It's possible it could grow that or more next year. So there's plenty of opportunity for growth in the marketplace. The question is, as we get further along. Where is it going to plateau? And it's too early to tell.
James Armstrong: Fair enough. And then switching gears a little -- are you seeing any labor constraint issues in North America, either in your business or by your end customers? Is there any indication of that in your side of the business yet?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Hiring people has become more difficult in the business, but weve been able to get what we need. On the customer side, I think the installation is becoming tight. In some of our places it's becoming hard for our customers to find the people to install the product. At the same time in the trucking piece finding drivers has been a problem for a while with most, but we also been able to get what we need for our own business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
John Lovallo: Hi, guys. Thanks for fitting me in here. The first question is on, could you dimension the size of the Ceramics business in Mexico and perhaps how much of that serves the U.S. market? Then perhaps any thoughts or contingency plans if Trump does win the election and there is risk to NAFTA.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The Ceramic business in Mexico is about the same in units as the U.S. business, however, the average selling price is about half. So in -- on a dollar basis beginning the conversion, on the dollar basis, its about half to size with about equal amount of unit, out of that.
John Lovallo: So thats the industry.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thats the industry. Out of that Mexico is one of the larger exporters into the U.S.; however, over the last two or three years the Mexican market has been growing dramatically and its observed a huge amount of capacity in Mexico and is growing -- I dont cant even understand how much grown as much as they had, relative to the economy growing in Mexico. So whats happening is there has been a construction of the stuff coming up in the United States, because they higher value for in a local markets rather than exporting it to the U.S.
John Lovallo: Okay. Thats helpful. And then youre clearly running at or close to full capacity at many of your plants. Just curious, though. Similar to other manufacturing businesses, is there an opportunity for you to drive additional volume by doing things like increasing line speeds or adding shifts within existing plants?
Jeff Lorberbaum: What we said we are at capacity, it means weve done, weve already running the same seven days a week and wide open and then every business is we have a around here half way there no matter where youre there is always way to get more out of it, is it but the more of it most cases once you optimize that is a few percent dramatic.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. My question is on WPC LVT. The capacity you're adding for LVT now, is that -- can that produce both LVT and WPC LVT? Or is it exclusive to one versus the other, and generally how that works?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think that we are building our equipment or we can satisfy any need in the marketplace with various products of different types of different features as we go through. So, I mean we are prepared to compete in all parts of the market providing products that will satisfy all level.
Keith Hughes: So you can produce both products in the same line, is that correct?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well be able to produce all of the above.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari from UBS. Please go ahead.
Susan Maklari: You noted that about a third of your product in the North American segment -- or a third of your sales in the North American segment are coming from more recent product introductions, especially on the soft surface side, I think
Jeff Lorberbaum: That was a carpet comment.
Susan Maklari: Okay. So as we think, though, about a lot of the work that you are doing and all the changes that are coming through, how should we think about where new products can go to as a percent of revenues either for that segment or as a whole? And what are the margin differentials between things that have been introduced, say in the last two or three years relative to some of your legacy products?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Product innovation is the crux of all of our businesses. So further you guess from commodity products the more important innovation is because youre selling differentiation rather than price and depending upon which business were in, weve different participations in commodity and the other. And all those things will continue to try to bring incremental product innovation to each one, so that the customers would prefer having ours. And with that you do get a margin premium as you bring more value to the customer. As you would think, as you would expect.
Susan Maklari: Okay. And then it sounds like you have continued to make some pretty nice progress on the working capital side as well. As we think about 2017 and some of these moving parts coming together, is there more room there that you think you can realize?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Its going to be incremental, we continuously try to find what is operating with lower inventories and giving higher service and you continually do those things and that at the same time off setting that, when your near capacity limitations of the working capital becomes lower and then more important is creating more product. So in some cases were giving up turns and order to try to get more throughputs out of the business in the short term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Roe Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Laura Champine: Good morning, Jeff. I think you called out weakness in residential carpet. Is that just a continuation of the secular trend towards hard surfaces? Or was there any change in that deteriorating trend in residential carpet, or any new drivers of that weakness?
Jeff Lorberbaum: First broader then carpet, residential replacement has not have the same robustness we would have expected, going through the cycle and its in all the product categories as you go through. And addition in the carpet fees, there is increasing pressure from declining prices, as the market growth in polyester, which sells at lower prices, as reduced the prices and then with the over capacities in the carpet industry, the commodity prices have got in compressed even more. All of those things are reducing the dollar volume of the industry, at the same time there is been the trend to selling more hard surfaces and use of more hard surfaces and more places, which has changed the growth rate of the entire industry, and those dynamics as continuing as they have been, so were trying to participate it all the pieces. Were trying to make sure that we satisfy the customers from all the different product categories and our goal is to have our profit businesses largest we can have it. And at the same time to optimize the other hard surface products, which we participate in all the parts of the business, and then going back to what we discussed before, having incremental innovation and everything has a huge benefit and we spend a huge amount of effort, trying to create some reasons that customers prefers ours in every single product category.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandon Rolle from Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Brandon Rolle: Hi, this is Brandon Rolle on for David MacGregor. My question was in the Flooring North America segment. You had called out commodities pressure on the same; and how much of that was a drag on the 15% operating margin? Then as a follow-up, I was hoping you could talk about the levels of import competition in the hard surface flooring markets, whether it be LVT, laminate, or wood flooring. Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The pricing pressure in the commodity carpet business has been going on for some time. There is excess capacity in the marketplace. It has pushed the prices and margins down in the business for us. But I want to remind you at the same time that our North American Flooring business is operating at historically the highest margins its ever been at. So it's just what we have to deal with, is the marketplace. The competition from offshore is there, and its different and different product categories. The Ceramic business, there's probably almost half of the industry comes from show somewhere, which includes, the biggest pieces coming from Mexico and China, I would guess, would be the two biggest. At the same time, the highest stuff is coming out of Europe, is it. In the other product categories, each one is different. The laminate business, there is the significant amount is to come from China and moved to Europe. There is new capacity coming up. So its going to move here, you see the LVT with all coming out of China, but this new capacity coming up is moving to the U.S. So in these product categories where you can automate it, there's advantages to being local but at the same time in the world marketplace with exchange rates and other pieces, people dump excess capacity into the marketplace. We think that were well suited to compete and in the Ceramic industry and we're actually built, we own different capacity to everyone. We started this year, weve actually shift product in Ceramic from Russia, Europe, and Bulgaria and out of our Chinese relationship into the U.S. to support our business.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Sam Darkatsh: Good morning, Jeff, Frank. How are you? A couple questions, one of them is just a follow-up on a prior question, as it relates to your Mexican exposure. Are you hedged for 2017 for transactional impacts if the peso does devalue after Tuesday?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We as a general rule do not hedge anything. And we go with the markets. We're in so many markets we're winning and losing in different ones all the time. And historically, I can't say, when we did hedge a long time ago, that the decisions were optimal.
Sam Darkatsh: So is there a way you can help us quantify or help quantify for us the potential exposure to the peso and/or the export business?
Jeff Lorberbaum: In the peso, whats happening with probably or gaining and losing about equal amount. So on the imports we gain if it goes down, we gain on what we bring back. But our profits translated back from Mexico go down. If it reverses, the opposite occurs.
Sam Darkatsh: Final question, if I could. Youre out of capacity in Russia, and new capacity coming online for Ceramic. Are you in the process of raising prices there? If you mentioned it in your prepared remarks and I missed it, I apologize. I was just curious if youre raising prices there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: No, we are not raising prices there, the market is probably in the depths of recession has been at and forever. I would guess that there ceramic market in Russia to 30%, 35% most of my competitors are struggling to stay alive the prices are compressed over there and then that environment we have, because we have the premium position install and designed because we have control of the downstream distribution, because we have the brand thats known in the marketplace were still promoting our brand through advertising across the market place. We are running opposite to the entire marketplace.
Sam Darkatsh: Very helpful. Thank you. Both have a terrific weekend.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you very much. We appreciate everyone being with us and we look forward to a good year. Have a great day.
Operator: That concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank Boykin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Finance Jeff Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Michael Dahl - Credit Suisse Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets Sam Eisner - Goldman Sachs David MacGregor - Longbow Research John Baugh - Stifel Laura Champine - Roe Equity Research Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research James Armstrong - Vertical Research Sam Darkats - Raymond James Scott Rednor - Zelman & Associates Megan McGrath - MKM Partners Susan Maklari - UBS
Operator: Good morning. My name is Julie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, August 5, 2016. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Julie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today, we'll update you on the company's results for the second quarter of 2016 and provide guidance for the third quarter. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Our second quarter earnings exceeded our expectations. Our earnings per share for the period were $3.42, an increase of 35% or $3.47, excluding unusual charges, an increase of 29% over last year and an all-time record for the company. This marks the ninth consecutive period that Mohawk has delivered record adjusted earnings per share. Our strategic business initiatives and our acquisitions all contributed to our rise in earnings. For the quarter, our operating margin grew 270 basis points to a second-quarter record of 15.2%. As a result of productivity, sales volume, acquisitions and lower input costs offset partially by investments in SG&A and an unfavorable price mix. Our revenues for the second quarter were $2.3 billion, an increase of 13%, our highest quarterly revenues ever. During the period, we generated free cash flow of more than $270 million. Our innovations in products and processes, investments in efficiencies and integration of our acquisitions enhanced our performance during the quarter and provide a foundation for long-term growth. Our recent acquisitions are progressing as we broaden their strategies, leverage their distribution and provide additional resources. Across the enterprise, we are investing in marketing to improve our product introductions and expand our distribution and sales. We anticipate SG&A is a percent of sales, will improve as we progress through this year. To optimize our businesses, we have initiated many capital projects that will enhance our performance this year and beyond by expanding our capacity, product offering and efficiencies. We are in the final stages of the start-up of our new U.S. ceramic, LVT and outdoor rug operations as well as our European LVT plant. We have begun additional projects to support our growth, including LVT and laminate in the U.S. and Europe, ceramic in Mexico, Italy and Russia, continuum polyester carpet, engineered wood and utility mats in the US. This year, we anticipate our capital expenditures will exceed $600 million depending on the timing of payments. Consumer spending at the end of the second quarter strengthened the U.S. economy. The most recent National Association of Builders report affirmed continuing recovery of the U.S. single-family home market. Continued job creation, new household formations and low mortgage rates should support housing growth throughout this year. Harvard LIRA Index projects remodeling activity will approach as 2006 peak in the middle of next year. The latest architectural building index, which measures commercial design activity rose to the highest level at almost a year. In Mexico, low inflation has raised consumer confidence to its highest level in a year and the comments are predicting further GDP growth. The European Central Bank continue to stimulate the economy through a quantitative easing and low interest rates. The Russian economy remains in a recession, though there are indications it may be nearing a bottom. I'll now review our second quarter performance by segment. Our Global Ceramic sales rose 5% as reported with operating income for the segment growing 16% over last year to a margin of 17%. FX negatively impacted the translation of our sales for Mexico and Russia by $16 million. Our North American ceramic business continue to grow and our margins benefited from higher volume productivity mix. The home construction channel outperformed the rest of the business and we're expanding our position with builders across the country. Our new product introductions are gaining momentum, imperatively impacting our margins. We increased sales personnel and distribution points to optimize our market position. The introduction of some new [indiscernible] programs were postponed by large customers in the period and are back on track. Sales of our countertops are increasing as we expand our distribution and product offering. We continue to enhance the quality of our independent distributor network and have expanded American Olean and Marazzi service centers on the West Coast. Our new Tennessee ceramic plant is ahead of schedule with the final production line becoming operational in the third quarter. We are manufacturing higher value products at this facility, including 48-inch wood planks and color body porcelain tiles. The plant in Western Mexico that we acquire last year is improving its performance with higher production levels and lower costs. We're focusing each of our North American plants on specific products to optimize our productivity and increase their efficiency and quality. We are reengineering our product formulations and increasing the recycling of our ceramic wastes. Our ceramic operating margins in Mexico expanded as we've upgraded our mix and reduced our cost. All of our Mexican tile capacity is being utilized and we have begun the expansion of our Salamanca plant. We will double its capacity by adding new lines that will be operational in the fall of next year. We continue to grow our retail sales as well as our participation in DIY and new construction channels in Mexico. Our European ceramic sales continue to improve with expanded margins of improved mix by upgrading our assets, enhancing our offering and improving our sales execution with increased revenue and profitability. To continue these trends, we are introducing more differentiated products in the middle price points and investing in retail merchandizing, retail sales training, and consumer advertise. We have initiated the final phase of our Italian asset modernization, which we completed during the first half of next year. In addition, we've purchased a new manufacturing line to make even larger tiles to be used on floors, walls, and countertops. We're enhancing our position and product offering, improving efficiencies, and supplying product to our Western European and U.S. markets. Despite the continued decline of the Russian economy in ceramic industry, our sales rose significantly on a local basis, with improvements in volume, price and mix. We're increasing our market share through industry-leading design and broader distribution. We've started up a new line to give us more porcelain production to satisfy our growing demand. We've enhanced the strength of our organization and broadened our sales and manufacturing capability. We are further expanding our capacity to prepare for a stronger Russian market in 2018. For the second quarter, our Flooring North America segment sales were up 7%, with operating income for the segment increasing 25%, to a margin of 12% as reported. Operating income grew 16% over last year, to a margin of 13%, excluding unusual charges. The segment's profitability as we increased investments in sales personnel, retail merchandizing and samples. Like ceramic, some large customers postponed product launches and reduced inventory in the period, and we anticipate sales improvement in the third quarter. Our residential carpet margins expanded as a result of our differentiated products, process innovation, and investments that lowered our cost structure. During the quarter, the industry's average selling price for residential carpet declined due to the shift of polyester and the lower cost of materials. Our mix was negatively impacted by the strength of the new home and multifamily channels, which utilize lower value products. To satisfy the changing corporate market, we're adding more continuum polyester production, which uses recycled materials to provide higher quality and value. We widened the distribution of our SmartStrand carpet, Karastan broadloom and mainstream commercial collections, which outpaced our other residential sales. Our exclusive SmartStrand franchise is being benefited by our new Silk Naturals collection, which has the appearance of wool, but a softer, more luxurious and easier to maintain. We continue to strengthen our manufacturing performance with many process advances, higher yields, and material enhancements. Our commercial carpet sales increased as we strengthened our product offering and expanded our sales in all channels. Our innovative commercial introductions received multiple awards at the recent show and gained interest from architects and designers who attended. We continue to simplify our manufacturing, consolidate plans, and improve our planning processes. We're enhancing the designing value we provide to our customers while increasing our margins at the same time. All of our commercial channels are showing improvement with hospitality and senior living, the strongest. Our new innovations in laminate are differentiating our products and expanding our market share. We continue to deliver unique styling and performance features in our laminate collections. Our European operations are providing product to the U.S. until our new capacity as operational next year. Our engineered wood sales continue to grow and we have a price increase that will be implemented in the third quarter. By the end of this year, we will install more engineered wood production to satisfy greater demand and produce higher value products. There is pressure on the solid wood sales, as consumer preference shifts to engineer. In June, we had a disruption in our Virginia wood plant, which impacted sales by $2 million and we are now getting back to normal levels. Our vinyl business continued to expand as we increase the product assortment and distribution of our LVT and sheet vinyl. Our growth in the LVT category has been constrained by our manufacturing capacity. We've recently made equipment modifications that will significantly raise our LVT production and reduce costs. We are preparing to introduce new designs and features to further grow our LVT sales in both residential and commercial. By the end of the year - by the end of next year, we will double our U.S. LVT capacity and enhance our capabilities in this fast growing category. For the period, our Flooring Rest of the World segment sales were up 51%, with operating income rising 91% to a margin of 20% as reported. Operating income grew 67% to a margin of 21% on a local basis excluding charges. Our Flooring business improved significantly led by premium laminate and LVT. Our laminate mix benefited from our sales of our new collections featuring more realistic visuals and water resistance. We're adding laminate capacity in Europe to support the next generation of this unique technology. To offset currency fluctuations, we're announcing selective price increases. The system integration for Balterio Laminate, will be completed during the third quarter and allow us to realize additional synergies. In Russia, our laminate facility continues to be fully utilized and we're exploring options to add capacity. The mix of our wood business improved during the period, offset by negative currency. Higher sales of wider wood increased our material costs and we are raising prices to offset. We're reducing our wood SKUs and driving productivity and quality. Our LVT sales and margins increased as our mix and efficiencies improved. To support our LVT growth, additional equipment is being installed there also to raise our capacity and we're sourcing products to supplement in the meantime. To satisfy future LVT growth, another production line should be operational by the end of the year. Our sheet vinyl sales were negatively affected by a fire in our Belgium plant that we reviewed last quarter. The operations are presently running about 95% of our expected rate and full production will be achieved this period. The impact to the fire on second quarter sales and earnings was approximately 6.5 million and 2.5 million respectively. We anticipate recovery of about 2 million from insurance during this period. We are expanding commercial sheet vinyl sales and will improve - that will improve our mix. During the period, our panel sales and margins expanded, as we implemented many actions to enhance our results. Our insulation volumes increased significantly, offset by currency changes and lower prices as material cost declined. The integration of Xtratherm and our legacy insulation business continues with sales, administration and systems being realigned to enhance our results. I'll now turn the call over to Frank to review our financial performance for the period.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales as reported were $2.310 billion, up 13%. Our legacy business was up 3% on a constant days and exchange rate basis. We had one additional day in the second quarter and we will also have one additional day in the fourth quarter. In the third quarter, we'll have one last day compared to the last year. Plant disruptions, temporarily pushed sales down by approximately $9 million in the quarter. We had a negative FX impact of $16 million with the decline in the ruble and the peso, offsetting the positive impact of the euro. All segments grew with the strongest performance in our Rest of World segment. Our gross margin as reported was 32.7% or 32.8% excluding charges, up a 180 basis points over last year. Volume and productivity were the biggest drivers for our improvement. SG&A as reported was $405 million or 17.5% of sales. It was $402 million excluding charges or 17.4% of sales, which was 20 basis points higher than the last year. Marketing investments primarily in the ceramic and flooring North American segments continued during the quarter. We expect the SG&A percent to net sales to decline in the second half as spending slows and we leverage our cost better with the higher sales. Operating income as reported was $351 million with the margin of 15.2%. We had restructuring charges of $6 million related primarily to the woven carpet consolidation in our North American segment. We estimate another $20 million to $25 million of charges in the second half of this year. Our operating margin excluding charges was 15.4%, which is at a 160 basis points, even with a $4 million foreign exchange headwind. The operating increase over last year was impacted primarily by a positive volume at $46 million, and productivity at $41 million, offsetting SG&A investments of $18 million. Interest expense for the quarter was $10 million, which improved $7 million as higher rate bonds were refinanced last year under - this year under CP program. Other income was $5 million, and includes favorable FX. Our income tax rate was 26% this year, compared to 24% last year. And we are estimating our full year rate at 25%. Earnings per share as reported were $3.42. Earnings per share excluding charges, was $3.47 up 29% over last year. Moving to the segments. In our Global Ceramic segment sales as reported were $830 million, which is a 5% increase over last year. Our legacy business is up 4%, on a constant days and FX basis. We had very strong local currency growth in Russia, with both North America and Europe also growing. FX was a $16 million headwind in this segment. In Europe, our premium products experienced the strongest growth. Operating income as reported was a $141 million, or a margin of 16.9%. The operating margin excluding charges was 17%, an increase of a 140 basis points. Operating income growth was driven by positive volume of $12 million and productivity of $14 million, offsetting $6 million of SG&A investments. In the Flooring North American segment, sales as reported were $981 million, an increase of 7%. The legacy business using constant days was up slightly with a 1% increase. Hard surfaces and LVT sales growth was the strongest. Operating income as reported was $119 million with a margin of 12.1%. The operating margin excluding charges was 12.8%, up 110 basis points. The operating income increased primarily from productivity of $22 million, an input cost deflation of $9 million offsetting negative price mix of $9 million and another $9 million from SG&A investments. And then finally, in our Flooring Rest of World segment, sales as reported were $500 million, up 51%, with the legacy business on a constant days and FX basis, up 5%. Both, LVT and laminate had good growth in the quarter. The operating income as reported was $101 million with a margin of 20.2%. Our operating margin excluding charges was 20.1% and was an increase of 160 basis points. Operating income was positively impacted by volume of $28 million with lower input cost of $8 million and productivity of $6 million. If you look at the corporate elimination segment, we had an operating loss of $10 million and we expect a full-year loss of about $35 million. Turning to the balance sheet, receivables ended at $1.4 billion with our days' sales outstanding up to 54 days from 52 days last year. This was primarily due to channel mix. Inventories at the end of the quarter were a $1.7 billion. Inventory days continue to show good improvement with the 105 days this year compared to a 106 days last year. Fixed assets were $3.2 billion at the end of the quarter. We add capital expenditures in the second quarter of a $136 million and depreciation and amortization of a $101 million. CapEx for the fiscal year is estimated to be between $600 million and $650 million for the quarter - for the year and depreciation and amortization of $410 million. Long-term debt ended up at $3 billion with our leverage at 1.8 times debt to pro forma EBITDA. Jeff, I'll turn it back over to you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. We are optimistic about our future performance as a result of our ongoing investments and people products and assets. Our current booking trends have improved and we anticipate third quarter sales growth will be higher on a local basis. We expect continued margin expansion in all of our segments due to processed improvement, operational innovations and greater efficiencies. Across the business, we are introducing differentiated products and leveraging customer relationships to increase our market position. We are making significant investments to expand our capacity and grow sales in all of our products and geographies. Our LVT sales growth is accelerating and our new plants are making gains in capacity productivity and efficiency. Taking these factors into account, our EPS guidance for the third quarter is $3.40 to $3.49. This represents a 14% to 17% increase over a third quarter of 2015 EPS, excluding any restructuring charges from 2013 through 2016. We have invested over $2 billion in new assets to drive Mohawk's profitability. We have substantially integrated our recent acquisitions and with our strong organization and balance sheet, we can exploit additional opportunity. In every region, our differentiated product collections, operational excellence and extensive customer relationships give us advantages, so we can deliver stronger results. We'll now be glad to take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Mike Dahl from Credit Suisse. Mike, your line is now open.
Michael Dahl: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I think you mentioned some of the modifications to the current LVT capacity. And, I'm just curious, is that's helping your productivity out of these plans. Could you give us a little more color around that and also maybe an update on just in light of that and some of the other investments you're making, where you stand from an LVT capacity on a revenue basis? And when you talk about doubling over the next year or so just forward, does that put you as far as how many dollars of revenues you will be able to produce? Thanks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We presently have three plants, two in Europe and one in the United States. The plant in Europe was started before we purchased IVC and it's been a ramping up, we've just made - when we put the plant in, we didn't put in all the things that took to optimize the capacity, because we weren't sure what we didn't know. We've recently added more capacity to feed it, which is going to up the production levels as we speak in Europe. In the U.S. plant, with a totally different technologies than the other two, which ran about 50%, 60% faster over there. It's also in its final stages of startup. We've been making modifications to it, and over the July 4, we made additional changes to it, to try to get it to what we believe to be is optimum capacity later in the fall of this year. In addition to those, we are in the process - or have ordered pieces of equipment that open the next generation of the United States plan that will run even better and have more capabilities, and we're going to put another line in the United States and into Europe, both of which should be running by the end of next year, will enable us to grow the business. The combination of all those together, will give us capacity exceeding a $1 billion between the two. We will have slightly more capacity in Europe, than we will have in the U.S. when we get through.
Michael Dahl: That's great. Thanks. And as my follow-up, I guess once you're fully ramped, and online with the three plants, could you give us sense for just differential in cost between fully producing domestically versus your current sourcing model?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I'm not sure, I'm prepared to break that out for you.
Michael Dahl: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Wetenhall from RBC Capital Markets. Robert, your line is now open.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Bob, are you there? Maybe, we should go to the next one.
Robert Wetenhall: Hello.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Hey.
Robert Wetenhall: Can you hear me?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yeah, we can hear you now.
Robert Wetenhall: Sorry about that. Fantastic results I think, these speaks for themselves. Instead of going in because there is a lot of detail that both of you provided. I was hoping to kind of go big picture today and talk about the $600 million of capital spending through this year. If you could walk us through the kind of paybacks that you are getting on the dollar spend, and why it is that heavy investments that you've been making both in SG&A and capital spending to $2 billion between 2013 and 2016? Why does that make more sense for Mohawk, given your track record, your successful track record of acquisitions? Why is that preferable to share buybacks in returning capital to shareholders?
Frank Boykin: If I can get all those out, if I forget, you remind me. Our strategy is and has been to aggressively drive our business growth and profits through our profit allocations. And okay, where the truth I'm really not sure that our ability to do that's been fully recognized by the entire market. Prior to 2016, we invested about $5 billion into the business which is why we've been doing so well and expect to continue doing well. Of that, about a $1.5 billion was into our existing assets and about $3.5 billion was into nine other acquisitions. With those things, the paybacks range from the short-end of two years for some of the capital to the long-end of about five years with most things and the difference in doing some of the internal pieces is, when you go into big projects, they can take year to year-and-a-half to get it going another year to bring it up to level. So, you don't get as much return in the first year too, but over the IRR over the five-year period and 10-year period is usually much greater, is it along with lower risks. At the same time, during those things, we have invested, investing as the business get stronger, we started investing more in SG&A and most of the business is to drive it, and with the investments we're putting in, they get about $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion as what we said of additional sales. We have to be bringing up the SG&A in order to support those things and it goes in before you actually get the sales results, when you get through. From there going forward, in 2016, we've announced, we're going to invest over $600 million, [indiscernible] in the same things of new products, increasing efficiencies, and giving us more capacity in all of our different businesses. Again, these investments are the ones that give us the highest return at what we believe to be the lowest risk of our various opportunities as they're. Today, the fastest growing part of flooring industry is LVT as we just went through before, we'll have over $1 billion of capacity to support this in the U.S. and Europe, so we think we're well positioned. Our plants are more automated than others that are in the more integrated forward and backwards in order to make it at lower costs and give us high flexibility to make wherever the customer wants. With this, we continue to look at acquisition opportunities around the world. We remain disciplined in our approach to get good returns on those, and organization's ability to identify and execute these opportunities is really what sets us apart.
Robert Wetenhall: I agree. And that's a very helpful articulation of the strategy, and I also agree with your comment that I don't think this is being fully recognized by the investor base. Could you talk to us about the $600 million is a lot more than you normally spend, and we're thinking about only the next two years to three years. What's the trajectory of SG&A spending on a dollar basis. Frank mentioned you're going to get leverage. And although, it's a little early, how should we'll be thinking conceptually about CapEx in 2017 and 2018? Thanks. And good luck, nice quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you very much. On the SG&A, we started raising it last fall, getting ready for all of these investments in order to have the sales stride, pushing through the growth to support all of these different pieces we're in. We've been doing it across the company in the various regions, which is why we are doing as well as we are. In the second quarter, even with those investments, the SG&A as a percent of sales, I think was only slightly above last year...
Frank Boykin: About 20 basis points.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So, it was slightly ahead of last year. And as we go through the fall, we think we're going to get leverage and expect percent of sales decline above the prior year as the sales get more in line with it. On a going forward basis, we'll have to keep investing, but we hope to keep the percent where it is or going down. For a given moment, it might get ahead or behind it as you try to align it with the new capacities we have coming in. did I get all the questions?
Robert Wetenhall: I was - that was great and just the other part of that and then I'll hand it over. What about capital spending in 2017 and 2018? Should we expect the elevated level of $600 million or do you see capital spending because you made a lot of investments in the last three years to your credit, should we think that will taper off?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We haven't finalized next year and beyond, a lot of the investment we're making this year there'll be parts of the carry over in next year. I would guess, it's going to be elevated, but we - next year, but we really haven't put it together yet. Just one last comment, the best thing I can do for the shareholders and the company is continue to find internal investments that have good paybacks. And I mean, if I could find twice as many I would do it, assuming that the risk and rewards are right which is what we're paid to do.
Robert Wetenhall: Sounds good to me. Good luck. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Eisner from Goldman Sachs. Sam, your line is now open.
Sam Eisner: Yeah. Thanks and good morning, everyone.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Sam Eisner: So going back to the productivity numbers Frank, if I heard you correctly I think you said about $41 million of productivity savings and I think that compares to $29 million in the first quarter or so. You're running at close to $70 million if I annualize that's about a $140 million. And so I'm curious the sustainability on the productivity savings. I understand that you're spending $600 million this year. But perhaps you can give us more of a medium-term commentary on how you think about productivity savings that's been steadily marching higher from about a $100 million in 2014 going to about $130 million in 2015 and now it seems to be, again run rate about $140 million for 2016. So, curious how you think about the medium-term productivity savings for the company.
Jeff Lorberbaum: This is Jeff to start. All these capital investments that we're putting in, a significant portion of them is also going towards improving the cost structures. As they come up, we have lower cost as well as higher revenues in pieces. So, some of it - some of the investments are going there. Every part of the business starts out the year with an internal productivity goal. It's made up of two parts. One is capital investments and the other is process changes. And we have very disciplined procedures of coming up with innovative ideas and then ensuring that they get driven through the business and execute it. And the ideas, we start at with, I think, we probably get about 60 - I mean, some of it, we don't know how to do, we just put them down, so we need to do something, but probably get about 65% of get executed. At the same time, we come up with more of them every year and I am really putting a good process to drive it.
Frank Boykin: And besides that, Sam. I would not say that we're prepared to give a number or guidance, but like Jeff said, we are driving the business, everybody has goals in terms of productivity improvement, whether they're in manufacturing distribution or administrative roles, and it's a deeply embedded part of our culture here to continually improve the business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. I just want to make sure you understand, we're not out of ideas as the - and that's the reason we keep raising the profits and the margins.
Sam Eisner: Got it. So in your terms, we're halfway there on the productivity improvements?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. I'm looking at a signing my office, it is halfway there, no matter where we are - we are always have quite.
Sam Eisner: Sounds good. And then maybe secondary, a little bit more of a macro question here. We've heard a couple of comments from other participants within the kind of broader building product sector this quarter talk about credit. And ultimately consumers beginning to use some credit, whether it HELOCs, whether it's home equity loans or even cash out refinancing. Curious what you're seeing on the ground level from some of the customers or at least commentary from some of your retailers, about how customer are ultimately using financing, if they're using it, in particular in North America? Thanks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Hey, it's true, and that's close enough to actually give you a specifics of it. We think that the credit lines are getting better with people as their incomes go up. We think that the banks are getting a little easy in giving some credit. At the same time, as the incomes increase, and gasoline prices come down, we think all of the things are in place for us to do well over the near-term.
Sam Eisner: Appreciate that. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from David MacGregor from Longbow Research. David, you line is now open.
David MacGregor: Hey, good morning, everyone. Great quarter, Jeff. With all of the things you've got going on right now, and where you started off, so can you just talk about the impact of startup costs on your 2Q margins, and how that might have compared with first quarter and year ago?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yeah. Startup cost in the second quarter were about $4 million. I don't know what year ago numbers were off the top of my head. We're estimating about another $3 million to $5 million in startup through the second half of the year though.
Frank Boykin: That's the amount of increase over last year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: That's total startup. Total startup.
David MacGregor: Yeah. Sound a little light to me. Congratulations on that. And then secondly, just if you could talk a little about China. And I know you've had investments there, you haven't really talk much about that lately, could you just update us on the scope of your presence there, are you profitable, what level of growth you're achieving, just any general elaboration would be helpful? Thanks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Somewhere in the recent past, we changed the ownership position that we have in the China joint venture from an equity position to a debt position with agreements on a buy and sell arrangements between us and we changed the strategy because what we needed to do to operate in that environment, with us as an equity partner has limited their ability to participate on an equal basis in the marketplace. So, we still have a relationship with them, we are still purchasing product with them, but that's the relationship at this point.
David MacGregor: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh from Stifel. John, your line is now open.
John Baugh: Thank you. Good morning and congratulations on another terrific quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
John Baugh: Could you tell us - you made this comment about orders improving. I am just curious is that a - an inventory pipeline time to refill comment or are you seeing end market demand actually improving and if you could maybe, discuss Jeff, regionally where you are seeing it as well as product wise where you see them? Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Normally, we don't discuss the order side in the piece. We did it this time because the growth rate was a little lower, than we had wanted it to be and we wanted to make sure to understand that going into the next quarter, we are actually seeing the bookings from our customers increasing and going up. We believe that the growth rate is going to strengthen our growth rate, I can't speak for both, our growth rate is going to strengthen in the third period, and the first month that we've been seeing, we're seeing those things, and we think we're confident that it's going to occur going forward. At the same time, last time, we also had this $25 million of sales that were reduced between a combination of plant disruptions and negative FX, which decreased the - a little bit as we go through. And so, we're seeing - so, we believe the businesses will be better. However, the European businesses were actually stronger in the second quarter, and we think those could moderate a little, because it was so strong in the second quarter. I want to remind everybody that our friends in Europe, in August - take August off, so it's always at a lower level and the margins drop - and the sales drop as things go in Europe. We keep trying to get them to work out through August, we're not working - we can't get them to do that. Yes.
John Baugh: If anybody can do it as you can, so just follow on up that, is there - you're saying then the - what you can see is better or but you're sure is that necessarily means, the end markets are better or [indiscernible] Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I can just say that our business is increasing. We also - we believe that we've taken actions that our business should be better than others. I'm not sure, how the home market is going to be versus where we are.
John Baugh: I appreciate that. Good luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Wood from Macquarie Capital. Mike, your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. This is Drew on for Mike. Thanks for taking my questions. So, on LVT, there's no secret, that there's a lot of capacity coming on in the U.S and Mohawk alone is doubling capacity by the end of the year. So, I just wanted to ask what products do you think that the new LVT capacity is going to cannibalize and what products from Mohawk are most at risk?
Frank Boykin: So, the cannibalization within the marketplace. First is, there is a huge amount - I mean, almost all of the LVT is coming in from China as is. So, first is there is going to be a switch between the America sold from China and amount that's made here. The industry today here depending upon whose estimate years is somewhere around $1 billion, $3 billion, $4 billion, it's expected to grow maybe 15%, but it's going to grow $200 million over the next 12 months, so that's occurring, separate from that. So, one is there is the change from where it supplied from on a separate basis, it's taking a little bit from everything, it's coming out of almost every product category where it is. If you say, it's going to grow unlike up something, and you say, it's going to grow $200 million over the next 12 months, that's approximately 1% of the industry. And if you do that the - if the whole industry grows maybe $3 million to $4 million, it's taken about one-third to 25% to 30% of all the growth is what's happening and it's coming from all over. We hope - we think we are going to be the best position in the marketplace with the lowest cost access and ability to deliver the best style and features in the marketplace, we know, we are ahead of everybody else.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks. And then, just on the margins for LVT in the U.S. Is that expanding across all price points or are there major differences between the high-end and the low-end?
Frank Boykin: There are different - and it's more segmented than that. The differences between residential and commercial, this differences between low, medium and high and a different products and different features require to optimize each. They are installed different, as at the low-end you know it could be glued in or laid in, the high-end could be clicked. And the performance features are different, depending upon residential and commercial.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks guys. Nice quarter.
Frank Boykin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Roe Equity Research. Laura your line is now open.
Laura Champine: Thanks. Jeff, the question is about the assets that you're adding in Russia. You said they were to meet demand in 2018. Is that demand that you expect just through your own market share gains or are you actually making a call on a recovery of the end market there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The first is, our present capacities, we're about three years into what I believe into the market decline. The ceramic industry in Russia, my estimate is, it's off about 35% from the peak, so the first thing that happened was the imports coming into Russia declined first. And they headed close to zero if they are not already. In that environment, the imports for supplying, the mid-to-high end part the marketplace. We were positioned in the mid-to-high end part of the marketplace and so we became the best option to replace it. Our business in connection with the rest of our businesses, we can make any product in Russia, you can get for anywhere. So over that time what's happened is, our business has been expanding in the midst of a year to recession that's going on over there. We've also been expanding the - so have expanded the product offering with more style and design at different price points, and we've also been expanding our distribution points. But I don't know if you remember we also have over 300 either owned or franchised retail stores that we put through there as well as our own total national distribution system over there. In addition, because of these things, we're the only company over there that has a consumer brand. So, with all this, we've been running our assets wide open at the moment. This year, we've actually increased the capacity. It's coming on in the fall of this year because we've run out our personal capacity as we speak today and that's coming in over the next, this period we're in right now. And then, the market is really close to looking like it's bottoming soon, so it takes us about almost a year and a half to two years to get new capacity in. So, we've ordered right now in order to be able to sustain the growth after 2017. We have to have some more capacity, so that's what we're ordered and it's coming in. If the market picks up, we know the market is going to pick up somewhere, it's really low from where it is. It's got to pick up. Our distribution has been broadened, so we're really ready for it. And there is a chance we could be a little early or we could do a little late, but I mean we're in a right position. And I think we can push it through the marketplace no matter what.
Laura Champine: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research. Eric, your line is now open.
Eric Bosshard: Thanks. I'm curious for what you see going on in terms of your market share progress as you're adding capacity and adding new product and new designs of interested, but understand a little more about how that's connecting and what's happening with that, with your partners and your retail customers?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that we're doing a little better than the overall market. The target go through, because each of the market is different. Carpet is about the industry this year is about flat in units; however, the dollars are down because of the change to polyester, which is the lower priced product and then the pass-through of the pricing, so the dollars are down even though the units were about flat. In the last quarter, I think we've done a little better than the industry. On the other side of the thing you have products are growing much faster, so laminate is growing faster. I would guess, we're probably growing a little less than the industry in LVP, but I'm not sure, because we've held it up to - we don't want - we've held it up a little bit waiting for our capacity to support it, but it's going to start getting more as we go through. They have ceramic, it's growing relatively well and we're fully participating in it, would grow and we're putting in a new wood plant to folks participate more in it. Our plants have been running full. We've increased the capacity of it coming into this year. So, I think, we're doing well. I think we'll grow more than the marketplace.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. That's helpful. Secondly in terms of you're pretty specific on SG&A, the curious and how we should be thinking about gross margin you had now four quarters of benefit from I think lower input costs, we saw this quarter, I think a little bit less benefit and a little bit less give back on price? But any guidance you could give us and how we should think about the gross margin and/or the price cost environment that we should look forward to?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The margins we're expecting to have higher margins this year over last year in the fall going forward, has built into the estimate that we've given you in the earnings per share. All these investments and things we're doing, are trying to drive the two pieces, which is the top line up and the cost down. And then you hear us, managing the SG&A piece on purpose, we raised the SG&A last fall, and we're going to have to keep tweaking it based on what the market is and what's happening in order to balance our sales with our production expectations. And hopefully, we'll be able to drive that without going - without raising the percentage and driving it down, but we'll have to see how it goes.
Eric Bosshard: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Michael, your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, this is Jason in for Mike. My question is on the organic growth trends in Flooring North America. I know, obviously the growth on an organic basis went to about 1% from 4% last quarter, and I think you highlighted that there was some large customers that postponed product launches, is one of the drivers there. Just wanted to see if that was really the biggest driver of the slow growth or is there anything else to call out?
Jeff Lorberbaum: And then, I know I think you talked about having more of an indication of solid orders in terms of 3Q, just wanted to see what July trends look like in Flooring North America and a better organic growth rate return to the kind of 3% to 4% number you saw over the last few quarters? I think first our belief is that the GDP growth slowed, it was - didn't increase as we had anticipated and the market growth was a little slower. Second is that you have to realize that residential carpet is a huge part of our total business and the average selling prices are negative, and that for all the reasons we've already discussed. We did have large customers in multiple categories push product launches out, but they're still going in. We had some customers actually lowering inventory in the period. And given all those things what we said is that we expect the higher growth in the third quarter and the bookings that are in hand that we've been receiving through July, support that expectation.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. And then just a question on what you're seeing in terms of hardwood volumes in North America, and where do you stand right now from a price cost standpoint relative to [indiscernible]?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We announced a price increase sometime prior to now, with those increases are being implemented as we speak. And there will be put through the marketplace. We have seen from that as the categories, they have to look at it from an engineered wood product and a solid wood product. The solid wood product is under pressure because as the prices has gone up on the solid wood, the engineered price has gotten less and so the engineered capacity is going to continue growing at the expenses of the solid wood is that, I'm guessing that the wood - the total wood volume, if you look at the year we're guessing somewhere in the 3% to 4% range for the industry. And overall for the whole industry and it could be 3% or more, we think the wood piece will be growing at a faster rate in that, maybe 5% to 6%, but then the start - all the growth is going to be in the engineered piece and the solid could be flat or down.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Armstrong from Vertical Research. James, your line is now open.
James Armstrong: Congrats on a good quarter. First question is, have you seen any impact of Brexit on either your business or the M&A potential, and the European market cap?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I have to understand that the - our business in those areas only make up about 1% of our income. So, relative to our whole business, I mean, it's really a small part of it. Part of that, we support what we have here in two ways. One we have local manufacturing and the local manufacturing is in products that don't easily ship and have high freight costs. So, those businesses haven't seen a significant change in anything at this point. The other part we ship from Western Europe into there, we have been - we're in the process of adjusting prices relatively where the pounds have been to get them leveled out. And it's a little early to tell exactly how this whole things going to move forward, but our total business is going to have a significant impact in one way or another?
James Armstrong: Okay. That helps. And switching gears, you talked about the mix shift in carpet in the North American business. Do you think that mix shift will continue into the back half of your or should it rebound more towards the consumer higher margin business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I'm not sure the mix shift you're talking about.
James Armstrong: You talked about more shift to the home - to the new construction market.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. What I said was that there are channels that are doing better. And so as a general piece, new housing is growing much faster than the general market. The - some of that - a lot that new housing is at lower quality level, and at the same time you've seen the multifamily business grow. On average those channels use lower quality product, and when the consumer comes in and purchases it as a remodel piece. So, as those pictures - I don't see those changing in the near term. I'm hoping that the remodel piece will improve as yet it more, but we'll have to see how it goes. On the other side, the other thing that's happening is the builder multi-family channels have moved faster to polyester. So, the different in moving from, when I used to buy nylon the polyester is also impacting the average price in those even more so than the other one.
James Armstrong: Okay. That helps. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Darkats from Raymond James. Sam your line is now open.
Sam Darkats: Good morning, Jeff and Frank. How are you?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Great.
Frank Boykin: Good morning, Sam.
Sam Darkats: Couple of questions, first of there is a piggyback on one of the earlier questioners. I know you mentioned the delays in - in some corporate shipments due to customers reducing inventory. I think you also sided in ceramic tile, there were some delays in the second quarter getting push to the third quarter. Can you estimate what the sales impact of that - I know, you have estimated the plant disruptions, but could you estimate what the shipping delays were because of customer timing?
Jeff Lorberbaum: No. I don't have those to give you in front of me.
Sam Darkats: Was it material?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I would have mentioned if - it didn't impact it.
Sam Darkats: Perfect. Okay. My last question, it's been maybe 12 months or so outside of Xtratherm, that you've made a deal, an acquisition of some significance, trying to get a sense of why that is based on the fact that that you've indicated as a real fertile hunting ground for deals, I'm wondering, if is it a lack of selling interest, is it the fits that you're looking at may not be that great or is it valuation being too high, what's been impediment or the constraint on making deals?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We continue to talk to people and look at various opportunities. We remain disclaimed in our approach with the risk and values. So we apply different risk levels to different businesses depending upon where they're located and what they are and we haven't been able to come to a common agreement with anybody in the last six months, but it doesn't mean, we're not trying.
Frank Boykin: Sam, I would also remind you that many of our acquisitions that we've done over the years have been discussions and negotiations that have gone on for years. Dal-Tile is a good example, IBC is a good example, is a good example, those each were at least two years or three years of ongoing discussions.
Sam Darkats: Helpful. Thank you much. Have a great weekend.
Frank Boykin: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Rednor from Zelman & Associates. Scott your line is now open.
Scott Rednor: Good afternoon. Frank real quick question for you, cash flow from operation year-to-date has essentially doubled from the last year. Just curios if you could talk about the cash conversion in the back of the half of the year, anything unusual on those numbers that we see?
Frank Boykin: No I expect - Scott I expect the cash flow this year to be - continue to be strong as we move into the second half of the year there, we're going continue to see good strong earnings and manage operating - our working capital even with the elevated CapEx. The CapEx, it will be more in the second half and it was in the first half as we go through, but so should the earnings. And then I don't know about acquisitions, whatever shows up.
Scott Rednor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Megan McGrath from MKM Partners. Megan, your line is now open.
Megan McGrath: Thanks, good afternoon. Most of the my questions have been answered. I didn't want to ask you know you go through a lot of the capital projects each quarter, are there any of that - I know it's involved in increasing capacity. I could guess LVT, but I'd love to hear your answer. Where do you think the most acute need is to increase capacity and have you either accelerated plans or reprioritized any in the last couple of months?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yeah I think LVT is the most important one because of the changing marketplace and the opportunity would make it that at the high one. The question about changing plans or not, given our capital structure, which I've spoken about few times up to now, we will have a huge amount of capital available to us. So, if it's a good idea, we're going to support it today as we go through. We have other things that, if you look at the different businesses, my laminate in the United States is running full out, we're importing products from other places, my ceramic, I'm actually importing product from our manufacturing in Italy, Russia and Bulgaria into my ceramic business, as you go through. We mentioned, that my Mexico business, I was selling everything that we were making at this point. My wood business in the United States, as I said, I was building a new plant, because I'm sold up there. I mean, I can go through one of the timely deal, but I mean, the business is running really well and we are adding capacities to support our growth.
Megan McGrath: Thanks. That's helpful. That's all I have.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Susan Maklari from UBS. Susan, your line is now open.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning. Quickly, I'm just wondering, in your comments, you mentioned that your countertop sales are increasing and it sounds like as if perhaps you are gaining some share there, can you just talk about, who you think you are taking that from and maybe what the trends have been there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I forgot how many years ago, we decided the goal into the countertop business. We saw it as an adjunct to our ceramic business, and we've become the largest distributor of countertops in the country. It's a very fractured business as a distribution business with a lot of small people in regional places and because we cover most of the United States, but not all of it, with it, so it's an opportunity to grow our business as a broad distribution company. We've been able to leverage our relationships with ceramic and stone flooring to build a nice business that we have and we see opportunities to expand the position into more distribution and look at the other opportunities within it. There are - for instance, in Europe, there is a porcelain countertop being made similar to ceramic tile, and we're actually putting in capacity, I mentioned earlier, to actually make it in Europe. So once we put that in, which should be sometime next year, we'll start importing it and selling it through our own distribution as it for instance.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you. And then more broadly and you touched a little bit on this in some of your other comments. But can you talk about what you're seeing on the remodel side in general? Has that accelerated at all, and are you seeing any shift in people perhaps taking or choosing some higher margin kind of choices within that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think my best answer is more of the same is that it's okay, but you would normally think it should be really much stronger, given where we are in the cycle and what's going on, but it is what it is.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing comments.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining us. We're optimistic about our position in the marketplace. We believe the market is going to continue doing well, and we think we're well positioned. Have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc. John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Scott Rednor - Zelman & Associates Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Matthew Bouley - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC Megan McGrath - MKM Partners LLC Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Laura E. Starr - Nuveen Asset Management LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Heidi and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, May 6, 2016. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance: Thank you, Heidi. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today, we'll update you on the company's results for the first quarter of 2016 and provide guidance for the second quarter. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include a discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Frank. During the quarter, Mohawk delivered an outstanding performance. Our earnings per share were $2.38, excluding unusual charges, an increase of 40% of the prior year and the highest first quarter earnings per share in the company's history. This is the eighth consecutive quarter in which the company has delivered record adjusted EPS. For the period, our adjusted operating margin rose to a first quarter record of 11.6%, an increase of 200 basis points over the prior year, as a result of acquisitions, volume, productivity and input costs. Revenues grew across all segments, with first quarter net sales increasing 15.5% as reported to $2.2 billion, the highest sales figure we have ever reported for any quarter. All of these results were achieved with one less day in the period than last year. We entered 2016 with an optimistic outlook. And our first quarter results exceeded our projections, with strong results from all three of our segments in both revenues and margins. Our recent acquisitions continue to improve our performance, with the synergies enhancing our existing and acquired businesses, and the lower impact of the U.S. dollar benefited our results. After completing four acquisitions during 2015, we have the capacity to absorb additional opportunities if they become available. Our major capital projects initiated last year are progressing as expected, with: the first production line in our Tennessee ceramic plant now operational; our U.S. LVT production accelerating; the second phase of our European ceramic upgrade now complete. Each of our capital expansion projects creates significant long-term value, adding new revenues by increasing our product offerings and our customer base. Typically, these projects take one to three years to achieve their full benefit. All of these investments could provide higher returns than our acquisitions, though start-up costs impact our immediate results. In 2016, we have identified more opportunities to grow our business and have already approved additional LVT production lines in the U.S. and Europe, the doubling of our Mexican ceramic plant in Central Mexico, the final phase of our European ceramic upgrades and the expansion of our U.S. and European premium laminate production with new technology. We anticipate investing more than $600 million in capital projects this year, and we are assessing further internal opportunity. Similar to 2015, the U.S. economy had a soft start this year, but continues to benefit from solid job creation and low interest rates. Despite sluggish new home starts in March, the National Association of Home Builders affirmed the recovery of the U.S. single home family market. With home prices rising and existing home sales strong, the Harvard LIRA Index is forecasting residential remodeling to accelerate throughout the remainder of the year. An April home improvement survey indicated that half of U.S. homeowners are planning remodeling investments this year, and new flooring was the second most common project being anticipated. The consensus among commercial construction forecasts is for continued growth during 2016, with hospitality and office space sectors leading the category. In Mexico, government spending has benefited the country's construction sector, which continues to drive high ceramic growth. In Europe, the Central Bank's latest round of interest rate reductions and its Asset Purchase Programme are supporting the region's economy. The Russian economy remains in a recession, with continued pressures from low oil prices. In 2016, we're investing in all of these markets to position Mohawk for future growth. Turning to a review of our first quarter performance by segment, our Global Ceramic segment sales were up approximately 8% as reported. On a constant days and currency basis, the segment grew 11%, with the legacy business up almost 9%. Adjusted for operating income for the segment, it rose 18% on a constant currency basis over last year to an operating margin of 13%. Our North American ceramic business, which constitutes the majority of the segment, reflects a strong U.S. market, where U.S. ceramic continues to gain share. Our business through our service centers grew the fastest of all our channels during the period, as we invested more in sales personnel, marketing and new product introductions. Within that channel, the combined American Olean and Marazzi service centers had the highest rate of growth, as our consolidated approach expands our customer base. We're continuing to upgrade our showroom slab warehouses, and aggressively promoting business through user-friendly websites and social media. Throughout our network of almost 300 service centers, we're rolling out paperless sales and operation processes to improve customer service and enhance efficiencies. We continue to expand our independent distributor base, which will improve our penetration in the market. Our new floor and wall tile products are gaining additional placements in the home center channel, as those as retailers place greater emphasis on the category. Our new product innovations in wood and stone looks, as well as smaller shapes, are growing our business and winning industry awards. To support our growth, our new plant in Tennessee initiated production on schedule and the first line is running well. The plant's remaining two lines will be operational between now and August. To satisfy increased demand in the U.S., we are utilizing our worldwide ceramic assets in Mexico, Italy, Bulgaria and Russia to support our domestic production. Our Mexican ceramic business is outpacing the market, and is the fastest-growing part of the segment. Our mix and margins continue to improve as we expand our distribution. The plant we acquired in Western Mexico last year is operating well and continued to improve its productivity and cost position. We're finalizing the expansion plans to double the ceramic plant near Mexico City, with construction beginning in the second quarter. We're continuing to increase our customer base in the market, adding new distributors, expanding home center placements, and increasing our participation in new construction projects. All of our plants in Mexico are improving their productivity and quality, as we introduce larger sizes, as well as specialized shapes. Our European ceramic business continues to improve in line with our plan, with sales growing in the first period. We are increasing our investments in sales personnel, merchandising, retail training and brand advertising to enhance our distribution. The second phase of our equipment upgrades have been installed and is operational, improving our cost and service levels. Additional investments have been approved to modernize the balance of the original assets that we acquired in 2013. We continue to introduce innovative products that will expand our margins, including stone looks, thin and 3-dimensional wall tiles and cement designs. Our KAI acquisition continues to progress, as we enhance the product offering, organization and reporting systems, while expanding sales to Western Europe and the U.S. Our Russian ceramic business continues to outperform the market, which remains challenging, as the economy contracts and investments in real estate decline. Our sales during the first quarter increased on a local basis, while our margins narrowed due to inflation and lower mix. We're introducing many new products and strategically opening owned and franchised stores. We're implementing equipment upgrades to optimize our manufacturing of new sizes. And this fall, a new production line will expand our premium offerings. We continue to approach the market aggressively, which will enhance our position when the Russian economy rebounds. During the quarter, our Flooring North America segment sales were up 7% as reported. On a constant days basis, the segment grew approximately 9%, with legacy sales up 4%. Adjusted operating income for the segment rose 42% over last year to an operating margin of approximately 9%. Our first quarter adjusted profit margin for the segment improved, as a result of process efficiencies, investments in new technology, differentiated new products and cost improvements. Last year, we began expanding our investments in sales personnel and marketing to broaden our distribution in carpet and hard surface products. To optimize their performance, our sales organizations are specialized by both product and channel, and we are supporting them with greater sampling, merchandising, and retail training. Our hard surface products continue to deliver substantial growth as we expand our market share, as consumer flooring preferences shift. Growth in value priced polyester carpet and lower commodity pricing are reducing our average selling prices, as lower raw material costs are reflected in the market. Despite these pricing pressures, the investments we made last year to differentiate our products and reduce our manufacturing costs are improving our margins. As a reflection of our investment and product innovation, Mohawk's new SmartStrand collections won all three major dealer awards at the national trade shows. We continue to build on our strengths in premium residential carpet, with innovative products such as Continuum polyester with odor-eliminating technology and Silk Naturals, which replicates wool with a superior softness, texture and durability. These introductions are being well-received by retailers and should enhance our mix as homeowners seek luxurious softness and improved performance. Our commercial margins improved with the success of our fashionable new product introductions and streamlined manufacturing processes. During the period, our retail hospitality and healthcare channels were the strongest, in line with industry trends. Our commercial carpet tile continues to grow, as we expand our specifications with large end-users as well as increasing our transactional business. We are completing the consolidation of our woven manufacturing into one location, which will improve our efficiencies and deliver better service and quality. During the quarter, our hard surface sales increased across all channels as we leverage our carpet relationships. Our high style laminate collections are outpacing the market as consumers gravitate to realistic visuals, the enhanced texture and unique water-resistant technology. Our engineered wood sales grew substantially in both new home construction and remodeling. Our longer and wider wood planks are being well-received by consumers as a higher value alternative with contemporary styling. We have announced a wood price increase of 6% to 10% effective on May 15. We are increasing sales of our sheet vinyl under our Mohawk brand. Our LVT sales are growing dramatically in both residential and commercial sectors, as we ramp up production at our new U.S. plant. The plant is making significant progress, and its operation should be optimized by the end of the year. LVT remains the fastest-growing flooring product globally. And we are extending our U.S. leadership in the category with the further expansion of our Georgia facility. The additional capacity will be operational at the end of 2017. Our manufacturing plants and all products are improving process efficiencies and quality, as we are implementing equipment upgrades to extend our competitive advantages. To support our business growth, this year we're expanding our capacity in premium laminate, carpet cushion and polyester carpet and rugs. We're adding another shift to our engineered wood plant, and investing in new capacity for longer planks. For the quarter, our Flooring Rest of the World segment sales were up 56% as reported. On a constant days and currency basis, the segment increased 62%, with legacy sales up 4%. Adjusted operating income for the segment rose 70% on a constant currency basis to an operating margin of approximately 17%. The European flooring market is slightly improving, with the LVT and wood categories experiencing the greatest growth. Our laminate and wood business in the region outpaced the market trends due to our emphasis on higher-end product categories that are differentiated. Our laminate sales are outperforming, as our deeply-textured water-resistant collection continues its strong momentum in the market. To meet growing demand for longer products, we're installing additional laminate capacity over the next 12 months to 18 months. We've completed the integration of the IVC business, which is reducing our costs and improving efficiencies. To offset currency changes in a number of European countries, we're implementing laminate price increases. In Russia, we are focusing on the premium laminate market, and our plant is operating near capacity. Our engineered wood sales rose significantly during the period, benefited by expanded sales under our Quick-Step brand and our direct distribution. Our Czech wood plant is operating near capacity, with additional product for the European market being supplied from our Malaysian facility. We anticipate further investments in our wood plant this year to reduce costs and streamline operations. Our material costs during the period were higher, as we increased manufacturing to meet demand, and we will implement price increases to compensate for the effect of raw material inflation. Our sheet vinyl plants are fully utilized in the period, and our margins improved as we increased our residential mix and commercial sales. During April, we experienced a fire at one of our Belgian sheet vinyl plants that will reduce sales in the second quarter by about 3.5 million and income by about 500,000 after the insurance recovery. Our LVT sales are growing substantially, as our new Belgian production expands and we source products to grow even faster. Additional equipment will be installed in the facility in July to substantially increase our production of LVT. Due to the continued strength of LVT around the globe, we anticipate sales will exceed capacity of the two European LVT plants. To meet the higher demand, we have announced plans to further expand our LVT manufacturing in Belgium by the end of 2017 also. Our insulation panel business grew significantly during the period, primarily through the acquisition of Xtratherm, which was completed at the end of last year. We now operate five regional insulation panel facilities in Belgium, France, the UK and Ireland, extending our geographic reach. As we integrate the Xtratherm acquisition, we have realigned our insulation organization and are improving efficiencies through the implementation of best practices. Our boards and roof panel businesses are delivering improved sales and margins as we upgrade the mix and equipment. I'll now turn the call over to Frank to review our financial performance for the period.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $2.172 billion, up 16% from last year or 6% on a legacy basis using constant days and exchange rates. FX was a $26 million headwind in the quarter. We had one less day in the first quarter, and we will have one less day in the third quarter this year compared to last year. We will have one more day in the second quarter and the fourth quarter this year compared to last year. All segments and regions grew, with ceramics showing the strongest performance. Our gross margin as reported was 29.5%, or 29.7% excluding non-recurring charges. That's up 200 basis points compared to 2015 results. Volume, productivity and input costs drove higher margins. SG&A was $393 million, or 18.1% of net sales excluding charges, which is flat with 2015% to net sales. Sales and marketing investments made in the quarter were offset by leverage from higher sales this year. Our investments are benefiting both sales volume and mix for our business. Unusual charges were $7 million in the quarter, and were related primarily to acquisition integration and cost reduction through restructuring activities. We estimate $25 million to $30 million for the full year for these charges. Our operating margin excluding charges was 11.6%. The margin grew in all three segments. And our total margin grew by 200 basis points in the quarter, with volume, productivity and input cost driving improvement. FX impacted our earnings negatively by $3 million. Interest expense at $12 million for the quarter improved due to lower rates after the $254 million 2016 bonds were rolled into our commercial paper program. We estimate our full-year interest to be in the range of $45 million to $47 million. Other expense was $4 million, an increase over last year due to FX transactional adjustments. Our income tax rate was at 25.4%, which is 50 basis points higher than last year. We estimate our full-year tax rate to be in the range of 24.5% to 25.5% for the full year, and slightly over 25% for the second quarter. Our earnings per share excluding charges were $2.38, an increase of 40%. If we move to the segments, the Global Ceramic segment sales as reported were $774 million, which up 8% over last year, and our legacy sales were up 9% on a constant days and FX basis. On a local basis, all regions saw strong year-over-year growth. Our growth was driven primarily by volume and the KAI acquisition. FX in this segment was a $17 million headwind. Operating income margin excluding charges was 13%, up 110 basis points, driven by volume and productivity, which offset SG&A increases and start-up cost. Investments made in SG&A and start-up costs will expand future sales and margins for us. In the Flooring North American segment, sales were $906 million, an increase of 7% as reported. Our legacy sales on a constant days basis grew 4%. Our rise in sales was primarily from hard surface volume growth and the IVC acquisition. Our operating income margin excluding charges was 8.7%. That's an increase of 210 basis points from lower input cost, productivity improvements, and our acquisition. In the Flooring Rest of World segment, sales were $492 million, an increase of 56% as reported, with legacy sales, using constant days and FX, up 4%. Foreign exchange was a $9 million headwind this quarter. The increase resulted primarily from our IVC acquisition. Our operating income margin excluding charges in this segment was 16.7%, an increase of 90 basis points from the acquisition, higher volume, productivity and lower input cost. In the early second quarter, we had a fire in our sheet vinyl plant. The plant is currently running and fully repaired. And we expect our insurance to cover all property and business interruption loss, with the exception of the 500,000 deductible. And then, finally, in our Corporate and eliminations segment, we had an operating loss of $9 million, and we expect a full-year loss of approximately $35 million. Turning to the balance sheet, our receivables were $1.407 billion, with our days' sales outstanding flat at around 52 days, both this year and last year. Our inventories were $1.652 billion, with our inventory days continuing to show strong improvement at 109 days this year compared to 113 days last year. Fixed assets ended the quarter at $3.224 million. And this includes in the first quarter, capital expenditures of $141 million and depreciation and amortization of $100 million. CapEx for the full year is estimated to be between $600 million and $650 million, and our depreciation and amortization is estimated at $400 million for the full year. Our long-term debt ended the quarter at $3.3 billion, and our leverage at 2.1 times debt to pro forma EBITDA. I'll now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Frank. Mohawk delivered another strong quarter during the first period, with all of our segments enhancing their position in the marketplace. In the U.S., increased investments in marketing products and distribution should increase our sales and margins across all product categories. Though growth in Europe is limited and Russia remains in a recession, we're anticipating improving our market share and positioning ourselves for the future. We're investing in our businesses at the highest rate in history, to expand our product offerings, improve efficiency and increase capacity. Our recent acquisitions have been significantly integrated, and our financial leverage has been reduced. So we can pursue additional opportunities as they become available. Taking all these factors into account, our guidance for the second quarter is $3.29 to $3.38, which would represent a 22% to 26% increase over 2015, excluding any restructuring charges. Our first quarter performance reflects the positive impact of the investments we have made in the business over the past three years. The incremental capacity increases planned for this year and next will support additional sales of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion across our businesses. Our unique products, marketing and manufacturing position will enhance our operating results going forward. We'll now be glad to take any questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Susan Maklari from UBS. Please go ahead.
Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning. I'm wondering to start off with if you can talk a little bit more about some of the raw material cost. It seems like some things are working perhaps more in your favor, while others are becoming more of a headwind. Can you just give us some overview on what you're seeing there?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. The biggest changes in raw material are in our North American segment. Presently, the raw materials, we're assuming for the year, are going to remain about stable, given where we see the markets and the flow-through of the costs. Our mix in the cat in this segment is improving, but, at the same time, our average selling prices are coming down. As at the same time, the commodity prices have declined as the industry has passed through the raw material costs. Even with that, our margins are expected to increase from operational improvement and new product initiatives.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance: And I'll just add, because I know it will come up later. For the quarter, in the North American segment, if we look at the first quarter this year compared to first quarter last year, our input costs were a positive $25 million, which includes our raw material benefit, and then our price mix was a negative a $7 million for the quarter.
Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then, as we sort of think about the investments that you're making this year, the $600 million or even higher than that, is that in any way reflective of sort of the pipeline of potential acquisitions that you're seeing? Has anything changed perhaps in terms of the size or the level of opportunities that you're seeing that is kind of causing a shift to more internal investment versus other opportunities?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No. What we were trying to make sure we got across is that: we have absorbed the acquisitions to levels where we're doing normal incremental improvements; that the CapEx, where we've identified more of the normal projects that are in the basis and we're executing those; that the leverage has improved; that low interest rates are enabling financing of additional projects at low rates; and we believe the management and the balance sheet can take on more of both. And we're aggressively looking for them and we didn't want you to get surprised if we found more of them as we go through the year.
Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. The organic growth for the full company over the last year or so, it's substantially higher than we've seen in some time. I know your mix has changed as well. As you look out near-term, is there anything that would cause that to change from this kind of mid-single-digit number we've seen, either positive or negative?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We don't see anything that's going to dramatically change the trend. The investments we're putting in are trying to drive more of it. There's a timing issue between when we put them in and when they actually occur. And then, whatever happens to the markets happens and we'll adjust to it as we see it.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And I guess the follow-up question, on the investments you had referred to, is there any particular projects, you don't even have to name what they are, that are abnormally high in terms of the returns that we would see, kind of a spiky move in margins once they fully ramp in or would it be more consistent?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, listen, I'm going to try to give you a really high level which I gave in the thing I did before, but I'll try to summarize it for you. The $600 million is invested across almost the business. The major projects include a ceramic increase in the U.S. Mexico, Europe and Russia we're increasing capacity in all of the markets. We have plans to expand our LVT, wood, and premium laminate capacity in the U.S. and Europe. And we are expanding our polyester for both our carpet and rugs. I mean, those are the big high-level pieces.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance: Keith, I would just add that I wouldn't expect to see, as you described it, a spike in our margins. I think our margins, as we've said, related to all the activity that's going on in the business, we're going to continue to see them improve in each of the three segments this year compared to last year, but at a slower rate of change than what we saw in 2015.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks very much, guys. Kind of as a follow-up to that second question, or Keith's second question, you all have been doing a tremendous amount of productivity initiatives over the course of the last couple of years. And you made an interesting comment in the release about how typically you would expect to see these projects reach their fullness in one to three years. Given the number of productivity initiatives you have, I was curious if you could comment as to when you think, in aggregate, the projects that you've already undertaken are likely to see their biggest step-up. Was that in 2015? Would it be in 2016 or 2017, as far as you can see today?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: There's no way for me to answer the question. There's so many numerous projects with all kinds of different timeframes in them. So and I'll give you examples on extreme. The new equipment that we're putting into our ceramic business in Europe is replacing old equipment. It's going in. We have trained people to do it. The market is there for it. So we shut down stuff. We put it in almost immediately. And almost immediately, it starts running close to what we expect. On the other extreme, we're putting in an LVT plant that's coming up now. It's new equipment that's never been run. It's new technology that's untested. There are ideas that were put in it that haven't been utilized before. And then, you find out something and it takes you six months or more to get a new piece of equipment to replace whatever idea you had to improve it. And so, it could take a year and a half to get it optimized, or more, and you have all of the above.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance: And I would just add on to that, Steve, that in this first quarter, we had for the total business, about $29 million of productivity. And that includes, like Jeff was saying, large major CapEx projects, but a lot of smaller CapEx projects, and a lot of smaller process improvement types of projects.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: One other thing in optimizing the pieces, depends on what it is and how much capacity, it could take multiple years to utilize the capacity. So not only do you have the learning curve of going through it, it depends on the marketplace and what it is and what kind of step-change we've made in the capacity of the business, and what's going on, in the market.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So synthesizing what you're saying and trying to put it into, I guess, the language of investors, it sounds to me like you've got a number of things which are still playing out. It would certainly seem that, based on what you've said, that the lion's share of the step-up in productivity is likely not behind you, but certainly, in front of you based on the projects that you've currently got running. I mean, that's a safe assessment, right?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That's correct. And then what we said is, we expect the margins this year to be incrementally better, but not at as a high a rate as they were last year. And then at the same time, don't forget as you're investing, there is also incremental inflation going on. Labor rates are going up. Insurance is going up. All these other things you're having the offset take away from it, in addition.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yep.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Start-up, there is a lot of start-up cost every year in the business that you're overcoming.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. Yes, absolutely, I appreciate that. Second question relates to profit margins, in the IVC and Unilin businesses, I don't expect you to get terribly detailed in it, but, based on what we can see it, it seems, based on our triangulation, that IVC appears to be running at better margins in your Rest of World segment than we might have thought. And I was curious as, if you can comment, are you seeing generally similar margins at IVC to the rest of your base business in Rest of World? And if not, what do you think the timing is to sort of reach the mid-teens level that I think you've talked about for IVC in Europe?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So we don't get that granular in the information. The margins with IVC were good when we bought them. The opportunities were to leverage their knowledge in pieces across the rest of the business and to put more investment in the business to grow their different categories. Immediately, they have helped us increase the productivity of our LVT plant in Europe. And you'll hear us that we've already announced to build another one. It'll take a year and a half to get up and going, so most of the opportunity becomes from expanding the business. They were operating fairly efficiently before we got there.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks very much, guys. Keep up the good work.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh from Stifel. Please go ahead.
John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks for taking my questions. Let's see, I guess laminate expansion, I heard it was at the premium end. Given the growth of LVT and I assume the pressure it's putting on laminates, it's impressive to me that you feel you need more capacity. Could you maybe tell us what's going on? I assume that capacity is in Europe and not also in the U.S.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Our business in laminate, as we've always said, it's focused on the mid to high range of the business. Our laminate business is driven by bringing innovation to the marketplace that's differentiated. And we have led the industry in the next generations of innovation for the last 20 years. At this point, we're introducing new products that are higher style that take different equipment to make them. We have a different position in the visual looks as well as the length of planks we're changing as well as water-resistance technology. And for people interested in higher value and the best product in the marketplace, there is nothing to compare with ours. And we are expanding the sales of those businesses, even though laminate's under pressure, the higher end. And with our differentiation, we're gaining share in the marketplaces as those categories expand and people want to have better-looking products.
John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So, as a follow-up to that, Jeff, and I'd also love it if you could comment on units of carpet within residential and commercial, but as a follow-up to that question, are your lower-priced laminate capacity, is that not getting fully utilized or how is that situation? Thank you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm not sure exactly your question, because we really don't participate in the bottom commodity part of the business. Our assets are made to take on complexity and create differentiated looks, not to make commodity products.
John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So you're running your laminate pretty full-out?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We are.
John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Any comment on residential and commercial units in the quarter? Thank you. Carpet.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The industry units I think in the quarter were about flat. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Rednor from Zelman & Associates. Please go ahead.
Scott Rednor - Zelman & Associates: Hi, good morning, Jeff and Frank. Quick question, how fast are your LVT sales growing across the business, since we can't see it with a lot of that in the acquired sales line?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We don't give out granular detail by product. To give you something as a long-term direction, we talked about the investments we have. We have three plants that are some of the biggest and most productive in the world. We're adding two lines to them. When we get all our capacity in, we'll have over $1 billion worth of LVT capacity in our organization, which I don't think there is anybody close to anywhere in the world.
Scott Rednor - Zelman & Associates: Jeff, that would be including the 2017 investments that you alluded to?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That's correct. That's correct.
Scott Rednor - Zelman & Associates: And then, just quickly on Xtratherm, you guys disclosed in the 10-K that it was a $160 million purchase price. Frank, can you give us some guidance around how much sales that asset has and levels of profitability that we should expect?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance: The multiple was about one, a little bit over one times what the selling price was. So, it's just below $200 million.
Scott Rednor - Zelman & Associates: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Wojs from Baird. Please go ahead.
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey, guys. Good morning. I just had a question and then a follow-up. I guess the first question, Jeff, you came into the year pretty optimistic about the industry and the environment. Are you more bullish today than you were a couple months ago about 2016 and 2017?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think we're in the same position. We felt the markets were going to be reasonably good. We thought that our position in the markets were at the best it's ever been. We came in expecting to invest in all the pieces. And I think the biggest change is that these acquisitions take a while to get through and to assimilate in the business. And what you don't want to do is exceed the organization's ability to execute. And so the biggest change is the speed at which the organization has assimilated these things, and I think the organization can take on more than I thought it could six months ago.
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. And then just, Frank, how should we think about the impact to FX now, just given some of the movement in rates for 2016?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance: Well, your guess is as good as ours of what the rates are going to do for the rest of the year, but with the euro at $1.13 or $1.14 right now, that's favorable to last year.
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay, great. Keep up the good work. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Matthew Bouley - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, this is Matthew Bouley on for Mike. Thank you for taking my questions. I just wanted to follow up on the earlier productivity questions. It seems like the productivity gains have been particularly strong in North America and in Ceramic. And you're starting to see some gains come through in Rest of the World as well. So just going forward, how should we think about productivity at a segment level? So, where do you expect to see the greatest gains this year and over the next couple of years? Thanks.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't think we have that detailed information in front of us. I think what we keep explaining is that these investment we've been making aren't to look at. The investments are to increase our productivity. We have very strict strategies about return on investment and hurdles they have to overdo, on one side. On the other side, the margins we're getting is because we're also investing in equipment that allows us to differentiate the products in the marketplace and get higher premiums. We talked already a little bit about the laminate business. We're investing in our older equipment in our ceramic business to make bigger sizes and smaller sizes, which most of our competitors don't have the capability. And so, these investments are helping the mix, as well as the costs in all the different categories. And again, like I said, if we can find more of them, we'll do them.
Matthew Bouley - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. Okay. Thank you. And then, just on the repair and remodel market in the U.S., just curious how you saw R&R play out during the quarter. So, if you saw an acceleration in the market and into April or if you've seen things maybe moderate a little as we exited the quarter? Thanks.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's still the slowest part of the different channels. The new construction and the commercial were better. Everything we read tells us that the consumers' going to spend more money on remodeling this year than before, all the projections we're seeing from others. We have not seen a huge upswing from the historical trends. We're still seeing the same trends we saw in the past quarters, but there is the potential that they improve significantly. And we would sure enjoy it, if it happened.
Matthew Bouley - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. Okay. Thank you, and good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yeah. Thanks and congrats on a good quarter, Jeff.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Just a question with respect to the commercial markets, what would commercial represent as a percentage of each of your three reporting segments? And can you talk about what kind of growth you experienced in the first quarter in each?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't have that detail here either. Off the top of my head, I would think that the ceramic business has the highest percentage of commercial in the segment. It would be the highest. And the lowest would be the laminate and wood businesses in that segment, because they tend to have limited amounts in the commercial business in both categories, which would leave the carpet business somewhere in between.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Once upon a time, your ceramic was about 40% commercial, but since Marazzi and everything else have come into the mix, would it still be at around that level or?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would guess it would still be in that area.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yeah, okay. And then, just a follow-up question, just you talked earlier about having fairly disciplined return on investment and hurtle rates with respect to internal reinvestment...
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And acquisitions.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: And acquisitions, sure. I guess a lot of focus on your growth by acquisition, how that eventually becomes an organic growth driver, but as you invest CapEx back into your business, are the returns improving over the past few years or are they reflecting the pressure of the more global competitive situation?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Most of our internal investments, when fully executed, tend to be between two and four years. And most of the acquisitions tend to be more in the five year plus or minus ranges.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Your model's become so much more global over the last few years, I'm just wondering if that impacts your hurdle rates and your ROI discipline, just because it's a more competitive situation, I would guess. What's trending there?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Are you talking about for acquisitions?
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Acquisitions and I guess I was approaching this at a higher level, acquisitions and internal reinvestment.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Our internal reinvestments, if they don't meet our hurdle rates, we won't invest in them unless it's something you have to have just to maintain the business. And so we have processes that we go through that say if they don't reach these rates, we're not going to utilize our money to go after it and find something else  and tends to be the fastest things are replacing existing equipment, because the risks are very low and you know that they're going to operate at fairly high levels as soon as you do them. On the other extreme, probably the difference between putting in new capacity in new product categories and something you own, what happens is it takes a longer time to build up the sales on the front-end, so you have the cost and the learning curve on the front-end without enough volume. So those tend to be a little longer, but the difference is the returns in the first year or two are lower, but when you get out to year five and six, they're much higher than the acquisitions as you go through. And then the acquisitions are all over the place. If you buy a really good business, you're going to have lower returns. If you buy one that's in difficulty, you're supposed to have better returns as you change the strategies within the business.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group. Please go ahead.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions today. The first, just pulling the string again on acquisitions and particularly in the ceramic business, you're moving from the floor to more applications on the tile. As you move up the value chain in terms of building products, as you expand your total product line, what is your openness to go beyond just the walls, but even to look at other product categories that are tangential or adjacencies to help fuel additional growth?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I mean, we've already done it in multiple occasions. For instance, we're one of the largest countertop distributors in the country today. And we got into it because we started out with ceramic flooring. Then we went to stone flooring, then the next adjacency over was stone countertops. Hence, we moved into it. So, the countertop business is an adjacency we've already moved into. We get the largest benefit out of buying things that are in the categories we're in that we can leverage our knowledge and marketing and distribution across the new business, and we get the least synergies out of going into something that's brand new. As we get further from where we are and we've done it when we moved from carpet to ceramic or ceramic to laminate or laminate to vinyl, what you see is, that when you see us move into the categories, we normally start by buying the best competitor in the marketplace. And the reason is we're buying the knowledge of the category as well as the business. And we start with the best. And then what we try to do it is feed it additional capital and try to see if there is other synergies between how we operate businesses, the information systems, the methodologies. And those things create more benefit. And then, as long as we're staying in things that go through the same customers and channels, we can actually pull their products into our channels and vice versa as we go through. The extent past there is going into totally new geographies. And we've gone into them both ways. We've gone into them Greenfield. And we've gone into them by buying what we perceive to be typically best-of-class in the category, too. On the other hand, we break our own rules. When we got Marazzi, we got a ceramic business in Europe that was performing horribly. And we put in a new management group in that and made that work. So, I think the only thing you can say about our strategy is we have the capacity to work in all types of environments.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: And taking it one step further, if you were to look two to three years out, and given the remarkable progress you've made in the previous, say, three years, but looking three years out, what percentage of your sales would you believe will be to flooring and the balance being to essentially all other categories? And how does that differ from today?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're beyond my known horizon. I can tell you that if I can find enough things to invest and the things that I have is core knowledge basis, I would prefer that over others. For me to go into the other ones, something that we don't know, we're going to have to find the right candidate that gives us the right knowledge base, and we have to be a strong base in what we do to do that, we would consider it.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Megan McGrath from MKM Partners. Please go ahead.
Megan McGrath - MKM Partners LLC: Good morning. Just a quick follow-up on some sales and marketing investments, especially in the North American market, just wanted to get a sense, obviously,, on the sales side, those are more longer-term investments, but on marketing, how should we think of that? Are these more sort of one-time short-term investments in marketing or should we think about a higher overall level of marketing spend over the next year or so?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The biggest pieces of them are in expanding the sales force in order to get to more customers. And up until the point we said that our goal was to increase the margins and we were getting leverage out of it, we said last year, we're going to move from driving leveraging it to increase the margins to driving expansion, which we said we were going to do through expanding the sales forces, putting more investments in samples, putting more investments in displays in stores, and putting out more product categories and more differentiated products, which we would believe should help our business, margins, and market shares.
Megan McGrath - MKM Partners LLC: Okay, okay. And then, just a quick follow-up on that, you've talked in previous calls about, specifically about expanding their Pergo brand into different categories. I think I've seen it at some of the big box stores. Where are you in that process? And how are you feeling about how it's going?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're actually in the middle of expanding Pergo into the LVT and to laminate and engineered wood in different categories. And then we are looking at finding the right partners and distribution channels to do that, and we're at various stages throughout the year in implementing those things.
Megan McGrath - MKM Partners LLC: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question....
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Just to make a note, Pergo is the most known brand in the flooring industry. So utilizing it and optimizing it across different product categories, we think is a big opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Good morning. Thanks. The first question I had was just on the overall outlook as it's coming together for demand for 2016. Jeff, you mentioned in your opening remarks that first quarter has exceeded expectations and also pointing to perhaps the potential for repair remodel in the U.S. to accelerate in the back half. So I was wondering if you could kind of give us a sense of how that kind of impacts your outlook for organic growth for the company for the full year. I mean, at this point, obviously, doing 6% organic on an adjusted basis is very, very solid. Would that type of organic growth, should we expect for that to continue throughout the rest of the year?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Listen, you're clever. You're trying to get to give you future estimates beyond the one quarter I gave you. I think that we're going to see a good year in the category. We've said that we think that it's going to be the trends of the industry will be similar to last year. You said it right. The biggest opportunity is for the remodeling business to increase, because the big upside there is not only is it more volume, the mix of the products are higher and they're higher margin. So, those are opportunities to go there. I think all things are in place to increase our mix, our margins as we go through. And I think what we've said is we anticipate the incremental increase in margins to be slightly less than they were last year. It gets harder and harder to keep pushing up the margins. And the sales we'll get to see with you when they happen.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No. I appreciate that. And second question, just on the investments, a lot of discussion around that, but when you talk about, again, just so I understand it fully, the $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion that you expect to realize over the next three years, so I guess I'm thinking 2017 through 2019, is there a way to think about that amount of sales relative to just supporting your ability to grow with the market versus market share gains? In other words, given that you're at capacity in different of your plants, it sounds like part of this is just needed to meet the market growth itself. So, any kind of help on that $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion around what's, in other words, supporting the just natural market growth versus what might be thought of as in terms of share gains would be very helpful.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm not sure I have an answer that's easy for you. I mean, you're right. At the size we're at, 5% of $8 billion is $400 million to grow 5% a year. We're putting in capacity for multiple years as well as going into new product categories, which takes further. So, I mean, if you say you're going to grow at these rates for time, it requires these investments to do it, and we're putting them in ahead in order to support it. How much we're going to take in share or not, I don't really know how to answer the question.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Maybe we'll circle back on that later. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jane (sic) [James] Armstrong from Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. First one is on the market share of LVT in general, what do you think the market share of LVT, as a percentage of total floor, has grown to and what do you think the trend is in the next few years?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, we're talking in the U.S. market. In the U.S...
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: U.S. and globally, yeah.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm not sure I know all those numbers off the top of my head. I think in the U.S., it's probably in the 7%, 8% range today. We think it's going to grow mid-teens as a category. So, the 7% or 8% in dollars would be about $1.4 billion maybe today. And you can figure $200 million a year, 15% give or take. So there is a lot of requirements as it's growing. The difference in it and laminate, for instance, it's in every market and every category where laminate wasn't. And we'll get to see how far it grows over time. As you can tell from our position, we think we have leading technology in the manufacturing of it. We think we have unique knowledge in the style and design of it, which we get from both our ceramic and laminate and wood businesses that we already have. And so, we're positioning ourselves to be a leader in it.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. That helps a lot. And then, switching gears, you talked about picking up market share in Russia and that should help when the market over there improves. What do you think your market share in Russia has grown to, and what do you think it can do in the next few years as well?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let's see. I think the Russian market has probably declined 35% in total since the thing started down. Our business is up, and so we're taking share from somebody. Some of it's coming from imported products that have gotten close to disappearing from the marketplace, which at one point were a large part. I would guess our share is probably somewhere in the 15% share as we start. Our strategy in Russia is we are focused on the mid to high end part of the marketplace. We have the only brand in Russia. We have owned distribution across Russia. We have about 300 and something franchise stores across Russia, which we own about 15%, 20% of. So we're well-positioned in the high end part of the marketplace, and we think we can keep exploiting it. We're basically running all our capacity. And then we're putting in new capacity this year that actually makes a higher level of product that historically would have come out of Italy. And our intention is to become the premium supplier of it. And that's where we are. And we think it is a good opportunity if the market ever turns around, we'll be in really good shape. And the negative at the time, though, is our margins are declining as we're driving our business through the market.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research Company. Please go ahead.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: In terms of the SG&A investment, the sales force and the sample investment that you're making, I think SG&A was flat as a percentage of sales for this last quarter. As we move forward, how should we expect that to perform, both in terms of how you're strategically managing it and how the timing of the investments lines up?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: What you see is the total. So what you're really seeing is higher investments in certain categories offset by continued leverage in other ones. So presently, it's about flat. As we go through the year, you should see some improvement in it, even though we've been increasing others. So we expect the investments to level out and get some benefit from them as we go through the year, but you still have large parts of the business that are decreasing those costs as a percent of sales.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: In a similar vein, as you think about start-up costs for the capacity adds, where are we in that continuum? Does that number increase and then level off or is the 1Q representative of sort of what the peak of that might look like?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think...
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: I'm thinking about how that impacts the margin of the business.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let's see. I think this year, the start-up costs in the first quarter were around $10 million.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance: $10 million in the first quarter and we could see $25 million to $30 million for the full year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: This year.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance: And we'll have more start-up costs in next year as well.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. And then lastly, just to circle back on revenue, the payback from these investments you've talked about is to sustain or drive revenue growth. As you look at where you are now and where you've been, are these investments to sustain the current rate of growth or to create incremental growth versus where you are now?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes in both, in all categories. So let's talk about when my ceramic business in North America. I am selling basically all I can make. I am supplementing it with product out of my other manufacturing regions. We have a new plant coming up. And so we think that the ceramic industry could grow this year in North America 5%, 6%, could be more or less. And it takes about a year and a half from the time you start the project to get the capacity up. So what you see is our investments are supporting the things a year, a year and a half out or more. If we don't invest now, we won't have it then.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. My question's been answered. Everything was crystal clear. Thanks very much.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Starr from Nuveen Asset Management. Please go ahead.
Laura E. Starr - Nuveen Asset Management LLC: Hi. How are you? You answered a question earlier about those adjacency businesses, the non-flooring, whether it's wall or countertop businesses are growing. And I actually just had a question sort of on the wall surface businesses. I know that's growing very nicely. Is that all in the tile business or are there wall surfaces that are actually engineered surfaces? And where is the demand coming from mostly? Is it a consumer demand? Is it commercial demand, hospitality, office, healthcare, if you could just give a little bit more information on that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The business that we're putting on the wall is mostly ceramic tile. And ceramic wall tile is expanding. There is a trend in the marketplace to put decorative walls using various surfaces from wood, to laminate, to ceramic on the walls as we go through. It's a trend that's just starting. We think it's going to continue expanding. And we're trying to figure out how to push the strategy even faster with people decorating the pieces in there. There are some new technologies in ceramic to make really large wall spaces out of ceramic, for instance, could be a new opportunity down the road. Any of the product categories we make could be used as decorative pieces, but not as coverings over 100% of the walls.
Laura E. Starr - Nuveen Asset Management LLC: And in commercial versus consumer right now or where do you think it's going?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think it's going everywhere.
Laura E. Starr - Nuveen Asset Management LLC: Okay. And then, this decorative stuff, that's obviously going to be a much higher margin, right, versus just plain old tile on the floor?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It will be. When you start getting to create new markets and new things, they take a while to mature. So, when you go into new products, it doesn't happen overnight.
Laura E. Starr - Nuveen Asset Management LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We had a good quarter. We think we're well-positioned for the future. And we are trying to take advantage of all the opportunities we can identify. And we appreciate you joining us. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Ryan Hunter - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Brandon Roll - Longbow Research LLC Scott Rednor - Zelman & Associates Susan M. Maklari - UBS Securities LLC Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc. Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Josh K. Chan - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good morning. My name is Heidi and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, February 26, 2016. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today, we'll update you on the company's results for the fourth quarter of 2015 and provide guidance for the first quarter of 2016. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Frank. First, I'll begin with a review of our results for the past year. We delivered record annual sales of $8.1 billion, growing 10% on a constant exchange basis and record adjusted earnings per share of $10.20. Our adjusted operating income exceeded $1 billion and improved 26% compared to 2014. Last year, we achieved record earnings per share in each quarter with about 30% of our business outside the United States, where we face significant foreign exchange headwinds. If adjusted for exchange rate changes, our 2015 net sales would have been $490 million higher, an impact of approximately 6%, and our operating income would have been $74 million higher, a 9% impact. Our strong performance was a result of aggressive growth strategy and targeted investments we began in 2013, as the economic recovery gained momentum. Since that time, we've invested almost $5 billion, of which about $3.5 billion was in nine acquisitions to expand our products, geographies and market share, and about $1.5 billion was in our existing businesses to introduce innovative products, enhance manufacturing efficiencies and expand our capability. While making these investments for future growth, we improved our balance sheet and reduced our leverage, enabling us to optimize our returns. We remain optimistic about 2016 and we will invest an additional $600 million to $650 million in internal projects this year, which include increased ceramic capacity and upgrades in our U.S., Mexico, Europe and Russia, process improvements in carpet manufacturing, additional LVT manufacturing in the U.S. and Europe, increased wood production in the U.S and Europe, and installation of advanced technology in our laminate businesses. During 2015, we changed our organizational structure to create three segments: Global Ceramic, Flooring North America, and Flooring Rest of the World. This restructuring has enabled us to optimize our assets, leverage our customer relationships and transfer best practices to minimize  to maximize our profitability. By fostering greater interaction between our teams, we delivered innovative new products, increased collaboration among our sales groups, and improved productivity and costs across our global organization. Last year, as a result of continuous improvement, we closed all or part of 13 plants and warehouses across the enterprise to streamline the business. Over the past year, we completed four acquisitions. The IVC Group is a major, fully integrated, vinyl flooring manufacturer that provides Mohawk with leading positions in the U.S. and Europe in both sheet vinyl and luxury tile. KAI extended our leading position in ceramic tile into Eastern Europe. The acquisition of a ceramic plant in Northwest Mexico provided a new supply strategy, giving us advantages in the Western U.S. and Mexico. In the fourth quarter, we acquired three plants to expand our European insulation board business. In 2015, to support future growth, we expanded our capacities in ceramic tile, polyester carpet, LVT and premium laminates. In our higher growth products and geographies, we increased investment in new product samples and merchandising systems as well as sales personnel to increase our market penetration. Our results reflect the great work of a deep and talented management team that concurrently executed complex initiatives across multiple product categories and geographies. Despite some moderation in the U.S. economy during the fourth quarter, we're entering 2016 with cautious optimism, based on a number of leading indicators including: a healthy consumer with rising household spending, low gasoline prices and improving unemployment rate. With mortgage rates remaining at historic lows, 2015 existing home sales rose more than 6% year over year. The National Association of Home Builders reported that new single-family home construction rose last year to the highest level since 2007, with expectations for continued gains in 2016. Rising home values accelerated housing turnover and the aging of the country's residential infrastructure will continue to affect home improvement investments, which Harvard's LIRA index predicts will surpass the previous peak of 2006. The American Institute of Architects correctly predicted solid growth in commercial construction in 2015 and forecasts continued commercial growth in 2016 with hotel and office space leading the category. Low oil prices are expected to keep the Russian economy in recession through 2016. The Mexican economy is benefiting from low unemployment, strong consumer activity from government  and government reforms that are improving the construction in the country. The European Central Bank's quantitative easing program is providing stimulus for growth in the region and most economists are predicting modest gains for the euro zone in 2016. Turning to our fourth quarter performance, our record adjusted earnings per share rose 24% to $2.82, even as we increased investments to improve future results. This represents our seventh consecutive quarter with record adjusted earnings per share. Our net sales of $2.0 billion were a record in the period and represent an increase of 13% on a constant exchange rate basis and same days basis. Our adjusted quarterly operating income margin rose to 14% of sales, an increase of 260 basis points due to productivity, volume and lower costs. Every segment delivered sales growth on a comparable basis, while also expanding margins. I'll now review the fourth quarter performance by segment. Our Global Ceramic segment net sales adjusted for currency translation and days rose 7% with adjusted operating income up 14% on a constant exchange rate basis. We continue to reap the benefits of Marazzi and KAI acquisitions. The combined R&D of our worldwide ceramic business has dramatically enhanced our style leadership, product technology and process enhancements. In addition, we're using our Italian, Bulgarian, Russian and Mexican ceramic capacity to support sales in the United States market. Our North American business makes up the majority of our ceramics segment. In the U.S. market, new home construction represented the most robust channel during the quarter, followed by commercial and residential remodeling. Our margins increased during the period, as we improved our mix, enhanced our productivity and leveraged our overhead. We increased our sales investments to improve our market position by increasing service centers, expanding our sales personnel and upgrading our distribution. Our ceramic statements program, a store-within-a-store concept, has grown to include 215 of our country's largest dealers and enhancing their sales and margins. We continue to improve our position in the home center channel, with greater commitments for both floor and wall tile. Our American Olean and Marazzi brands are growing sales through partnerships with leading independent distributors and through our own cobranded service centers in markets without strong partners. We're increasing our product mix, as we introduced higher-style products in larger sizes, planks, stone look, hexagons and bricks. We also are introducing large and small wall tiles, with unique surface structures, which are now used as focal points in all areas of the home. We've made significant progress in realigning our plants and production lines to specialize in different products, optimizing our productivity and service. Our new Tennessee porcelain plant is in the final stages of construction and should start up within the quarter. There will be three new kilns which begin production during 2016 and we expect to fully benefit from these by 2017. The new plants will enhance our premium offering and replace products that we've historically imported, improving our service and costs. We've integrated the ceramic plant we acquired in Western Mexico and have improved its capacity and cost structures. Shipping from the facility should provide us advantages within the Western part of the U.S. and Mexico. The Mexican economy is doing well and the ceramic industry there grew by more than 15% in 2015. Due to the investments we made in Salamanca in 2012, we've been able to outpace market growth. We've dramatically expanded our product offering at all price points and have improved our margin and mix as we increased our market share. To continue this progress, we're planning to increase the capacity of our Salamanca plant to greater participate in the Central Mexico region, that makes up 60% of the total market. Our European ceramic sales have been growing in a lackluster market. Our product mix has improved as we introduced uniquely-styled products and expanded on our margins. We have successfully enhanced our product offering and we're now expanding our sales force, introducing new merchandising and escalating our retail sales training. We anticipate completing the second phase of our equipment upgrades by the second quarter, which will further enhance our product offering and improve our cost structure. The third phase of equipment upgrades will begin the end of this year, and complete our major investments to modernize the Marazzi assets we acquired in 2013. The optimization of our Bulgarian ceramic operation continues with a focus on improving our product offering. We have a strong management team in Bulgaria that is enhancing our internal processes and manufacturing methods. We're improving our mix by increasing the use of digital designs in larger sizes, implementing more automation and supplying product to the U.S., Eastern Europe and other international markets. In Russia, we gained market share in the period as sales increased and margins compressed. Our comparisons in the fourth quarter and first quarter will be difficult due to consumers accelerating purchases a year ago. We have outperformed the market due to our strong brand position, new styles in larger and smaller sizes and increased distribution in both the remodeling and new construction channels. We're expanding our porcelain capacity, which was fully utilized last year. Our North America segment net sales were up 6% on an adjusted days basis, with adjusted operating earnings expanding 31%. All of our product categories contributed to our growing profitability, and we are well positioned in each product category to take advantage of an improving U.S. market. The carpet industry's growth remains slower than the hard surface categories. Our profitability continues to increase, even though carpet sales were softer and pricing was impacted by price and mix pressure. We've taken many actions to optimize our business profitability, which is expanding with the business cycle. Our builders and multi-family residential business continue to outperform the remodeling channel. Sales of our premium carpet products, including our luxury Karastan brand and SmartStrand product collections, grew during the period. We continued to introduce differentiated products with our SmartStrand Silk Naturals collection, which replicates the appearance of wool with superior softness, texture and performance. We further extended our SmartStrand family with our all new, All Pet Protection, which enhances  which has enhancements for cleaning up accidents. This collection was voted by retailers as the most innovative flooring product in the industry at the recent show in Las Vegas. We also enhanced our Continuum recycled polyester by introducing Forever Fresh carpets with odor-eliminating technology, which gives consumers another reason to trade up to Mohawk. We're continuing the expansion of our sales teams, as well as increasing their specialization to maximize our participation in each end market. Our commercial margins continue to improve as a result of our new product introduction, streamlined manufacturing and plant consolidations. Our carpet tile sales are increasing as the market continues to expand and sales of our Duracolor-branded products are increasing through their premium performance characteristics. We've expanded the shapes and sizes of our carpet tiles and we've introduced new collections with cushion that improves comfort and reduces noise. To extend our participation of value-oriented commercial carpet, we launched new collections made with our exclusive recycled Continuum polyester. Our corporate operations continue the simplifications of our raw material components of manufacturing. Last year, we closed 10 plants and warehouses and several production lines. All of these actions are contributing to the improvement of our costs as well as the enhancement of our efficiency, quality and service levels. Our rug business continues to outperform the overall segment. Our new product innovation is creating more fashionable accent rugs made with our exclusive fibers, providing softer characteristics with greater value. We're entering new rug categories including commercial and residential utility mats and flat-woven outdoor rugs. Our North American laminate and wood business continues to improve as we enhance the differentiation of our products. We're expanding our new impressive laminate collection, which provides stylized looks, unachievable and natural wood. We're increasing our laminate production with new technology to support these unique features. In addition to our best-in-class innovation, we also extended our design leadership by introducing newer, longer and wider planks in both laminate and wood collections. Our engineered wood sales continue to grow and we're planning new investments to support increased demand. We are launching unique Pergo-branded collections in wood, laminate and LVT into the specialty retail channel to leverage one of the most recognized consumer brands in the flooring industry. The new Pergo products were debuted at the recent industry show and were enthusiastically received by the retail community. The reorganization of our U.S. vinyl business has been completed with the former IVC management team directing the product offering and marketing strategies for all of our vinyl products and brands. Our IVC vinyl sales are performing as planned and we are introducing sheet vinyl and LVT products into our Mohawk brands from our U.S. facilities. Our new LVT plant continues to improve in performance with increased production. We anticipate that the present production line will be operating at planned levels by the end of the year. LVT continues to take share in the U.S. flooring market as sales of the category expand across all channels and end uses. Our sales trends anticipate full utilization of our current LVT capacity, and we have announced investments to further increase our production and expand our product offering. We're also expanding our sheet vinyl business across other brands and leveraging our customer relationships to increase our market penetration. We're continuing to ramp up our Mohawk-branded sheet vinyl sales in builder, multi-family and retail markets, and we're developing new products to extend our sheet vinyl further into the commercial channel. Our Flooring North America segment has made progress in expanding our brands and customer relationships, expanding our style and design, transferring innovative manufacturing practices and utilizing the Mohawk distribution for all products. During the period, both sales and margins in our Flooring Rest of World segment rose dramatically in a muted economic environment due to improved results and the IVC acquisition. Our local  on a local basis, adjusted for days, net sales for the segment increased 41%. Adjusted operating income was 59% up on a constant exchange rate basis. The leadership for the Flooring Rest of World segment has been reorganized to leverage sales, manufacturing and product management for the entire organization. Our new vinyl business is being holistically managed to optimize our asset distribution and best practices across the segment. Our laminate and wood business in Europe outperformed the market as a result of our focus on differentiated products at mid-end to high-end price points. Where we operate direct distribution, it has enhanced our market share and increased our penetration. We continue to expand our latest embossing technology, which creates more realistic visuals. We will further extend this technology in new larger plank to be launched later this year. To meet the growing demand, we're installing additional capacity this year. Our European wood sales are growing quickly, and we are taking market share. The Czech wood plant we acquired two years ago is operating near capacity, with the balance of our product needs coming from our Malaysian facility. We're planning to expand our engineered wood capacity in the Czech Republic. The legacy IDC vinyl business is reaching full capacity. In sheet vinyl and LVT, we're achieving some capacity increases through process improvements. The new LVT plant in Belgium is operating well and the sales are developing better than planned. This plant is temporarily constrained by manufacturing limitations, which will be addressed with additional equipment, increasing the capacity by 40% in the middle of this year. To meet current demand, we're importing LVT to supplement our present capacity, and we're planning further investments to add a new LVT production line. We are continuing to develop new products in anticipation of these increased capabilities. Our insulation business had record sales this year. We continue to enhance our distribution and manufacturing capabilities, including the addition of another production shift at our plant in France. At the end of the quarter, we finalized the acquisition of three insulation board plants in Ireland, the UK and Belgium to expand our offering and geographic footprint. Our management structure has already been reorganized and we're identifying opportunities to enhance all the operations. Our other board product sales were up slightly, with margins improving for mix, asset upgrades and plant consolidations. I'll now turn the call over to Frank to review our financial performance for the period.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $1,998 million, up 2%, as reported. During the fourth quarter of 2015, we had four fewer days than we had in the fourth quarter of last year. Our constant FX  on a constant FX and days basis, our sales grew 13%, or 4% excluding acquisitions. Foreign exchange reduced sales $86 million compared to last year. All segments grew on a legacy basis using a constant exchange rate and days. Acquisitions and volume increases were the primary drivers. Our gross margin was 31.1%, as reported. Excluding charges, the margin was 31.9%, up 360 basis points from last year. Higher volume, productivity and lower raw materials were the biggest contributors to this increase. Our SG&A, as reported, was $373 million or 18.7% of sales. Excluding charges, SG&A was 18% of net sales, up from 17% last year. Fewer days in the quarter and investments back into SG&A moved the percent up from last year. Our focus on investments allowed for better sales growth as well as improved mix in the quarter. We anticipate the SG&A percentage improving to a lower number in 2016 as we leverage spending against sales growth. Unusual charges for the quarter were $28 million, with approximately $20 million associated with our acquisitions. The balance was due to restructuring actions in the North American Flooring segment. For the full year, we had $212 million in non-recurring expense, with $122 million of that related to a legal settlement, which, by the way, we believe was extortion, $70 million for acquisitions and $17 million for restructuring of existing businesses. Of the acquisition costs, $8 million were for M&A fees, $14 million were for inventory step ups related to purchase accounting and $48 million for plant closures, manufacturing consolidations, administrative reductions and system upgrades, all to improve profitability. Our operating margin for the quarter was 13.9%, up 260 basis points and our operating income would have been $12 million higher, using a constant exchange rate. Interest expense was $18 million and showed improvement this year due to a premium paid last year on the early redemption of some of our bonds. Other expense was $12 million and includes a charge for unwinding an $11 million indemnification receivable recorded in the IVC purchase accounting earlier in the year. There is also an offsetting $11 million benefit included in tax expense, as reported, as related liability was unwound. The income tax rate excluding unusual items for the quarter was 18.7%, compares to a 19% rate last year. We expect the first quarter rate in this year to be 25% and the full year rate for 2016 to be between 24.5% and 25.5%. And I'll remind you that our rate fluctuates by quarter depending upon timing for certain tax deductions. Our earnings per share, excluding charges, was $2.82, which represents an increase of 24% over last year. Turning to the segments, in the Global Ceramics segment, sales were $712 million, down 4%, as reported. Using a constant exchange rate and days for our legacy business, it was up 4%. FX was a $45 million headwind in the quarter for this segment. All regions are up on a constant currency and days basis. Our operating income margin, excluding charges, was 13%. This expanded 150 basis points over last year. And operating income would have been $5 million higher using constant exchange rates. Productivity and improving mix were the biggest drivers of this increase. In the Flooring North American segment, sales were $880 million. They were flat, as reported, but increased by 3% on a constant days basis for the legacy business. Hard surface products grew at a faster rate than soft surface. Our operating income margin, excluding charges, was 14.2%. That is up 340 basis points from last year, with productivity and input costs the biggest contributors to the improvement, partially offset by price and mix. Our team continues to produce better results through continuous improvements in innovative products. In the Flooring Rest of World segment, sales were $407 million, up 22% as reported, or up 7% using constant exchange rate and days for our legacy business. This was unusually high due to laminate, wood, LVT and intellectual property sales, which we do not believe will continue into next year. FX was a $42 million impact on revenues during the quarter. Our wood and vinyl flooring products both had strong quarters and we believe they outperformed the industry. Our operating income margin, excluding charges, was 16.4%, up 240 basis points from last year. And operating income would have been $7 million higher using a constant exchange rate. Volume, productivity and input costs were the biggest drivers of growth here. In 2015, we had operating income from our patents, which was $130 million, and was higher than last year due to payments for past due fees. We expect 2016 to be 5% to 10% lower. After June 2017, when the Uniclic patents expire, we estimate annualized operating income of $30 million to $35 million from other patents. In addition, over the next few years, we'll benefit from internal investments, both current and future acquisitions and lower interest costs. So if we turn to the balance sheet, receivables ended the year at $1.3 million with days sales outstanding at 55 days compared to 54 days last year. These days in the current year were slightly impacted by change in channel mix. Inventories ended the year at $1.6 billion. Our inventory days continued to show strong improvement at 112 days for the quarter compared to last year's 116 days. Fixed assets were $3.1 billion and includes fourth quarter capital expenditures of $152 million and depreciation and amortization of $94 million. Capital expenditure for the full year were $504 million, with D&A of $363 million. We estimate $600 million to $650 million of CapEx for 2016 with depreciation and amortization estimated at $400 million for 2016. Long-term debt was $3.2 billion at the end of the year. Our leverage ended the year at 2.1 times debt to EBITDA on a pro forma basis. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Jeff for concluding remarks.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: 2015 was the best year in Mohawk's history and we expect the momentum to continue this year. We anticipate that the demand trends in our U.S. and international markets will remain consistent with what we've been experiencing. Though growth in Europe is limited and negative in Russia, our international businesses are delivering solid results on a local basis. Our sales and margins should continue to improve over last year as a result of our continued innovations, process improvements and disciplined execution. Our recent acquisitions are progressing with operational market synergy as we anticipated. This year, we will increase investments in our existing businesses to optimize our long-term performance. Taking these factors into account, our guidance for the first quarter is $2.24 to $2.33 per share; that would be a 32% to 37% increase over 2015, excluding any restructuring charges. We have taken many actions to outperform the industry in each of our products and geographies over the past few years and will continue to benefit from those strategies this year. In 2016, we will continue to execute creative product ideas, along with substantial investments to optimize our long-term results. We'll now be glad to answer any questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Mike Wood from Macquarie Securities. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Ryan Hunter - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi, guys, it's actually Ryan Hunter on for Mike this morning. My first question regarding the CapEx, $600 million to $650 million, this isn't much high a level than we've seen in above  recent elevated levels. Do these investments carry the similar three-year to five-year payback, as you've mentioned in the past, or do capacity expanding investments carry a lower payback?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Most of them would in the three-year to five-year range, as we go through. Let's just see if I could give you some more color. Between 2015, we've been expanding or upgrading our ceramic in the U.S., Mexico, Europe and Russia. In carpet, we increased our polyester and rug capacity and as well as other process improvements. In LVT, we're adding U.S. and European capacity. We're increasing our engineered wood in the U.S. and Europe. We're upgrading our laminate technology and we're replacing leased assets with own assets. These assets support approximately $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion of sales, based on today's exchange rates. If these investments were a standalone business, they would rank as one of the top flooring companies in the world.
Ryan Hunter - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: And then just a quick follow-up regarding organic growth, a little of deceleration at 4.2% versus 5.6% in 3Q. Can you just give us some color on what region decelerated organically? And do you think that this can reaccelerate back into the 5% range in 2016?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I think that was just timing. I think if you look at our outlook for the  our business both in the U.S., Europe and in Russia, it's going to be more of the same with  here in the U.S., the new residential, continuing to grow nicely, and commercial and remodel also growing, and Europe  Europe showing some improvement as well. And then, Russia, we've got a recession we're dealing with, but they're outperforming the market there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandon Roll from Longbow Research. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Brandon Roll - Longbow Research LLC: Hi, this is Brandon Roll on for David MacGregor. I just wanted to touch on your increasing engineered wood, we had heard from some people that there's been a shift in the market to people winning larger, wider planks. Is this fueling your increased investment in engineered wood in the U.S.? Thanks.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the market is  the higher-end part of the market is trending to wider and longer planks. Our present manufacturing capacity is close to being fully utilized, so the new capacity will be able to make all the things we have been, plus make wider and longer planks in addition.
Brandon Roll - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And to follow up on that, I was also hoping you could walk us through your three segments and what's driving the organic growth in each. Thank you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Listen, I spent 15 minutes trying to answer that in my opening remarks. In the carpet business, we believe that our focus on new innovative products is expanding our position within the marketplace. We are dramatically cutting the cost structures we have to improve margin in what's going to be a lower growth business. In the rug business, we're going into new product categories that we weren't in, as well as we've introduced new products. In the ceramic business in North America, we're the leader in offering a total broad product line in all categories. We're putting new investments in that allow us to make products that the majority of the people in the United States can't and give us leading positions in style and design. In Mexico, we're expanding from a relatively small base. We had success in filling up a brand-new plant from 2012. And at this moment, we're planning to double the size of that plant again this year to take advantage of our expanding distribution in the marketplace. In Europe, the ceramic business has been limited growth, but through our investments, we've been able to significantly cut the costs, and at the same time, we've been able to bring new product and innovation to the marketplace, which is allowing us to grow in a low-growth market. But our primary objective was we bought the business that was not profitable and expand the margins, but there is some increase in capacity as we go through. The new acquisition with KAI, they have a high position in their market share, in their markets. We're continuing to support them to optimize that business through improving their mix and giving them opportunities to sell product outside their local region with all our other sales and marketing people across the country. The Russian business, we're growing market shares significantly as the market declines. Last year, our volume was flat or up a little bit in a marketplace that was declining significantly. We've been able to do that through we have the leading style and design in the marketplace. We're the best option for high-style product that used to be imported out of Italy, which we can make in there. Our high-end ceramic capacity was fully utilized last year and we're actually increasing our capacity in Russia in a market that's horrible. Is it  at the same time, we're using the strength of our business to increase the distribution into the various channels and optimize our brand. Moving back into the Flooring Rest of the World, our laminate, we focus on medium-to-high in Europe. We have brought unique product innovation to the marketplace, which we started introducing last year; we've extended it this year. We have run out of capacity in that category, which is being installed the 1st of this year so that we can keep growing that, which is very unique. We have multiple brands in the marketplace, which we go after different channels of the marketplace. The acquisition of IVC brought us another brand that's focused on a lower price category than the other ones we have, so we're using it to expand our distribution across the marketplace, but still not in the commodity areas. The wood business, we still have a limited portion of a very large market. And because of that, we have focused on, again, the medium-end to high-end. We have been able to add value to the marketplace. We bought the Ceramic business in Czech two years ago, I think. And it's running full, and we're planning on expanding it to give us opportunities to grow further. The IVC business, we're managing through the changes, and I mean, doing well. As their sales to Russia declined, we put those in the other marketplace. We think we're going to be pushing the limits of the capacity in sheet vinyl. And LVT, the two plants that we have are selling everything they can make. The newer plant, which is the one that we started building before them, they've helped us optimize. And by the middle of the year, we'll increase the capacity by about another 40%. We have plan to put another line in our facilities over there to grow further in the marketplace in LVT. And then we have our other  our insulation board business, we had two plants, so we greenfielded both. The first one has been running at full capacity; the second one is in France. We're adding another shift to it, as we speak. And then we purchased another business that had different geographic presence, as well as slightly different products in it. And then our board businesses, we've spent money consolidating those and increasing the capacity is limited, but it's more like cost savings and closing plants and we should get most of those benefits during this year.
Brandon Roll - Longbow Research LLC: All right, thank you for that color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Rednor from Zelman & Associates. Go ahead, your line is open.
Scott Rednor - Zelman & Associates: Hey, good morning. Jeff, I have a bigger picture question for you. Two years ago, you had no capacity in LVT. With the additions, you're now going to have five plants in, call it, a three-year to four-year period. What gives you confidence that you need all that hard capacity versus the sourcing model that's helping you right now?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: One of the major reasons we were interested in IVC was the technology and leadership they had in the marketplace. So, we had gone into it with one plant and we were working to start it up, and in a limited period of time, with them, we've been able to ramp it up to where it is and the plant is utilizing all we can make and it's expanding further and we believe that we can sell all of that in Europe. In addition, in the United States, the plant that they had constructed, we have significant commitments from people to use the capacity. The market in the U.S. and Europe collectively is growing about 15%. In the U.S., that's about $200 million a year of new capacity coming into the marketplace and we think we're best positioned to provide the products to the marketplace, and we're well prepared to compete with the imported products coming in with higher style and value that's required to compete. At the same time, we believe we can bring better local service to the marketplace; we can bring better product innovation to the marketplace. And we don't have to fight the FX volatility. We believe the market can absorb it and we're going to be the leader in it.
Scott Rednor - Zelman & Associates: Appreciate that color. Just one quick one, Frank, the IP catch-up. Can you help frame how much that aided 4Q in terms of what won't repeat in 1Q?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: When you say the IP catch-up, you mean the...
Scott Rednor - Zelman & Associates: You highlighted on the  yeah, no, you highlighted the sales impact on Flooring Rest of World in the quarter.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, what I was referring to when I talked about the full year that in the full year, we would have fewer sales, fewer operating  less operating income in 2016 for the full year because of uncollected fees that we got, past due fees that we got in 2015 (43:46).
Scott Rednor - Zelman & Associates: Appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari from UBS. Go ahead, your line is open.
Susan M. Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning. You guys talked a little bit about the price and mix pressure that you're continuing to see in carpet. Can you just talk a little bit to, has that shifted any as you look towards the beginning of this year and how you're thinking about that trending through 2016?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. The industry  two parts, as polyester grows in the industry, polyester is a lower cost option than the other pieces. So as the industry shifts, the industry average price goes down. And then second, as expected, as the raw material prices have declined in the commodity products, the average selling prices have gone down with those and the combined pieces are reducing the average selling prices for the industry and for us. At the same time, we are really focused on bringing differentiated value-added products which we mentioned several in the prior discussions that we're coming to the market with, we did the same thing last year, and we continue in every business we have trying to bring differentiation that the consumer is willing to pay for and differentiates us, so we believe that our average price is better than the industry's.
Susan M. Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then just looking more broadly, have you seen in terms of the overall demand trends, has there been any improvement in terms of perhaps mix shift, people willing to spend on some higher-end products at all?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: When you look across all our different businesses, we are selling higher-end products in all of them: my laminate business, my ceramic business and my carpet business, we're selling higher-end products, and in most of our businesses, our pricing is consistent or growing as an average price point. The carpet part of it, though, due to the other shifts, you have some general shifts going on in it that's pulling the average prices down, which we're also susceptible to.
Susan M. Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. But across the rest of your products, are you seeing an improvement in the higher-end product categories would you say?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We are, but I think it's driven by our style and design and innovation. I'm not sure the industry...
Susan M. Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, all right.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: (46:40).
Susan M. Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, all right. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research Co. Go ahead, your line is open.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you. You commented about market growth being similar in 2016 to 2015, or perhaps your growth. But I'm curious on your market share expectations in 2016 relative to 2015, how you would expect to perform relative to the market, especially in response to the investments that you're making across the business?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All those investments we went through were to increase our ability to participate in different markets and we expect to use the assets we put in.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Does that mean that the share performance or the performance relative to market is similar in 2016 and 2015 or would you be disappointed if you didn't grow faster in 2016 versus 2015 relative to the market?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think that we should grow faster than the marketplace, but there is all kinds of shifts going on, like we mentioned in LVT, some of LVT is going to come out of imports, some of my ceramic business is going to come out of imports, some of my laminate is going to come out of import, so the piece between imports and exports that is going on also.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Let me ask the question differently then. As you think about the three-year to five-year payback, how would you suggest we look for that on the income statement top line relative to operating margin? Where would you expect for that benefit to show up?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: There's going to be two parts: one is that you've seen last year, the year before and this year, we keep telling you that our margins are going to increase. So part of it is going to show up in greater efficiencies in the business. The other part is going to come that all these investments I mentioned earlier would have a capacity once they are installed is somewhere around $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion, and over the period, I expect to use it. Some of it will take three years or more.
Unknown Speaker: And, Eric, in the quarter we had for the total company productivity improvements for all three segments of about $35 million. Now a portion of that is from capital that we're investing and a portion of it is from process improvements, but to Jeff's point, we're driving productivity throughout the business with what we're investing back.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. And then a follow-up, you talked last quarter about incremental SG&A investment in an effort to drive market share. Curious on how that's playing out. I know some of it is 4Q, some of it is 1Q and throughout 2016, but in terms of the traction and getting payback from that incremental investment, how would you evaluate how that's going so far and what is your outlook for payback on that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The bigger part of the investments are in salesmen's samples and displays but salesmen's a big part of it. And it takes a while to ramp those up, so we're expecting those to help us through next year. But we didn't expect to see dramatic improvements in the short-term. You have to build the relationships and pieces as you go through and we think it's one of the reasons it's going to help us achieve our goals in 2016.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Unknown Speaker: I think, just if I could add one more thing to that, we do think that as we move into 2016, our SG&A as a percent to sales will be down compared to 2015% to sales.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: For the full-year.
Unknown Speaker: For the full-year.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for that clarification.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall from RBC Capital Markets. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, good morning. Fantastic finish to a great year for you guys. Tremendous execution. Just wanted to ask you ...
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Listen, we're just getting started.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Well, I was going to ask you, I was kind of surprised and also thanks for the great detail, but you guys had huge progress on the margin front. If you look for a thing on a like-for-like basis adjusting for currency and days, it's an incredibly strong year in what I would kind of view as a muted environment. How much more is left, like are you guys halfway done with your objectives? When you think about margin performance and all the investments you are making, you did a great job of detailing how you're spending money both through the SG&A line, a lot of plant capacity expansion. What does this look like in terms of margin performance coming up in the next couple years. How should we be thinking about that, given what you're putting back into the business? Maybe that's for Frank.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Listen, there's two parts to it. One is improvement in the cost structures, the other is top line growth to support and we go through. If you look out over the term, we believe we'll be able to continue growing the margins from year-to-year. However, just like everything else, we have to compete in the marketplace with whatever is changing. We think our cost structures will allow us to do that. In 2016 we're expecting both improvement in the margin percent and the top line and we hope to continue it.
Unknown Speaker: And I would just add Bob to that that as we go through the year, each quarter we're expecting to see margin improvements.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Over the prior quarter.
Unknown Speaker: Correct. Over the prior year.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Prior quarter of last year, last sequential quarter (52:32).
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. So you are going to see sequential improvement as you move through the year. You had a...
Unknown Speaker: Let me just clarify that, Bob. So in each quarter when we compare it to the prior year comparable quarter, we'll see improvement.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. That's clear. Can you just give us a view on you had a $163 million of acquired revenues. We're hoping you could give us like a split for in which segment those revenues fit?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Well, I thought we did that when we gave you the legacy growth in each of the different...
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You did. Give it to him again.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Between the three, sorry.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, yes, yes. So our legacy growth in the  and so this is constant exchange rate and constant days. Our legacy growth in the Global Ceramic was up 4%, our legacy growth in Flooring North America was up 3%, and our legacy growth in Rest of the World was up 7%. And on the Rest of the World segment, this was unusually high due to higher laminate wood, LVT and IP sales which we don't think are going to continue.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The rate won't continue at that rate going into this year.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. So, that's the timing shift. And then if you're thinking about Global Ceramic on a constant currency basis, you also had $50 million of higher sales and I was trying to think about how to split that between acquired revenues, volume and price in the ceramic business?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: I maybe need to follow up with you after the call on that one, Bob.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it, gentlemen. Great quarter and good luck in 2016.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions today. First is just stepping back and looking at more from a cyclical standpoint, based on your experience and you've been through quite a few cycles, what were the earliest signs of the market fundamentally slowing versus merely seeing a pause? And how does this compare to what you're seeing in your business right now?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: In prior cycles, the thing that led the downturn always was a reduction in the remodeling business, because it's done as needed and as consumer confidence went down as they got less comfortable with the future, they would postpone remodeling pieces and we haven't seen that.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay. Perfect. And then could you quantify what the raw material tailwind was for fiscal 2015? It may be easier just to do it for the North American segment? What your expectations are for fiscal 2016?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: At a high level for the year, we think that the raw material cost will be fairly stable versus last year is our expectation, but there's a lot of questions in that. In the short-term, you want to give more of a short-term?
Unknown Speaker: Well, so again what we're doing, Kathryn, is comparing how input cost impacted us in this quarter compared to fourth quarter a year ago and that's about $30 million tailwind, which was the same benefit that we saw in the third quarter.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Offset by...
Unknown Speaker: And offset by price/mix, so we had about a negative $10 million price/mix in the fourth quarter, again, comparing where we are at the end of the fourth quarter this year compared to the end of the fourth quarter next year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: But the numbers we gave you left out other inflation that also went against it of different types.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl from Credit Suisse. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to stick with the Flooring North America segment and some of the margin color for the first question. So I think part of the segment realignment was trying to get better efficiencies out of the relationship between the carpet side of the business and the hard surface, and it seems like just based on the improvement we've seen in margins that that's been successful so far. But just wondering if you can give us any sense of how much that is contributing to the margin performance magnitude wise? And have you fully realized the benefits of that at this point, or do you still think the hard surface has some catch up left in terms of margin performance?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: There's a lot of moving parts in the business. The major synergies between the business, you have the back end which is the distribution being able to get it from the marketplace through the distribution piece, you have the sales personnel that are helping each other push products into the marketplace, you have innovation ideas that are crisscrossing the business better, and then you also have the ability to use the brands differently across the different pieces as you go through. So we just introduced the Pergo brand into LVT, laminate and wood, which is a new way of getting it to marketplace. So there's all kinds of different ways of helping the business as well as you have just the engineers and the production people passing best practices between the businesses, all help.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. So, I guess, it sounds like you think there is still some runway left though on that side, Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Listen, there is always room. We have a saying here, no matter where you are, you're halfway there.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Right, okay. And then helpful color around the CapEx and just laying out how much the contribution from the investments will generate as far sales over the next couple of years. But I guess just a clarification, was that inclusive of the expected 2016 spend? And then as we think...
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: What we did was take the capacity as of 2015, 2014. Where did we start from?
Unknown Speaker: 2015, 2016.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think, we started the capacity in 2015  the capacity that we were at the run rate of 2015 and compared it to where it would be when everything was up and running from the 2015 and 2016 investments, some of which happened within a year and some of it won't get optimized for three years.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Perfect. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Armstrong with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions. The first one is on the CapEx and acquisitions. You're spending a lot on organic CapEx this year. Is this a result of a thinner acquisition pipeline or do you believe that there are still a lot of good potential acquisitions to be had?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: One has nothing to do with the other. Our goal is to have a balanced approach between the two. Our balance sheet we believe could handle another $1 billion or $1.5 billion worth of debt. So I mean, under the right thesis, we're ready to go and acquisitions in addition. But those aren't easy to come by when you want them.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Totally understand. And then switching gears a little bit, oil and energy as a whole has a lot of varying impacts on cost and on the pricing environment as a whole. Could you talk a little bit about what impacts you are seeing and maybe if you can help us quantify those impacts?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It depends on what moments in time you start and stop. On a going forward basis, our present belief is that the raw materials will be relatively stable with 2015, but that's making a lot of assumptions on what's going on. But we think that's going to be  that's our best guess at this point.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And on the pricing side of the equation, are the lower oil prices impacting any particular products or are those different dynamics that are impacting prices?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The lower oil prices have been impacting the average selling prices of the carpet piece as well as the opening price commodities; by definition commodities are more price sensitive and so, much of that has already occurred.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. So it's pretty much behind us at this point, is what you would say?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That's what we'll have to see. I can't control my competition.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Fair enough. Thank you for taking my questions and congrats on a good quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Barclays. Your line is open.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks very much, guys. I wanted to talk a little bit about your patent income out of Unilin. I think one of the things that's lost on some people is that Unilin didn't just have a good invention, but they developed the intellectual capital to be able to monetize their patent. And so they kind of have a platform with which they can monetize other patents. And so my question is what's the prospects for you to be able to grow from your base of $30 million to $35 million excluding Uniclic. Is it mostly dependent upon new patents that you would have to file or do you think you'll be able to grow, let's say, advisory fees from helping third parties monetize their patents, kind of like you did recently with your Novalis relationship.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let's see. Let me clarify it a little bit. The $30 million to $35 million for other installation things is usually the patents we sell is a package. So as one starts and one stops, we have to go out and do things to maintain that $30 million to $35 million; it's not a gimme off the start as we change it. We think that we have the right things in place to execute that. You are correct, we have unique knowledge in how to manage and create value for patents. But having something that's unique, that's saleable, I mean, it's not that easy or everybody would have it. So we think that the $30 million to $35 million is what we know of today; if we come up with more, we know what to do with them when we get them.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I'm sure you do. Okay. That's helpful. Thanks for that. The second question is a little bit of a broader one, I'm kind of thinking about your North American distribution and sales network. In the context of two realities that I've been thinking about. First, there's been a quantum leap in recent years with respect to visual productions, the ability to achieve visuals. And it's allowed customers to achieve remarkably similar looks across a variety of flooring materials. And the second thing is that Mohawk seems to be uniquely positioned to capitalize on this convergence or flexibility in design across many, many different products, given that you're a major manufacturer of all of these products, and nobody else really is. So I guess kind of a two-part question with that. One, do you think, longer-term that the improved visuals is going to introduce negative mix shift as people sort of achieve those visuals with cheaper materials, or instead, do you think, it's going to lead to a desire on the part of consumers to spend more money, more of their design dollars on the floor given the innovation. And the second question is what are some of the unique ways you can use across product sales and marketing strategy to get better profits and sales, in ways that your competitors simply can't because they don't make all those flooring materials?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let's see. The first answer to your question which was an either/or is a yes. And the yes means that in some of my product category  in all my product categories having better design and better features, you can get a premium for which you hear us talking about all the time. On the other hand, by having better looks and different product categories, in my personal view, which I can't say everybody agrees with me, is like wood that sells at higher prices I think that given there's more alternatives for wood, there's a possibility that people use those in place of wood, and those things they're using are lower price, and I have no idea how the mix is going to change between the categories and neither does anybody else. Is it. On the use of our various asset, it is a huge benefit, because all the similar looks are selling in all the different product categories. And we are unique in having capabilities between laminate, wood, vinyl and ceramic that the same technologies and same style and designs fit all of them. And then with the acquisition we have of Marazzi, the Italians with style and design are way ahead of the rest of the world. We use that to apply to every other one, and then I have to tell you, we get ideas from  our Russian business is different than it. They come up with different ideas and we have meetings where we put the different groups together, and they all go about it in different ways and it gives us a unique perspective not only by product, but by worldwide geographies that ideas transfer back and forth, and I think it puts us in a unique position that nobody else can compete with.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. That's exactly what I was looking for. Thanks a lot, guys, and good luck.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Just to go back to the patent issue real quick. The $30 million to $35 million in 2017, is that exclusive of the Unilin patents that are going to be expiring or does that include some of the ones you will see in the early part of that year associated with that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That is the ongoing rate after the existing Uniclic patents conclude.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, so did that...
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And we tried to give you a forward annual rate, not an amount for a given point.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And as Frank had said, the patents expire or the ones in question expire in the middle of that year. So, the number for the full year should be some level higher than that, is that correct?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The first half will be different than the second half and we tried to give you a way of getting to it.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good deal. Jeff, at the beginning of the call here, you talked about process improvement in carpet, what exactly are you referring to there?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's not just in carpet, in all of our businesses, we are pushing how to use technology different and how to change the processes, how to simplify the businesses, how to increase quality, service and there are hundreds of opportunities that every department is working on. We have each of those are lined up. They are assigned to different people in each one. There are monthly quarterly calls to see how we're going against them. Some of them require investment and some of them require just innovative ideas and we're doing it everywhere. The productivity in 2015 was what? The number for the whole year?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Whole year productivity.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: For the whole company.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: For the whole company was in total including CapEx about $135 million.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So the $135 million in capital of improvement, some driven by capital and some driven by bright ideas.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And would that include in carpet, within that framework, more cost takeout potentially, whether it's backing phase five or things like that from what you are doing now?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let me say it differently. It includes the ideas for how to create different engineering and raw material usage to make things better at advantageous cost across all the different things.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're always looking for those.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: All right. Final question for Frank. I believe you had a bond issue that came due in January, was that just rolled over in the revolver?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: It was rolled over into our commercial paper program, Keith.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Commercial paper, so what is the commercial paper running at right now in terms of interest rate?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Well, in Europe, we just issued some at a zero rate, but it's probably running in the mid single-digits in Europe and then over here I think it's running around...
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: 0.7% I think.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: I think it's around 20 basis points or 30 basis points over here, Keith.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And the bond issue was 6 1/8% I think or something like that?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, yeah, it was 6 1/8%. Yeah, we're expecting about $25 million to $30 million in interest savings this year compared to 2015 as a result of what we just talked about.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I thought the U.S. rates for commercial paper were higher than yours. So let us check that.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: We'll come back to you on that.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: It's virtually nothing, so it doesn't really matter. Thanks.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Chan with Baird. Your line is open.
Josh K. Chan - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi, thank you for taking my questions. You guys have done a great job on productivity, and I was just wondering, with kind of this continued investment in CapEx should be think of the level of productivity contribution is sustainable or even accelerate?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't have that number to give you at this minute. There's productivity, I mean, they are all built  they're built into our program, they're not built into yours. The reason we're going to have higher earnings next year and the year after is a combination of all these things. And they are all built into our increasing margins that we talk about. So, we haven't given you a number for those since we only give one quarter forward.
Josh K. Chan - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. I appreciate that. And then, my second question is on, kind of the order cadence, given some of the more headline volatility in terms of macro and in terms of the stock market early in 2016. Have you seen kind of a change in your order cadence or has demand been pretty steady in the first two months of this new year?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Our first two months in the industry, are really hard to read all the time. We have markets going on that change time. We have a seasonality that consumers want to go through Christmas with spending, and you have the winter weather, the harsher weather and others. So, when we are in the first January, February, it's really difficult to read relative to an ongoing trend. We have to get more through March to see how the thing levels out, because people buy inventory sooner or later, the weather can change the peace. So I mean I can't say we have a good clear view at this minute.
Josh K. Chan - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): All right, thanks guys. Great quarter.
Operator: I'm showing that there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to the presenters.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We appreciate you joining us on our call. We are enthusiastic about our position in the marketplace. And we believe that the market will continue improving from everything that we see. Thank you very much for joining us.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC Collin A. Verron - RBC Capital Markets LLC Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Phillip A. Lewis - Security Captial Brokerage, Inc. Laura Champine - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carol, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, November 6, 2015. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today, we'll update you on the company's results for the third quarter of 2015 and provide guidance for the fourth quarter. I'd like to remind everyone, that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Frank. We delivered another excellent quarter as our adjusted earnings per share rose 22% to $2.98, the highest quarterly adjusted EPS in the company's history. Our net sales were up 8% or 15% on a constant exchange rate. Our adjusted quarterly operating income also reached a record level at $309 million, up 30% over the same quarter last year. All segments contributed to our sales and income improvement. Our new segment structure that we announced last quarter has benefited our performance, enabling us to optimize our regional businesses by enhancing our product offerings, manufacturing assets and distribution strategies. During the period, we made significant progress in aligning our IVC acquisition with our European and U.S. flooring businesses and our KAI acquisition with our Italian ceramic operations. The business strategies of these acquisitions are coordinated with our existing businesses and we are beginning to execute best practices across each segment. We're introducing products to take advantage of the unique capabilities and customer relationships of each organization. Earnings for IVC and KAI acquisitions were in line with our expectations for the third quarter. As we leverage the strength of these businesses, we anticipate greater market penetration and continued earnings growth in the future. After a flat first quarter, the U.S. economy grew in the second and third period. In late October, the National Association of Home Builders reported that builder sentiment rose to its highest level in a decade bolstered by an 11% year-to-date increase in family, single-family construction. Also in October Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac announced initiatives designed to help lenders make loans more accessible to potential home buyers. Harvard's LIRA index projects home improvement spending will gain momentum in the fourth quarter with homeowners investing more discretionary remodeling projects. Improved employment and lower gasoline prices have kept consumer confidence high and should support remodeling investments. Commercial spending is forecast to continuing growing with hospitality, office and recreation sectors leading the category. Mexico's economy is benefiting from low unemployment and strong consumer activity, with new residential and commercial construction driving ceramic sales growth. The European Central Bank has expressed a willingness to further reduce interest rates and expand its quantitative easing program to accelerate economic growth. The Russian economy is in a recession and most believe it will continue to face headwinds through the end of 2016. I'll now review the third quarter performance of our three segments. Our Global Ceramic segment sales were up 2% as reported. On a local basis, sales grew 11% and adjusted operating income rose 15%, with adjusted margins increasing to 15%. As a result of improved productivity, volume, price-mix and the KAI acquisition, partially offset by currency headwinds. During the period, our U.S. ceramic sales continued to improve, with residential outpacing commercial. Sales grew across all channels, as we increased our investments in new products, additional sales representatives, and new service centers and galleries. The residential new construction sector remains the strongest part of our U.S. ceramic business. We continue to gain commitment from major regional builders, as a result of innovative products, which elevate home values. Wall tile sales have performed exceptionally well, as decorating trends and our fashionable designs are expanding wall tile into new areas of today's homes. In residential remodeling, ceramic sales will continue their positive growth, while hospitality and retail remain our strongest commercial sectors. Placement of new sample displays in major retail groups is increasing our position in this channel. And new commitments by our independent distributors are strengthening our market position. Home centers continue to see ceramic as a growth category and we're gaining commitments with our unique coordinated floor and wall tile collections. To satisfy increased demand in the U.S. market, we've begun importing ceramic tile from both our Russian and Bulgarian businesses, leveraging our global footprint to optimize our profitability. Construction in our new Tennessee plant is well underway, and equipment is now being installed. Productivity, material enhancements and yields are improving our costs in our existing manufacturing plants. We've also implemented several initiatives in our service centers to improve the customer service experience and move toward paperless transactions. Growth in the Mexican ceramic market remains strong, as we improved our position and we are adding new sales representatives to increase our market penetration. We continue to expand our distribution base and increase our participation in home centers, residential construction and commercial channels. Our new products in larger sizes with wood, stone and brick visuals are enhancing our market position and improving our margins. Geographically, we are in a stronger position with our recent acquisition in western Mexico, combined with our existing facilities in northern and central regions of the country. In Europe, our ceramic sales are outpacing the market. We are enhancing our product mix with larger sizes, longer planks and outdoor tile. We're benefiting from upgrading our assets at our manufacturing facilities, which are increasing our competitiveness and yielding more differentiated products such as, three-dimensional wall tile, hexagons and brick visuals. We completed phase one of these investments during the period and will finalize the second phase in the second quarter of next year. We're planning additional enhancements to our capabilities following the completion of these two phases. Our service should improve as we gain additional capacity to satisfy growing demand. Our new wall tile collection has received the 2015 Design Award in Italy, reflecting our position as Europe's ceramic design leader. We continue to gain share in Western Europe as well as surrounding markets by expanding our customer base with multiple brands and increasing our participation in commercial projects. Our new Bulgarian ceramic business is increasing its product mix, improving its manufacturing and expanding sales outside the local market. New capacity has recently been installed to produce larger sizes and embossed wood planks. We have seen increasing competition at opening price points as the European exports to Russia have declined. Though Russia is in a recession, we are increasing our share in the ceramic market. During the period our sales grew on a local basis though our margins contracted as inflation outpaced price increases. As imports substantially decline we are improving our mix with gains in the high-end of the market. To further support our leadership in the premium market we are installing a new production line next year to increase our porcelain capacity to produce higher value commercial products historically purchased from Europe. During this period we increased our investments in sales personnel to expand our DIY, specialty retail and commercial businesses. We opened seven new franchise stores during the quarter and we're investing more in marketing to grow our sales. Our Russian comparisons in the next two quarters will be very difficult due to consumers pulling forward purchases as inflation dramatically increased last year. Our Flooring North America segment, sales were up 8% over last year with adjusted operating income increasing 41% over the prior year. The adjusted operating margins increased almost 14%, due to improved volume, productivity, input cost and the IVC acquisition, partially offset by price and mix. The new structure of our North American carpet and hard surface businesses is improving our performance as we leverage the strength of our brands, marketing strategies and consumer relationships over all categories. During the period, we invested  we increased our investments in sales personnel, marketing and promotions in both carpet and hard surface categories to enhance our position. We anticipate these investments will improve our results by expanding our market penetration and enhancing our product mix. Our carpet business continued its margin improvement from productivity and lower input costs, offset by price mix and additional sales investments. We are beginning to see improved margins from our recent product introductions and the expansion of our Karastan branded customer base. Our builder channel is growing significantly, and we are improving our position in the home center channel. We are expanding our SmartStrand Forever Clean collections with new tonal flecks and fleck visuals. The popularity of our polyester carpets continues to grow. The superior stain resistance and softness of our Continuum polyester products are helping us capture sales in this category. Our commercial margins are continuing to expand with the introduction of more stylized products, improved manufacturing efficiencies and enhanced service. We continue to revise our product offering to reduce manufacturing complexity and eliminate underperforming SKUs. Our new plank carpet tiles are gaining acceptance in the A&D community and our award winning collection from NeoCon are now entering the market. We're gaining momentum with large national accounts, and we're expanding our integrated installation services for large projects. We're increasing the specialization of our sales force by sector, and enhancing our training so that our sales professionals deliver superior solutions to satisfy our customers' needs. We're improving our efficiency and reducing our cost by closing two commercial plants and consolidating the operations. Our rug sales and margins were up during the period as our new product introductions gained traction in the marketplace. Our focus on new fiber innovation is differentiating our offering and improving our mix, we have extended our line with a new exterior mat collection that has been well accepted in the marketplace. Sales of our hard-surface products are growing faster than carpet across all channels, with builder and commercial sectors expanding the fastest. We're seeing margin improvement in all categories driven by higher volume, productivity and cost saving. We're investing in new product samples and sales personnel to further expand our participation in all facets of the marketplace. Our recent laminate introductions are creating a new high-end category with deeper structures, more sophisticated visuals and unique water resistant technology. Wood remains the aspirational purchase for most consumers and our solid wood collections appeal to builders, while our engineered wood products have become a desirable remodeling choice. IVCs management team is now guiding our U.S. vinyl product strategy and leveraging our customer relationships and logistics expertise. Our sheet vinyl and LVT sales continue to grow, and we're introducing new Mohawk branded products from IVC to expand our vinyl offering in all channels. Our LVT growth has been limited by our manufacturing capacity. However production at our new U.S. plant continues to increase as we refine the processes of the world's largest LVT plant. We expect significant improvement in our cost over the next 12 months as we implement equipment modifications and process enhancements to increase our production. We continue to increase the productivity of all of our manufacturing assets, improving our efficiency yields and quality. Material costs are benefiting our margins, partially offset by lower price mix and other inflation. We continue to optimize our raw materials through reengineering our formulations and increasing our recycling. Our enhanced logistics systems are improving service to our customers, as well as the return on our investments. For the period, our Flooring Rest of the World segment sales rose 24% as reported or 41% on a constant exchange rate with adjusted operating income improving 48% over the prior year. The adjusted operating margin increased almost 16% due to improved volume, input cost and the IVC acquisition, partially offset by significant currency headwinds. Our laminate sales increased during the period and we have realigned our sales and product strategies to optimize our brand. Quick-Step and Pergo will be focused on the premium high-end laminate with differentiated features. Balterio, the laminate brand from IVC, will focus on stylized products customized for specific retailers. We will maintain separate sales and product development organizations to satisfy different customer needs across all channels. Our premium laminate brands continue to benefit from deeper, more natural structures and bevels that yield more realistic visuals. We've also added water resistant technology that's unique in the marketplace and expands applications for laminate into additional areas. Our current premium product collection is one of the most successful ever due to its unique features and performance benefits. Sales of our stylized collections are also growing and we're introducing collections with our new digital technology to differentiate our products. During the quarter, our laminate sales were strong in Eastern Europe, Russia, Australia and New Zealand. To increase our Balterio brand sales in the Russian market, we're moving products formerly made in Belgium to our Russian manufacturing facility of laminate. Our wood sales increased during the period but were constrained by supply limitation. Our margins were up, as we improved our mix and lowered our cost. Continued cost savings from production in our Malaysian and Czech plants as well as favorable exchange rate positively impacted our margins. We continue to benefit from the 2014 acquisition of the Czech manufacturing plant, which we have upgraded and expanded. Our mix and average selling price improved, as we marketed wood collections under our premium brands and introduced differentiated surfaces, including matte finishes, rustic visuals and reclaimed looks. Our vinyl business also improved with significant growth in LVT. As with laminate, we are marketing two brands focused on different channels to maximize our distribution in the marketplace. Our new LVT plant in Belgium is producing high quality product with unique features and is increasing production to satisfy the growing demand. New equipment will be installed in the plant by the end of the year to increase our capacity further. Our European LVT start-up is doing well and additional material supply will be installed next year to reach the planned capacity. We're introducing new LVT sizes with embossing, enhanced scratch resistance and superior click installation system to add more value and participate in the commercial sector. Our product mix within the IVC Moduleo brand is improving from higher value products with embossed and registered designs. Our Russian sheet vinyl business declined. We increased sales in other geographies to utilize our capacity. Our non-flooring product categories in the segment are up slightly with improving margins due to some relief in material costs. We continue to see significant growth in our insulation panel business which delivered improved margins from higher volumes and lower costs, partially offset by selling prices. One of our chipboard lines experienced an unplanned stop and will be down for four weeks, impacting operating income by approximately $3 million to $4 million in our fourth quarter. I'll now return the call over to Frank, to review our financial performance for the period.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $2.151 billion, up 8% as reported or 15% higher on a constant exchange rate basis, with the legacy business growing 6%. Foreign exchange reduced sales $131 million compared to last year. All segments grew over last year on a constant exchange rate basis. During the quarter growth was driven by acquisitions and improving volume, as well as mix, partially offset by lower pricing in carpet and vinyl. Our gross margin as reported was 30.8%. Excluding charges, the margin was 31.4%, up 310 basis points from last year. This was driven by volume, productivity gains and lower raw materials, partially offset by price, mix and currency. SG&A, as reported, was $373 million, this represented 17.3% of net sales. Excluding charges, SG&A was 17.1% of net sales, up 70 basis points from last year due to investments expanding our sales force, increasing sampling and raising our merchandising. Unusual charges for the quarter were $20 million, with approximately $15 million associated with the IVC and KAI acquisitions. About three-fourths of the $15 million was from purchase accounting and acquisition cost with the balance related to integration. The remaining $5 million of the unusual charges was for continuing integration of our Spano acquisition. The operating income excluding charges was $309 million or 14.4% of sales. The margin grew by 250 basis points and operating income would have been $21 million higher using a constant exchange rate. Interest expense for the quarter was $19 million, which compares to $35 million a year ago. It was down this year primarily due to the redemption premium paid last year, when $254 million of our 2016 bonds were redeemed. Implementation of the CP program, our commercial paper program, this year also resulted in lower rates. Other expense was $5 million, and it was unfavorable $7 million versus last year, due to foreign exchange. The income tax rate for the quarter was 22% this year and that compares to 19% last year. We estimate a full year tax rate this year of 22% to 23%, and we estimate next year's full year tax rate of 25% to 26%. Geographic mix and lower interest deductions will pressure our 2016 tax rate. Earnings per share excluding charges, was $2.98 and is a new quarterly record for Mohawk representing an increase of 22% over last year. Weighted average shares outstanding for the fourth quarter are estimated to be 74.5 million. Our estimate for 2016 outstanding shares will be 74.8 million for the full year. We jump to the segments, in the Global Ceramic segment, sales were $792 million, up 2% as reported or 11% on a constant exchange rate basis with the legacy business improving 8%. Foreign exchange reduced sales $76 million compared to last year. We had strong volume growth in the North American and European regions with Russian volumes slightly down but price up significantly to offset inflation. Our operating income excluding charges was $121 million or 15.3% of sales. The margin expanded 180 basis points, and operating income would have been $13 million higher, using a constant exchange rate, higher investment in selling and marketing to drive future sales was offset by volume growth, productivity and price mix. In the Flooring North American segment, sales were $955 million, increasing 8% over last year, with our legacy business up 4% over last year. This was driven by strong hard surface and rug business sales, partially offset by unfavorable price and mix. Operating income, excluding charges was $133 million or 13.9% of sales, up 330 basis points, driven by productivity, raw materials and the IVC acquisition partially offset again by price mix and our SG&A investments. In the Flooring Rest of World segment, sales were $404 million, growing 24% over last year, or 41% on a constant exchange rate basis, with our legacy business up 6%. Foreign currency reduced sales $55 million in this segment compared to last year. The IVC acquisition was the biggest driver of growth with laminate and wood also turning in strong performances. Operating income excluding charges was $64 million or 15.9% of sales with the margin up 260 basis points, and it would have been  operating income would have been $9 million higher, using a constant exchange rate. The improvement here was driven by volume, raw materials and the IVC acquisition, partially offset by currency. In the corporate and eliminations segment, our operating loss excluding charges was $9 million, and we are expecting approximately $35 million for the full year in this segment. Turning to the balance sheet, at the end of the quarter, our receivables were $1.3 billion. This reflects days sales outstanding at 54 days, up slightly from changes in channel mix. Inventories ended the quarter at a $1.621 billion, the days improved to 105 days, from 113 days last year. This improvement was impacted by acquisitions and better inventory management. Fixed assets for the quarter ended up at $3.046 billion, and includes CapEx of $124 million with depreciation and amortization of $95 million for the quarter. We are estimating CapEx for the full year this year to be approximately $530 million as we invest back into the business to support volume growth and improved productivity. And then finally, total long-term debt ended the quarter at $3.2 billion with a 2.3 times debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio. We expect the leverage to improve to about 2 times by the end of the year. Jeff, I'll hand it back over to you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Frank. Mohawk's performance benefited from strategic acquisitions, new investments in sales and operations and improved manufacturing logistics. The U.S. residential and commercial flooring markets have improved throughout 2015 with hard surface sales growing faster. Looking to the fourth quarter, we anticipate the U.S. economy will continue its gradual growth. We expect year-over-year margin growth to continue in all segments, as a result of our strategies and acquisitions. We are selectively increasing our SG&A relative to sales to optimize future market share. Our recent acquisitions are being integrated into our businesses and are positively impacting our earnings. The costs associated with new plant startups, interruption of our board production and four fewer days will be absorbed in the period. Taking all these factors into account, our guidance for the fourth quarter is $2.66 to $2.75 per share, which will be a 17% to 21% increase over 2014, excluding any restructuring charges. Our fourth quarter earnings guidance would have been approximately $0.15 per share higher on a constant exchange rate relative to last year. Our view for next year is that the U.S. and European economic growth will remain stable with Russia facing continuing headwinds. We anticipate each of our segments will expand sales and margins from acquisitions, marketing initiatives and productivity improvement. We will continue higher levels of capital investments to enhance our product offerings, expand our capacity and grow our margins. Next year our total interest expense should decline $25 million to $30 million with a redemption of our 2016 bonds, rising interest rates and no additional acquisitions. In 2016 we expect that foreign exchange rates will be a headwind and our tax rate will increase to 25% to 26% as our geographic earnings change. Our balance sheet can support significant additional capital investments and acquisitions to further improve our results. We'll now be glad to take any questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research. Your line is open.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yes, good morning, everyone. I wonder if you can just talk about what the total benefit of lower input costs amounted to this quarter and what will that benefit increase and will that benefit increase in fourth quarter?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The majority of the difference came in the Flooring North American segment. There was about a $29 million benefit from changes in material costs, labor, SG&A and energy, partially offset by price mix and sales investments.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Can you say what it was in the other two categories, Jeff?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: It was a small number, it was $1 million, I think in one and $1 million or $2 million in the other, David. We'll have it in the Q that comes out later.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Sure. Sure. Okay. That's great. And then just a follow up, what are you assuming in your fourth quarter earnings guidance for FX impact on revenues?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: We're assuming that  we generally use a FX rate that's close to where we are at the beginning or when we estimate the quarter.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood from Macquarie Securities. Your line is open.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Congratulations on the quarter. Just curious on your comments, there was a lot of commentary in terms of sales investments in ceramics, U.S., Mexico. You mentioned sales personnel in carpet, hard surfaces. Is this a continuation of a strategy or are you now just accelerating these investments because you're seeing the market pick up or if you can just kind of give some of your strategy there?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: When we came out of the downturn, I mean we were doing everything possible to reduce our expenses and drive our profit margins up. And then we started expand  moving from that to investing at a normalized level with the businesses. In the last quarter or maybe a little before, we started changing that and investing even more. And we've made a decision that instead of lowering the SG&A percentage that we're going to invest more in it in these expanding sales forces, most of which was in the United States. We're investing more in products and merchandising. We're increasing the hard surface sales forces as we've added more vinyl to the group as we go through. In ceramic, we talked about increasing distribution points, design centers to keep pushing those forward. Our Mexican business is doing well. We're adding sales people in it. In Russia, the market is down, but we're going to go ahead and invest more to take advantage of our position in the marketplace in a declining market. We estimate in the third quarter that the investment is about $13 million, and we're going to continue investing going forward. The result of that's going to be instead of the SG&A percent going down next year, it's going to end up flat, but it's going to start higher and improve throughout the year.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Got it. Very helpful. And then you'd commented in the past about a 5% to 7% growth rate typical in this market in a recovery. You guys are in that range now, but I'd be curious if you could opine on how much of that growth is kind of coming from your share gains, how much the market is and if you think the market is sustainable at this pace of growth or could pick up?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: My guess is that the flooring industry is probably growing around 4%, maybe closer to 5%, depends on where you go going forward. I don't know  none of us know exactly where it's going to end up. And then, you have to keep remembering our business is now much bigger than just the U.S. business. So, about a third of it is around the world in different places and the economies are in all different shapes, depending upon where we are, but we're optimizing our positions in the ones that are having trouble as well as the ones that are doing well.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Armstrong from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. My first question is a little bit on M&A, something you've been proven good at. What regions do you see the most potential M&A or the best pipeline at the moment and if the opportunity arose, is there anything preventing you from getting materially bigger in the U.S.?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think that we're a very unusual company, that we have the ability to acquire businesses and maintained the businesses that they  we attract good ones. We can go into new geographies or new product categories and maintain and improve the businesses. So I think we are very well-positioned with that. That allows us to look at both new geographies and or new products, both within geographies we're in as well as new ones. And we've proven we can do it in all of them. When we look at acquisitions, because of that, we can enhance ones more that are in geographies we're already in, because you can leverage the strength of both businesses. However, by going into new geographies, you'll tend to see us when we go into new places to buy the best businesses, because we're buying the management as much as we're buying the business isn't that (34:10). And then once we get that, we then take a different strategy of how to expand it either through greenfield or through other acquisitions around it. I think that gives us a very strong platform to grow, and we're really not focused on any particular marketplace.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: And let me just add that given the relative size of our business to the U.S. market, there is more opportunities outside of the U.S.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: That's completely fair. And then switching gears a little bit, a lot of companies have been talking about labor issues restraining sales growth. Are you seeing any of that in your markets, or do you see any evidence of that yet?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The only thing that I guess you would see is that the homebuilders and some of the remodelers are struggling with getting labor to execute their strategies as much, which then backs up to us. If there's more opportunity, we're not quite getting those. But in our own particular business, we're able to attract talented people, I think that we're perceived as a business that's growing and offering opportunity. So, we don't see much of it in our own businesses.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Wetenhall from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Collin A. Verron - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, it's actually Collin filling in for Bob. In North America, you had the robust improvement in margins. You noted that part of this improvement was because of productivity improvement. Can you give us a little bit more color on what you're doing on the productivity side and maybe quantify the improvements, and how much room is left to drive productivity?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, the improvements are everywhere. We have a theory in our business. We call it halfway there. And it doesn't matter where we are or how good you've gotten or where you are in the business, even if you've just improved it, there's opportunities to move it further and we drive that through the whole business. We start in the fall with a plan of developing strategies and pushing it down through the whole organization, the dissatisfaction with where we are. With that, we combine that with we are investing heavily in the business. This year we'll invest about $500 million in the business which allows us to do more with the structure that we have. And in 2016 we are planning to spend even more. The combination of these things are what's allowing the margins to go up in a difficult market.
Collin A. Verron - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks for that color. And then a question on the price and mix side for North America. You noted that there was a negative price mix. Can you give a little bit more color around the drivers, maybe quantify it a little bit. And is any of this related to your giving back price from your lower input costs?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All the businesses are competitive. As the raw materials decline there is some give back of raw materials into the marketplace by us and our competitors. There is more of it in the lower end than the higher end, but it happens everywhere as you go through. I forgot the rest of the question.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: He had asked how much. In the 10-Q, it will show about $20 million of a headwind for price mix for that segment also.
Collin A. Verron - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: A question on the KAI acquisition in terms of the revenue growth, we all have the prior year numbers, but can you give us some sort of feel for how that did in the quarter versus prior year before you bought the business?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: We  Keith, when we talked about the acquisitions last quarter, we had guided that we thought they'd be accretive $0.20 to $0.25 together, IVC and KAI, and they both together came in at the top end of that range at about $0.25 accretion.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: $0.25? And then, from a revenue perspective, the revenue is a little lighter than I thought, how did that look versus prior year?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We don't break out the sales at the levels below the segments. The KIA business has had some increasing competition in Europe, as I discussed before. As the European ceramic suppliers lost business into the Russian market for example, they tried to push the stuff through the marketplace, so that's affecting some of the opening price points. On the other hand, with the business between us, we are upgrading their product mix, we're moving them into new categories they have, we're using our relationships to have them sell product outside the local markets they've been in and we see it as a big opportunity going forward. We've just put in some more capacity into place in order to make higher-end products. So, we're well positioned and we think it will help us both within those markets or using that as a low cost supply into other parts of Europe.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And switching to IVC, in their domestic business, I know they had some lower margin sheet vinyl business. Is that something that you'll be able to supplant with something higher margin and has that process begun?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We like the strategy that they have. They have a broad base of business from low, medium to high. They sell based on differentiated products, high service level. We actually make unique products for different customers to differentiate them in the marketplace. We like their strategy, which is why we bought the business, and we're not changing it now.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Two questions for Frank. You have some notes coming due in January 2016. Are you going to be paying those off or just rolling over the financing, Frank?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: We will be paying those off and rolling it into the CP program.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And the other line on the income statement went from an income in the prior year to an expense this year, what was the change?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: That was the currency. I think it went from $2 million of income to $5 million of expense. That's the transactional FX impact on our receivables and payables that are denominated in foreign currencies.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And did  that's the difference between where you're selling and the cost, is that correct?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: It's the difference between the exchange rate when we enter the transaction and the exchange rate when we settle the transaction.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim from Barclays. Your line is open.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks very much, guys. Good quarter. Frank, you had  actually let's start with Jeff, you had talked about the sales investments, and I think you indicated that you'd be expecting those  that incremental spend to continue into next year, more weighted in the first half is the sense I got. I was curious if you could talk a little bit about how long it's going to be before you see a significant revenue response from these investments. And then also if any of the investments related to the Ragno repositioning, I didn't hear you mention that, but just wondered if that factored in as well?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Listen, it takes time to get new sales people in the field, to have them develop relationships, to have them start moving product into the marketplace. You get some benefit immediately and you get some later. We have increased the amount of sales people across all the pieces I've already reviewed with you. We are spending more on pushing products into the  more distribution of our products into the different marketplaces as we go through. In the residential piece, what you'll see, it probably takes three months to six months to see some of the benefit. In the commercial business it takes much longer, because you have to get into projects and the projects don't get executed, it could be for two years down the road, but we think we're in a good position, and we think it's the right thing to do.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Anything on the  related to what you're doing over there in Italy in terms of moving more into the higher end, anything associated with that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: the Italian business, when we bought it, was a very  I mean they were about breaking even maybe, as they were losing a little money. So, we have really been focused on driving the profitability of the business. With that we've been really controlling the cost. We went through  we're finishing the second phase of replacing the equipment. Each of the investments were about $30 million each. Those investments are allowing us to increase our product mix to bring better products to the marketplace. And as we need it, we will incrementally increase the sales force to go with it. We use the two brands as we do in every other place, to be able to get greater penetration in the marketplace and it allows us to satisfy one customer on one part of the street and give differentiated products to the other. With that, we also have different product strategies with each and it goes through all of our businesses and it's one of our strengths, managing multiple brands in the same marketplace.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then, I guess a second question, sort of very much related to it as you talked about the two phases so far in Marazzi Europe and the putting in the new equipment. By the time the phase two is finished in 1Q 2016, do you expect  how much do you expect on average your capacity in European ceramic will have increased? And then just a quick one for Frank. You gave guidance, you reiterated your guidance on tax for the year, but that leads a pretty wide range for the quarter, I would guess that probably you'd be thinking you're coming at the higher end of the range given all the dynamics you're seeing in terms of geographic profitability. Just wanted to see if you could provide a little more color on 4Q specifically. Thanks.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: On the capacity question, the goal was  and we've actually done it, is to throw out the equipment one piece at a time and put it in. So we don't interrupt the sales that we can. We get through at the first two phases wasn't to try to increase the capacity, but it will probably be up around 5% plus or minus with the first two phases. And then, we haven't started yet but we think there's going to be third investment right behind it.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: But you also get a top-line impact because you increase the sales dollars per unit by selling higher value products. So that's where a lot of it's coming from.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Right. And then the tax rate in Q4 is going to be around 18%.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So thank you very much. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. First, just a couple of clarification questions. You mentioned raw materials benefit of $29 million. Was that  the $29 million was, I think you said, that was concentrated in Flooring North America. But was that all in Flooring North America and there was just some marginal benefits in the other segments. And did that $29 million cover both raw materials and lower energy costs as well?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, so the $29 million is a North American segment, and that's input costs, so it includes raw materials, energy cost, labor, et cetera. And that was basically what the $29 million represented. Was that all your question or do you have another part to it?
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No, well, I guess, really it would be helpful, I think, most people thought that there would be a very large benefit primarily from raw materials. So if you're thinking about that $29 million, is that more driven by raw materials or kind of equal across the three buckets that you mentioned?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: I'd say, it's more driven by raw materials.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And the pricing giveback that you mentioned, the $20 million, is that something that began to occur this quarter? And you said it was more concentrated in the lower end. On a relative basis, is your mid-to-higher price products holding up a bit better then?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: It's price mix. It's the two things combined, Mike. So, we have a hard time separating the two, but it's both combined. There was pricing pressure last quarter as well that we spoke to on the call as well as mix pressure. The mix pressure is coming from polyester, with lower cost product, that's causing a de-mixing in the industry as well as with ourselves.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: One of the things with polyester, on average it could sell for 10% or more/less than an equivalent Nylon product. So, as the industry has moved, you've lost a significant amount of top line revenues in the industry going to lower cost products which decreases the revenues of the entire industry.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And just last question, bigger picture going back to your multi-year acquisition strategy. Obviously, a lot of the recent ones have been more focused in Europe, obviously you have some very large positions already in North America, U.S. specifically. As we think out over the next three years to five years, Jeff and Frank, perhaps you could give us an overview of  from a geographic and or product perspective, where does the most opportunity lie, particularly from a geographic perspective, is it still in Europe or are you looking to other major regions across the world as well as from a product perspective?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm not sure. I agree with the first premise that says that most of what we're doing is in Europe. If you recall, Marazzi was the number two provider of ceramic manufacturing in the U.S. Pergo had the biggest part of their business in the U.S. for instance. So as we do the acquisitions of larger businesses, most of them have pieces. IVC was a very large participant in the U.S. vinyl business. So it hasn't been as one-sided even though what's happened is the offices of these companies were not in the United States but they all had big positions in the United States. As we look forward to the piece, we really are not geographic-dependent on the decisions. The question is does the business fit our strategy, does the price we pay give us the returns we want, and what's the long-term value it adds and consistency of the business and what can we do with it and it could be anywhere. However, there are certain areas of the world that it's difficult for U.S. players to play in, meaning they don't play by the same rules we do. And so areas where they don't play by the same rules, some of the things that happen is local companies in our industry don't pay taxes properly, and we do, so we try to stay away from things where there is something inherent about giving us a less than competitive position in the world, so that's a major part of the considerations when we think about different companies.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: One real last quick one for Frank, Frank, corporate expense for next year, you said $35 million for 2015, can you give us a sense directionally or rough range for next year?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: It'd be about the same.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks again.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Jeff, on the IVC acquisition, your contribution's coming in at the high end of guidance and if you look at what's left to be done, could you talk about what needs to be done to maximize contribution and maybe help us quantify how much more upside there is to those numbers and how long it takes you with that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: IVC was a very well run low cost business. And they had a very defined strategy, which they executed well. The biggest opportunities are to leverage the other relationships we have in the rest of the business to broaden the distribution of their products to continue with adding design capability to the business and expanding the distribution of the businesses. There are opportunities with best practices that we learned from them and they learned from us as we go through. We have the  they had invested  started the investment in a new LVT plant in the United States that's just coming up. So filling up the plant in the United States. They are helping us dramatically speed up the progress of the LVT plant we have in Europe that we were building coming up. And then the question is, are there other geographies or other places to move into LVT and vinyl now that we have a core competence within it and the opportunities as we consider every other product category we have.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Okay. So it sounds like from a cost perspective, you all are there, it's just how much of the IVC product you can really lever because of your organization then...?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: There is not a lot of cost take out in this business.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Yeah. Okay. And then following on the two LVT plants, what type of start-up costs do we have in third quarter, what do you all think happens in the fourth quarter and then I guess next year, how long does it take you to get to "full capacity" for those two?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Well, the startup costs in Q3 were about $8 million and it will be close to that in the fourth quarter. That's startup for  not just LVT, but for everything that we're doing, the major projects that we're doing.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And then the  going through, it's going to take most of next year to get the two LVT plants up where we want them, there was unique technologies that have never been done before, there were things put in them that  to push the limits of the technology. And some of those things to actually optimize them we're going to have to replace and sometimes the equipment can take six months or more just to get, once you decide what you want to do, to execute it. So it will take us throughout most of next year to get the plant capacity up to the level we want in both of them.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Okay. All right. Thanks. And the last question I had was  Jeff, on the North American flooring it looks like your core growth was about 3.5%, 4%. You all have gone to this new structure, could you help us out, how much do you think was the organic demand that was going on in the market versus the new structure and as you move, as this structure gets embedded over the next three months, six months, nine months, would that provide any tangible, meaningful incremental growth to this business?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think what it's going to do is help us in multiple different ways. One is, it's going to help us broaden the distribution of all the pieces. So, by putting them all together, you have the same management sitting on top, that's trying to figure out, how to use the relationships between all the different pieces and drive it. How to use the operational excellence and ideas we have across the business as you go through. How to use the distribution structures as we go through. The combination of all these things, there's a lot of overlap in these hard surfaces, because we have the direct sales forces all reported to the old segment. Now by having them together is one of the reasons we're expanding the sales organizations even more, to push the products through the marketplace as well. It's also going to help us focus on the independent distributors, and bring them more unique products, differentiate them more and expand our distribution there. And then you have just the best practices across the pieces of sharing resources. So, longer-term, they are all incremental pieces, you're not going to see it as one big lump anywhere.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. Thank you, this is actually Matt (56:24) on for Mike. Thanks for taking my questions. So first, just following up on the earlier questions on lower pricing and the sales investments in the carpet category. Assuming no change to input cost, would you say that what we saw in the third quarter would be in line with what we should expect going forward or would there be risk to kind of incremental promotional activity from here?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: First of all, remember that we're highly seasonal from quarter-to-quarter, and you can't take one quarter's margin and apply it to the year. So, what we've said is that the margin improvement that we've had, we expect to see continued margin improvement year-over-year, but that doesn't mean that the same margin in the third quarter is the annual margin as we go through. Our expectations are that next year you will continue to see improved margins and improved sales from all the investments and strategies we're putting together. We've spent a lot of time differentiating the products and new innovations that we bring into the marketplace. And I think that our service and quality continues to improve. But I think that we're improving our position in the market.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Understood. Thank you. And then just on the organic growth in Flooring North America. You delivered pretty healthy growth in the legacy business. So understanding that you don't disclose the actual results under the old structure. But just wondering if you could break down the relative performance of the carpet and laminate, wood categories. Just to help us kind of better understand the sources of that growth? Thank you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The Flooring North American sales were up about 4% on a comparable basis. The carpet grew the slowest, and remember that polyesters reducing the average selling price offsetting some of the top-line within it. Our rugs and hard surfaces are growing faster than carpet for  the industry is growing faster and our categories are growing faster. And then with the new IVC, we're putting in new products in our different brands as we go through. And we expect our vinyl sales to increase and fill up the new plant we're just building.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Josh (58:55) filling in for Sam. Thanks for taking my questions. Just to clarify on that last answer, your carpet business did grow or can you give us a sense of how it performed relative to the industry?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The industry numbers that we have, we think were about flat, with the residential lower and the commercial higher. And our business, our residential business was probably similar. And in the commercial, we said, we have been changing the product line, so we're dropping a higher level of products replacing them, but we're getting huge benefits in the cost and margins.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. And do you have any outlook or color you can give us on industry pricing over the next couple of quarters within carpet?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The carpet industry is competitive. There have been, like you would expect, more pressure on the commodity products than the other, with the raw materials coming down, we've given some of it back. And we'll continue to react to the market and hold our positions.
Unknown Speaker: And last one from me, could you give us a feel of what some of the puts and takes were on the ceramic margin sequentially  why it was down a little bit on somewhat similar sales?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Well, I mean, it's hard to compare the margin sequentially, because you got seasonality. So, for example, you've got the European business in the ceramic segment, and that's going to be slower in the third quarter than it is in second quarter. I mean, what we try to look at is how the margins improved compared to where they were a year ago.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. Congratulations on the quarter, and good luck with the next one.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates: Hey, Frank. Just a quick one to follow-up on the North American growth. If carpet was flattish, does that imply that the other categories, primarily laminate, wood were up high-single, double-digits in the quarter?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Sure. Laminate, wood, vinyl, everything else we sell.
Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates: And the leading areas within the channel, I guess, if that's as strong as high single-digit, low double-digit, where are you seeing the strongest growth channel-wise?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: I think that our business is doing reasonably well in all the channels. I don't think one of them is different.
Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay. Appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh with Stifel. Your line is open.
John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you, and now good afternoon. Listening to all the activities in Q3, it sounds like you gave the whole management team vacation in the last quarter, Jeff. I was going to ask three different questions, but now your stock's off $11, I am presuming on this fear that your carpet margins are collapsing because you're giving back pricing. Could you perhaps clarify a little bit for folks on the line here that first of all not all your raw materials in carpet are virgin chemicals, and talk about the recycled content and corn. And perhaps address what I think is a misperception, that your carpet margins are down in the third quarter and or going to be down in the future. Thank you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, I think the clarification on oil is that in our carpet business, a large part of the materials are from oil. But over time, we've developed two large categories, which are significant to our business. One is recycled polyester, which the majority of our polyester comes from recycled bottles, which doesn't follow exactly the oil prices. The second is that we have our SmartStrand category, which comes from corn, which also follows different ones. Now, they're related in some ways and not related, but they are not directly related. The second is that, besides the improvement in the raw materials, the investments we're making, we're getting huge productivity improvements across the business. And then, we spend a huge amount of effort differentiating our products and bringing new products into the marketplace to improve our mix, relative to the marketplace. Now with that, we have been selling more of the lower priced pieces as something but we still have a much higher mix than the industry average, because of all the merchandising and marketing we do. We are confident that we're going to continue improving our profitability in the business going forward. However, we're going to have to react to market pressures just as in every other category, because we think that we're investing significantly more than most of the industry, and we think we're executing better. So we're quite confident about the direction that we're going and where we're positioned.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: And just to clarify, John, one more time, the soft surface margins have shown improvement year-over-year.
John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. And I think your comment was that you expected that to continue into 2016, correct?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Expecting our margins in each of our three segments to continue in fourth quarter and then through 2016.
John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. And then, just as a follow-up, could you comment maybe on your intensity, your appetite for acquisitions. If you're going to be close to two times leverage here by the end of the year, that's kind of been historically a trigger point. And then maybe, Frank, a comment on roughly where free cash flow annualized is running? Thank you, and good luck.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We've done a lot of acquisitions in the last two years or three years. We've done significant ones this year. Even with that we generate a huge amount of cash as well as our EBITDA is going up, both paying down debt and increasing our capacity. With those things, we have the balance sheet to invest significantly more in internal capital as well as acquisitions if we find the right businesses at the right values. And we're aggressively looking for those things. However, we're only going to do it if we like the returns on the investment and the risk levels.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: And on the free cash flow question, John, the third quarter was about $265 million and for the year we'd estimate it'd be $530 million or $540 million, in that range.
John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good luck.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phillip Lewis with Security Capital Brothers (sic) [Security Capital Brokerage]. Your line is open.
Phillip A. Lewis - Security Captial Brokerage, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys, and congratulations on the quarter. Just quick, just to clarify, the emphasis on hiring the new specialized sales folks. Is that going to be across all the channels?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We have different sales forces going into different channels, each of the businesses is different. So, I mean in my carpet business, I have multiple sales forces selling carpet into specialty retail. I have specialized sales forces going into the builder and multi-family channel, I have multiple specialized business sales forces going into the commercial business, and in all those things, I have similar variations of that in the other businesses. We are increasing the sales forces in all of them, positioning ourselves to be more aggressive than we have in the past. We're confident about our position and products we're bringing to market, and we believe that we can help our growth and profits by putting these investments in today.
Phillip A. Lewis - Security Captial Brokerage, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. That was very helpful.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Jason Smith with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Laura Champine - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi, guys. It's actually Laura Champine. My question is on the pricing actions. It's clear that you're giving up some pricing to offset the cost savings you have. Are those actions over in your view? Or are they more  is there more that needs to be done in the current quarter?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The pricing actions are related to competitive situations in the marketplace. We will remain competitive and as the market changes, we have to change with it or our customers will find other alternatives, the market has been fairly disciplined up to now, and given what's gone on in the raw materials, I think that the industry is doing reasonably well, and I don't see anything that's going to change it in the near future.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: And, Laura, I'd add too, that both on the raw material front and the pricing front, for the quarter it was where we expected. It was in line with our expectations.
Laura Champine - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions. I turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum, for closing comments.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. We have a distinctive culture that drives product differentiation, operational efficiency and customer commitment. We operate our business in a decentralized manner that creates competitive advantages, while driving best practices across our total enterprise. Our capability to execute acquisitions and broaden our products and geographies provides unique opportunities to Mohawk. Our substantial cash flow and debt capacity will enable us to sustain both our internal and external expansions. Thank you for joining us. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc. Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Laura Champine - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Phillip Alexeev Lewis - Security Capital Brokerage, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Mike, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome, everyone, to the Mohawk Industries' Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, August 7, 2015. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin, CFO. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor conference call. Today, we'll update you on the company's results for the second quarter of 2015 and provide guidance for the third quarter. I'd like to remind, everyone, that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Frank. During the second quarter, Mohawk's performance was strong, particularly when considering the currency headwinds we faced. For the period, our earnings per share were $2.69, excluding unusual charges. The highest quarterly adjusted EPS in the company's history. On a constant exchange basis, revenues grew across all segments with second quarter net sales increasing approximately 7%. Our adjusted operating margin was approximately 14%, an increase of 21%, or 240 basis points, compared to the prior year, due to the performance of our differentiated products, higher volume, improved productivity and costs across the enterprise. In May, we completed the purchase of Kai, the leading position in the Bulgarian and Romanian markets as well as positioning us as a low-cost producer. In mid-June, we completed the acquisition of IVC, providing us with leading position in luxury vinyl tile, and sheet vinyl on both sides of the Atlantic. For the periods of two acquisitions were more accretive than we anticipated to EPS. The IVC and Kai acquisitions have compelling long-term potential and expand our business into new product categories and new markets. In both acquisitions, we gained the best in category management team, to implement our strategies and optimize the years of Mohawk's assets and knowledge across the enterprise. To maximize our growth, we've invested more into the businesses, including developing differentiated products, hiring more sales people, increasing our product sampling and merchandising. Our capital investments are adding capacity where needed to meet growing demand and increasing our margins through improved efficiencies and reduced costs. Even while we significantly invest in the business, we're generating higher cash flows. We continue to refine the management of our inventory, which improves our working capital turnover, and benefits our serviced levels. As expected, material prices improved, allowing us to recover some of the margins, we previously lost to inflation. Going forward, our investments and acquisitions in our existing businesses will position us to further expand sales and improve margins with design leadership, operational efficiencies and distribution advantages. During the period, the U.S. economy strength was reflected in an increase in new housing construction. In June, existing home sales rose to the highest level in eight years, which supports the Harvard LIRA projection for stronger remodeling investments in the future. And improving U.S. job market continues to support strong consumer confidence and should increase consumer spending. The consensus among commercial construction forecast is for continued growth with hospitality, office and retail sector leading overall spending. Mexico's GDP growth is projected to continue with a rebound in residential construction contributing to higher ceramic sale. Now that the immediate Greek crisis has been addressed, Europe appears likely to maintain the momentum created by lower interest rates and more private sector loans. The Russian economy remains challenging with significant inflation. Although government actions including lower interest rates, subsidized mortgages and new infrastructure investments should provide some benefit. During the second quarter, the company realigned its reportable segments organizing its carpet, wood, laminate and newly acquired vinyl operations by geography into Flooring North America segment and the Flooring Rest of World segment. Our Global Ceramic segment remains unchanged with the addition of Kai in Eastern Europe. The management of the business has been realigned with this change and will allow us to optimize our operations and sales by region, while coordinating our technology, manufacturing and product development across the enterprise. We expect to gain synergies through enhanced customer relationships, better utilization of our assets and distribution systems, and the implementation of best practices. And with that, I'll review the second quarter performance by our segments. As I mentioned earlier, we continue to operate our Global Ceramic businesses in the past with all of our locations under one umbrella in order to optimize our design and technology resources and balance our manufacturing capabilities around the world. On a pro-forma basis, ceramic has become the largest product category in our portfolio, constituting over 35% of our total revenues. For the quarter, our Global Ceramic segment's adjusted operating margin was approximately 16%, up 220 basis points as our mix, volume and productivity improved. The segment sales were down 1% as reported, or up approximately 8% on a constant exchange rate, including two months of Kai's results in the quarter. Our U.S. Ceramic business continues to build momentum across all channels with stronger growth in residential, new construction and commercial sectors. Our Marazzi acquisition has now been completely integrated and all functions in the business are working under a unified strategy. By utilizing the expertise of our global talent, we're leading the market place in innovative design, which is differentiating our products and improving our mix. This year, we're on track to place our statement ceramic boutiques in more than 250 of the country's top retailers. We're continuing to expand the exclusive agreements to supply the nation's largest builder and multi-family businesses. Our broad product offering is allowing our distributors to meet customer needs without the inventory burden required with importing products. Home centers are increasing their focus on ceramic and we're gaining share in the channel. As the economy improves, the commercial category continues to gain traction with hotels, restaurants, shopping centers and schools investing more to improve their facility. We are adding sales personnel, service centers and showrooms to maximize our U.S. sale and are utilizing our worldwide assets to supplement our local production. The construction of our new Tennessee ceramic facility continues to progress. And the installation of equipment has begun. We have recently completed the acquisition of a small ceramic plant in Baja, Mexico, which will expand our position in Western Mexico and in the Southwestern United States market. In Mexico, our sales continued their rapid growth as the economy expands and we grow our market share. During the period, our new product introductions positively impacted our mix and margins. We're leading the market in realistic wood and stone designs, larger sizes and specialized designs. We continue to grow our distribution footprint and increase the specification of our products on new projects. In our European ceramic business, our investments have significantly improved our product offering, sales and margins. During the period, our new collections represented 40% of sale, as we continue to aggressively discontinue older, underperforming collections. Three new production lines in Italy started up during the quarter and are operating well as volume and yields increase ahead of our plan. We anticipate that the second phase of our planned equipment upgrades in our European ceramic will be completed in the third quarter and we have ordered additional equipment for the next phase. Just as we led the industry in the introduction of wood ceramic planks, we are now setting the styling trends with smaller sizes and blocks and hexagon shapes and creating an increasingly popular outdoor thick tile that competes with natural stone. The KAI acquisition expands our Eastern European business and creates opportunities to ship Kai products into other markets. A new production line with digital printing has just been installed in Bulgaria and we have identified process improvements and best practices to refine the capabilities and efficiencies of the KAI operations. We are planning to implement our existing business systems into KAI to provide greater control, identify opportunities and increase responsiveness to customer needs. The Russian economy continues to decline, creating pressure on the country's ceramic industry. Our second quarter revenues were up on a local basis as we grew market share in a contracting environment. Inflation caused by the weak ruble has reduced European imports into the Russian market, increasing our ability to gain market share through greater participation in the DIY and new construction channels and by pursuing additional sales in the value categories. We have increased prices in the market by 10%, but have not covered all the inflation we have incurred. Our new product introductions are enhancing our average selling price and we are seeing significant growth in our higher-end porcelain products. We're investing to expand distribution in our franchised and company-owned retail stores and we're planning an expansion of our manufacturing capacity of larger sizes and premium commercial products. During the period, our Flooring North America segment adjusted operating income increased 40%, achieving a margin of approximately 12%. All product categories contributed to the increase through productivity and lower cost offset by mix and the start-up of costs related to our new U.S. LVT plant. Segment sales increased by approximately 3%, including about three weeks of IVC North America results. Raw material prices have not changed with the recent oil decline and we anticipate that the second half material purchase prices will be stable. Compared to last year, we expect to have a margin benefit as costs flow through. Our SG&A was slightly higher in this segment as we increased investments in both our residential and commercial sales forces as well as new merchandising to showcase our products. We continue increasing our investments in new sales personnel and product samples throughout the second half of the year. During the period, sales of carpet, tile, laminate, wood, rugs and vinyl increased, with broadloom carpet down slightly. Mohawk's soft surface sales performed in line with the industry, but were slower than anticipated as soft surface residential remodeling continue to lag and the growth of polyester lowered our average selling prices. Our commercial broadloom sales were temporary impacted as we transitioned from a high-cost manufacturing process to a more efficient one. This change enhanced our margins but temporarily reduced sales growth, as we dropped a higher number of products. Our premium Karastan builder of multifamily product categories in hard and soft surfaces are performing better. Our new residential carpet introductions are gaining traction and should improve our remodeling business. We anticipate these products will enhance our performance at the mid to high-end price points and improve our mix in the second half. As the market gains traction from increased consumer traffic, our rug sales improved due to innovative designs and proprietary fiber technology. We're implementing a new mat technology, which will extend our product offering and increase our participation in the commercial and utility mat category. We continue to deliver strong growth with our carpet tile squares and planks. The sales of our new Duracolor high-performance carpets are expanding rapidly and improving our margins. At the recent NeoCon show, we were recognized for our new introductions in both broadloom and modular tile, and we won the top product design award at the National Hospitality Show. Our service levels as well as internal and external quality continue to show improvement. This quarter we announced the closing of a yarn manufacturing facility, initiated the consolidation of our woven manufacturing and eliminated four regional warehouses. These initiatives should be complete by the end of the year. Our logistics organization continues to improve the speed of our service while improving load factors and vehicle utilization. Our commitment to safety has reduced our OSHA recordable rate to world-class levels, lowering our costs and, more importantly, reducing the number of people hurt on the job. As a reminder, this segment now includes our North American laminate, wood and vinyl operations as well as rugs and carpet. Sales of our hard surface products are growing faster than carpet due to their increasing use in new home construction and residential remodeling. In all of these hard surface categories, we are increasing our participation in the home center channel and expanding our partnerships with national and regional builders. The marketplace has embraced our new product introductions, including longer and wider engineered wood planks, laminates featuring deeper more realistic textures with water-resistant technology. This month we are launching our new high-end double stain wood collections that offer rich multicolor visuals. Our hard surface margins benefited from higher volume, plant productivity and cost containment initiatives. Our acquired and legacy U.S. sheet vinyl and LVT business performed well during the period. With IVC, we are leveraging Mohawk's relationship to expand our vinyl sheet and LVT sales in all channels. We're investing in innovative products with market-leading designs and features, including new collections with more realistic visuals, as well as phthalate-free vinyl collections with lower emissions. Our new LVT plant in Georgia is starting up and we are training personnel to support the operation. We continue to improve the productivity and yield as we refine the manufacturing processes. For the period, the Flooring Rest of the World segment's adjusted operating margin was 18.5%, an increase of 250 basis points over last year, driven by improved volume, productivity initiatives and lower costs, offset by the start-up expenses of our new Belgian LVT plant and a translation impact of the stronger dollar. Net sales for this segment were down approximately 7% as reported, but were up approximately 13% on a constant exchange rate basis, including about three weeks of IVC sales in Europe. Sales of almost all product categories improved over the prior year with our new laminate introductions enhancing our market position. Improvements in our laminate manufacturing facilities drove down cost and expanded our capacity, which had inhibited sales of our new collections earlier this year. During the period, we had strong sales growth in Eastern Europe, Australia and Russia. Although, we are announcing a slowdown in our Russian laminate business, as the economy weakens. Across Europe, we are investing in consumer advertising, this fall to promote our brands and new collections. Our Czech wood plant is now operating near capacity with improved cost and margins. Although, currency translation of wood products shipped from Malaysia impacted our costs. Our Belgian LVT sales continued to increase as we broaden our product offering, increased production and improved manufacturing cost and quality. Additional equipment will be installed at the end of the year and during the first of next year to increase the plant's capacity. Our insulation board and roof panel sales and margins are improving. We're implement  equipment upgrades in our board manufacturing facilities to optimize our Spano and Unilin assets. We have numerous projects underway to enhance the mix and cost of our board offerings to increase our margins. The IVC acquisition has a strong management team, leading manufacturing capabilities, and new market opportunities that we're going to optimize with our existing business. We have realigned the sales and manufacturing organizations and identified best practices to enhance our combined laminate, vinyl and panel businesses. I'll now turn the call over to Frank, to review the financial performance for the period.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $2.042 billion, slightly down at about 0.3%. They were up 4% on a pro forma basis using a constant exchange rate. All segments grew in local currency with FX reducing sales of approximately $141million in the quarter. Our gross margin was 30.1% as reported, or excluding charges 31%, that's up 260 basis points from last year with increased volume, better productivity and lower cost driving the improvement. SG&A, as reported, was $359 million, excluding charges, it was 17.2% of sales. That's up 20 basis points over last year as we are investing back into the business by expanding our sales force, and increasing sampling, and merchandising. Restructuring and acquisition costs were $27 million with about $19 million in cost of goods sold and $8 million in SG&A. Of the total, $14 million related to the IVC and Kai acquisitions, with the balance for plant closures in the Flooring North American segment and continuing integration plant closures with the Spano and Unilin businesses. We estimate $35 million to $40 million of additional restructuring in the last half of 2015. Our operating margin, excluding charges was 13.8%, up 240 basis points with FX impacting results by approximately $25 million, compared to last year. Our interest expense was $17 million, it's down about $4 million, due to the redemption of $254 million of our 2016 bonds last year, and the introduction of our U.S. commercial paper program, both yielding lower rates. Other expense was $3 million, unfavorable to last year by $4 million, due to transactional FX impacts. The income tax rate for the quarter was 24.3%, compared to 24.5% last year. We estimate the full-year tax rate to be 22% to 23% for 2015. And in 2016, we're estimating 24% to 25% as our full-year tax rate. Earnings per share, excluding charges, was $2.69, that's up 22% from last year. EPS would have been $2.95, or $0.26 higher using a constant exchange rate. If we turn to the segments, in the Global Ceramic segment, sales were $790 million, down 1% as reported, which includes $18 million from the Kai acquisition. And we were up approximately 6% on a pro-forma basis using a constant exchange rate. FX was a $69 million headwind to sales in the quarter. All regions were up on a local currency basis, compared to last year. Our operating margin, excluding charges, was 15.6%, up 220 basis points from positive volume mix and productivity. FX was a headwind here by approximately $12 million. In the Flooring North American segment, sales were $920 million, up 3% and this includes $10 million from the IVC acquisition. We had increased volumes in all of our product categories, except for broadloom carpet. The operating margin, excluding charges, was 11.7%, up 310 basis points with productivity, lower costs and higher volume increasing margins. In the second quarter, our North American segment included a $14 million benefit from input costs of raw materials, labor, energy and SG&A, which had different impacts on the margins. We anticipate additional margin benefit in the second half of this year, compared to last year from further FIFO inventory flow through, which typically takes one to two quarters. In the Flooring Rest of World segments, sales were $332 million, down 7% as reported and this includes $28 million from the IVC acquisition. Sales were up 5% on a pro-forma basis using a constant exchange rate. The declining euro reduced sales by about $72 million, compared to last year. Operating margin, excluding charges in this segment, was 18.5%, up 250 basis points, due to higher volume, lower cost and productivity. Again, with the weak euro, negatively impacting results by $13 million. In the corporate and eliminations segment, the operating loss, excluding acquisition charges, was $10 million. We're expecting a full-year loss of $35 million in the eliminations segment. If we move to the balance sheet. Cash ended the quarter at about a $170 million, that's up from last year with residual cash from the acquisitions in Europe. We will use this residual amounts in the third quarter to pay down our European revolver. Receivables ended the quarter at $1.388 billion with days sales outstanding at 54 days, slightly up from 52 days last year. The days were primarily impacted by channel mix changes during the quarter. Inventories were $1.592 billion. Our days actually improved to 106 days, compared to 109 days last year, as we are focused on inventory management. Fixed assets were $3.015 billion, and these included CapEx of a $123 million for the second quarter with depreciation and amortization of $88 million. We estimate CapEx of $515 million for the full year of 2015, with depreciation and amortization estimated at $370 million. These both include the IVC and Kai acquisitions. Long-term debt was $3.5 billion at the end of the quarter, with a leverage at 2.6 times debt times EBITDA. We recently executed a $1 billion commercial paper program in Europe, which will allow us to replace our current $600 million European revolver with lower rate debt in the third quarter. Based on current rates, this equates to approximately $5 million to $6 million in annual interest savings. With that, I'll turn it back over to you Jeff.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Frank. The U.S. economy should continue to improve, strengthening both the residential and commercial flooring markets. During the third quarter, we anticipate that U.S. sales and margins and all our product categories will improve over last year. In Mexico, we expect our sales and margin expansion to continue and our ceramic market is growing strongly. Our European business should continue to improve with the economy, as we benefit from our new ceramic manufacturing asset and other investments we've made. Even though Russia should be more difficult going forward, we expect to gain market share by expanding our position in all channels. In the third period, we will continue to absorb start-up cost related to our many investments, including two new LVT plants, a new ceramic plant, a major upgrade in equipment across the enterprise, our new acquisition of vinyl in the U.S. and Europe and ceramic in Eastern Europe and Western Mexico will improve our results and long-term value. Taking all these factors into account, our guidance for the third quarter earnings is $2.91 to $2.99 per share, excluding any restructuring charges. Our third quarter earnings guidance would have been approximately $0.24 per share higher on a constant exchange rate relative to last year. Our business is benefiting from years of thoughtful investments in new equipment and acquisitions. In addition to being the world's largest flooring manufacturer, we have the most comprehensive product portfolio with the best brands and assets. Our management team is the strongest in history with well-developed strategies and the expertise to fully execute them. The foreign currency is creating headwinds, most of our markets are improving and we are growing on a local basis. We anticipate continued improvement of our performance through further new investments and carefully selected acquisitions. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of James Armstrong from Vertical Research.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a good quarter. First question is, in U.S. flooring, costs were down in the quarter, like you said, for many of the grades. Did you see the impact of lower wood costs and do you expect to have to pass those lower costs along, or do you anticipate keeping the delta in those costs for the foreseeable future?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Was that a wood question or carpet question or both?
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Wood question. It's a wood question and a little bit of both. So, if you could address wood and oil as well maybe.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Our U.S. wood sales and margins are growing. We're seeing growth in the engineered woods with new products improving our sales and mix. The market prices in the wood and carpet seem to be relatively stable at this point. Although, there are continued promotions, as well as competition in the commodity categories, as well as some mix decline in the various categories.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: We had a slight benefit from input costs in that segment.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay, so just a slight one. That helps. And then switching gears a little. In the Russian market that you compete in, what do you believe your market share has grown to at this point? And do you think there's still room for significant market share gains in that region?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Listen, the market in Russia is fractured. And we're the largest and we're somewhere in the mid-teens or a little more. So there's huge opportunities over there to grow the business.
James H. Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. That helps. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Stephen Kim from Barclays.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks very much guys and congratulations on a strong quarter. My first question relates to the acquisitions that came in this quarter, KAI and IVC. I was curious if you could give us a little bit more color about what drove the upside to your previous guide. If you could give us a sense for  maybe update us on what you're expecting for the remainder of the year from the combined two. And with respect to IVC specifically, do you think there's the kind of operational improvements similar to what we've been seeing you doing in Marazzi at IVC? Or is it a different kind of a story there?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So the acquisition results were slightly better than we expected. But our expectation, there is a lot moving parts when  at the time, we hadn't even closed the piece and knew what it was. So to give you a better view of the future, the acquisition earnings for the third quarter embedded in our guidance is about $0.20 a share to $0.25 a share to give you some basis to understand the future. With that, the organizations are really working well together. We're implementing best practices in-line to cross it. At the same time, we are absorbing start-up costs for the new LVT plant and new laminate manufacturing plant in the IVC acquisition. The IVC acquisition will not have the same synergies out of taking costs out. They were a highly efficient organization, so increasing the market share, broadening the business and selling more with it. We think the synergies, there are synergies, though, in leveraging the business relationships, the design capability, the transportation and distribution and then all the best practices across both businesses we'll learn from each other.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. I appreciate that color. And then I guess the second question relates to your commentary about the sales growth. I think you had mentioned that you expected to see sales growth improving in all your segments. But did you mean if you zoom in on the Flooring North American portion, do you think that you're going to see sales growth in, let's say, resi commercial, resi remodel as well? And that comment about sales growth improvement in all three segments. was that ex-acquisitions or inclusive of acquisitions?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, I think that we'll see sales growth in all the categories. We've put a lot of effort into the carpet business to put out products and things that are improving. I think we're well positioned going into the fall with the pieces. So we think the rugs and hard surface categories are growing in the marketplace and we're growing our share within them. Offsetting that a little bit is the polyester products. The more we sell polyester relative to other products that swap them out, we and the industry end up with a lower revenue line because they sell at lower prices. So that's impacting both us and the industry.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks very much, guys. Good job.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood from Macquarie Capital. Your line is open.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Excellent execution, guys. Over the past three years, your SG&A has gone up by less than half of the sales increase. I imagine that's driven by a combination of that capital spending you've done and also integrating the acquisitions. I guess the question is, with SG&A having leverage over the past few years, what inning are you with the pay-off of that CapEx? I guess it's been about $1.1 billion over the past two years. And what attractive returns are you seeing in the proposals that the division presidents are giving you today from when you first started this accelerated CapEx?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: CapEx projects across the piece, some of them are in the expanding the capacities of the business like the new plant in the ceramic business or somewhere else. We also put in new capacity to manufacture more polyester product. So a portion of it's going to align the business with the revenues and the mix changes that are going in them. Then over the pieces, the projects range anywhere from typically two-year paybacks to five-year paybacks across the business, and they're all over. We think that we'll continue getting benefits from all these things over the next year. The large projects typically take x months to put them in plus get benefit. The ceramic business for instance, you start putting in a plant, it takes a year and half or so to put it up, it takes another year to ramp it up and get the benefits out of it on an existing business where we have the sales. You go into a new product category, like you do in LVT, not only do you have the same start-up pieces, you have to build the market and customer base to go along with it, so you start out with losses that last a while until you get the volume to go through it and then you start getting the benefit when you get it up to the appropriate level for each investment.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. And then I think in the past you've said that 5% to 7% is a more typical organic growth in a cyclical recovery for flooring. And you're doing 4% now but it sounds like you're, just based on all the initiatives you're doing, it sounds like there's some market share gains there. Just curious what you think is holding that recovery back from getting to those more normal growth rates?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think what's happening is the flooring industry is probably growing my estimate somewhere close to 4% this year is about the whole industry. However, we have larger participation in the carpet business and the laminate business, which are growing les Also, those categories don't have as much participation in the new home construction as the other ones do, so there's a channel mix going on as well. And then the laminate business had almost none in the commercial business. So there's a channel mix difference as well as a product mix difference going on.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Laura Champine - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Good morning. If we go back just for a hot second to the old segments, would the carpet business have shown a greater EBIT margin improvement, or would that be the Unilin North American business with stronger margin improvement in Q2?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Laura, what we tried to do to stay out of this scenario here is to give you guys in the 8-K we filed restated prior quarters in the current format so that you can understand the business a little bit better. And we're not getting into that level of granularly in terms of different product categories within the new segments right now.
Laura Champine - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Got it. I guess the point of the question is to see, and I know this  you get a bigger benefit in later quarters, but is to see how much the benefit of lower costs in your carpet business in the U.S. helped you into kind of gauge that versus the productivity improvements, I think you're seeing in other parts of the business in North America. So any comment you could make on that would be great.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Yeah. Let me try to address that. So, we're in the North American segment, the largest driver of the margin improvement was productivity with input cost being the next largest. And we expect that business in all of our segments actually from a margin standpoint to improve as you compare year-over-year this year to last year. And then, I think the other thing is that the raw material benefit, the input benefits that I'd mentioned earlier in my comments in that segment was about $14 million, and we're expecting the input benefit from carpets to improve as we move through the year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Just as a comment, the inputs include labor, they include materials, they include energy, they are offsetting up and down in all the different pieces.
Laura Champine - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill from Zelman & Associates. Your line is open.
Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates: Hi, thank you. I just wanted to go back to the comment you made on the accretion from the acquisitions. I think you said $0.20 to $0.25 in the third quarter. And I guess taking an assumption on annualizing that, it would seem like a 50%, 60% increase from your initial guidance. I just wanted to confirm then if that's directionally right. Maybe you could piece out a little bit what's so much stronger now, whether that's revenue or expenses now that you've been in the businesses?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It has increased significantly from where we started. At different points in time, we have the accounting that you have to do and where you apply it and what the costs are going to be and what the depreciation and things are going to be. So we now know what's it's going to be versus a few months ago we were guessing at what it was going to be. And then at the same time, I think that the businesses have done a little better than we anticipated, than we had expected in the various pieces.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: I would just say be careful about just taking that number times 4 to come up with a full year accretion  number of accretions we've got, seasonality and things such as that that would impact that differently.
Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates: Yeah, I was getting to a smaller multiple, but I guess when you think about the accounting differences there or adjustments that you talked about. Is the cash or kind of the core cash flow basis a lot stronger as well?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Your question is are the revenues and the margins better, I guess with cash? And from what our original estimates were, I think probably a little better.
Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay, very good. And then just one other, if you think about the incremental margins that you've talked about, Frank, in the past, even with all the investments that you've highlighted today and in prior quarters in the business and a lot of different sales efforts and so forth, the incremental margins I think continue to be very strong, even if you back out any raw material benefits. I'm just wondering if, as you look forward over the next couple of years, is the incremental margin opportunity stronger than maybe what you've talked about in the past as you brought a lot of these organizations together? Or is the investments, that you are making, going to be something that's consistent and so the incremental margins remain at these levels?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: I would say our current thinking on incremental margins for the three segments today, as we've restructured them, is in the North American segment, those margins would be kind of in the low 20% range. Ceramic stays as is at about 25% and rest of world is around 30%.
Dennis P. McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks for taking my questions. The first question I had is just on the recasting of segments. You've talked about how there are some benefits across kind of the combination of management and distribution and capacity. Can you size up the overall benefit that you are expecting from this realignment? And how much is purely management or head count related as opposed to some combination of distribution and other assets?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The reason we changed the segments was because we felt that with the product categories we could coordinate the sales groups better. They were different of the  there were  before in the segment, one segment will be making the product and then we have the sales group in another segment and coordinating those two together to optimize them, was not that easy to do. And so by putting them all together, we should be better coordinated in optimizing the assets better. In addition to which, when you have lines of responsibility driven, something gets fixed and so by putting together the things in distribution, the things in engineering staffs, the things in purchasing, they can overlap each other in distribution. So, we think there's opportunities in all of those  it's just a small part of a whole piece to make the whole place work better.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks. And then second question, I think, in the opening comments, you noted that home centers are increasing the focus on ceramic. You are obviously growing share there. I think they've also increased the focus on things like vinyl. So I just wanted to get your thoughts on what's this coming at the expense of? Presumably it's soft surface still and how you're trying to kind of counterbalance that and thinking about kind of the residential carpet business.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The ceramic is one of the faster growing categories in the market. The vinyl is growing fast, but it's starting from a relatively low base, you can't really compare the two. We think that will both continue as far as we can see at this moment. As we've stated before and continues consumers in residential are using carpet and less places as they like the looks of the hard surface categories, we participate in all those. So, that we believe it's going to grow less than the flooring industry in total, and from our business, we're aligning ourselves to be able to compete in various categories to have low costs to reduce our SG&A structures, which we're investing more in right now, to try to expand the business. I think we're well positioned as anybody in the industry.
Michael G. Dahl - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions today. First, on LVT, obviously it's been a fast growing product category, particularly in the U.S. And with that increased demand, you're seeing a greater capacity being brought up in the North American market. Could you pass some thoughts on how you manage pricing in an environment where you have greater capacity coming online and just to clarify for listeners, where you participate in the price scale for LVT products? Thank you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The market is somewhere approaching a $1 billion. It's expected to grow at about 15% compounded rate in the U.S. to be more or less. There is new capacity coming in. So what we expect to happen is that the local producers will supply most of the growth, as well as reduce imported products into the marketplace. Within that, you're going to have different competitors with different strategies and different strengths going after different parts of the marketplace. And we see China losing share. So all that's going to be going on over the next, I don't know, two years or three years as the capacity comes in and changes. We think we're well positioned. We have the most knowledge in the category. We have a plant that's significantly larger and more backward integrated in the U.S. than others. And we have unique knowledge in  from our total businesses of creating style, design, and performance attributes that we think will give us advantages in the marketplace. So, I like where we are with it. In most new categories, as you go through the productivity increases and style and design increases and the same thing's going to happen here.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: As we've seen with some Chinese produced products for wood flooring, laminate flooring, could that bear a scar or could that be a black eye and be a benefit to the LVT product category too?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Listen, that is a concern of some people. At the same time, you have the  we believe that we will be more focused on what the consumers want in this marketplace, to be able to bring the style and design that they expect. You take out the long lead times and working capital required to do it. The obsolescence costs and things, so we think we'd bring to the market competitive things and if you look at our products, I mean, in ceramic, almost, I don't know 50% of the market's imported. I mean, we well understand how to compete against imported products.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay, great. Final question. We know that operating and cost efficiency is a constant process with any business. But that said, given the tremendous work that you've done in Europe to that end with your acquisitions, what inning are we in terms of the broad stroke production and efficiency changes and what could we expect as we look forward over the next 12 months to 18 months?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The big ones we're still implementing are we're replacing  we've just replaced a chunk of the ceramic assets. They're just getting in the second phase that we have. Those will pay benefits mostly next year. We have another phase that we're looking at that we have  are getting ready to put in in that one. We have closed plants in the board businesses, we're putting new assets in those as we speak. And then there's hundreds of projects below those as we go through. We have a saying in the business, congratulations you're half way there, and that's where we are.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson - Thompson Research Group LLC: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of John Baugh from Stifel.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you and my congrats as well. Just a couple of things quickly. Could you  I know IVC is ramping capacity both in LVT, and I believe in sheet vinyl. Could you help us? I think they did $735 million in revenue last year and then I realized there's some FX headwinds on the European part. But the U.S. part, which I think was 20%, could you give us a feel for how that's going to ramp in, say, 2015 and 2016 with the expansions coming on?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The startup is progressing. We're in the midst of training employees and speeding up the piece. So the volume of the plant is going to be approaching $175 million to $200 million when it's running, when we're utilizing all of it in the U.S., so that's ramping up. It'll take, I don't know, through next year and probably into the next year is that to go through. It depends on various strategies and how we modify the imports that we're doing or not. In the European business you have, the Mohawk plant that's ramping up and they're helping ramp it up faster and reach higher capacities and we're going to put more investments in it, and then it'll take the same  it'll take at least a couple of years to get through it. The sales in that one is the smaller plant, will be probably about a $125 million over time and that one as we go through, and then we're going to be looking for other alternatives to invest in the business and grow it even faster in all categories and geographies.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. I'm halfway there with my questions. Russia local currency EBIT, is it now trending south year-over-year, even though you're gaining revenue there locally?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: In local currency, the EBIT was slightly up over last year, both sale and EBIT were solid.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: But I don't want to mislead you. We are doing, what we have to do to grow the market share and we are so that EBIT in the quarter was up slightly, but the margin percent is going down as we do what we got to do to take market share and we're going to continue going down that path. Now at the same time, you heard we're considering adding new capacity. So as we look out, we're looking out with the capacity about two years out, so to keep driving market share and then have the capacity, when this thing turns to support it, at the same time, we have a large share of the mid-to-high end marketplace, and so, with the imports from Europe, which is most  a lot of high-end, we see other opportunities in driving the high-end piece. But you do have to understand that the market is in complete turmoil.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Understood. Thanks. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. In the prepared segments, you discussed Marazzi and some of the big manufacturing changes going on there. And you made a reference to the next phase for them. And I was going to ask you a question. What is the next step for Marazzi after all the work that you've already completed?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We changed almost all the assets in the Italian plants. There is some other assets in our Spanish plants that we're going to upgrade. And then what've been doing up to now is trying to do a good job, the goal was to basically try to maintain the volume and get out of the bad products and bad margins and drive up the margins. We're only partway along achieving it, but we have made the changes in the product, we're bringing new innovation to the marketplace, we're changing the mix within it and we're lowering our things substantially. So all those things are happening will continue. And then now for the first time since we owned it, we're looking at, do we want to increase either our capacity or go into some different markets that have opportunities and products and volume where we've been constraining it a little bit? Now, we have the new Eastern European business with KAI and there is a lot of synergy between the assets there and they tend to make low to mid-end products. And the other assets we're focused on mid to high-end products. So we think that there's opportunities to export products from Bulgaria into other parts of Europe. And we have some new capacity coming in now, just came up with it. So we think there's a lot of opportunities to dramatically increase the margins. And now we're just looking at things, how to move to top line in the market that we're hoping just getting ready to start improving.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: All right. Thank you, Jeff. Second question. As your answer talked about, a lot of stuff going on in this company right now. We're heading into the cash rich part of the year in the second half of the year, so leverage should fall. Are you still open in the market for the right acquisition? And is there a size limit which you would not go above given a lot of moving parts in Mohawk at this point?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: In our models, we believe the marketplace that our business is going to continue getting better. Our margins are going to increase, our profitability is going to continue to increase. We should be able to generate a lot of capacity to invest and our ratios of debt to cash flow will go down quickly. So our balance sheet will handle a lot of debt if we choose to use it. More importantly is, I'm not interested in being big, I'm interested in having a right businesses and getting the returns we want. So we have to find the right things and the right businesses that we like, and we're always looking. Some of them take years to get together when you do it and some take months. But we just finished the other ones, and we're starting to focus again on future opportunities.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robert Wetenhall from RBC Capital Markets.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is actually Collin (55:30) filling in for Bob. Thank you for taking my questions. A real quick on the margins for each of the new segmented categories. In the past you laid out long-term goals. Do you have any long-term goals that you could share with us for each of these categories?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, higher.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I would say in the North American segment, low to mid-teens in ceramic. And Rest of World segments in the mid-teen range.
Unknown Speaker: Great. Thank you. And then on the potential for future acquisitions, are there anything in the pipeline you guys are looking at? And are these going to be like more bolt-on or maybe the same scale as the past acquisitions have been?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Listen, we're open to anything. We don't have a formula to do it. We look for the best businesses in the category and new things, be it new geographies or new products. When we go into areas where we have strong management, either geographically and/or within a category, we will look at businesses that are under great stress and we're quite confident that we can improve them. So we're willing to do either/or. We've proven that we can move into different international markets and help those businesses and drive them and help them better, so getting into the new geographies. We're open to anything as long as we can compete on an equal basis with non-U.S. public companies in those geographies. So we're very careful about deciding where we go into it because, on an equal basis, we're quite comfortable and compete with anybody. But we don't want to be constrained with different rules than they do, is a significant part of how we think about things.
Unknown Speaker: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Stephen East from Evercore ISI.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Frank, I guess the first question for you around some raw materials. One, could you clarify, the $14 million in North American flooring, you said that that had gives and takes. So they weren't all positive contributors to that $14 million bump?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Correct. I was saying that the different items that are included in there, which is raw materials, labor, energy, SG&A, some benefited and some went the other way.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Okay. And then on ceramic, one, was nat gas a meaningful benefit, or do you expect it to be? And I know you all haven't seen any incremental from the drop in oil prices. If you look at more recent cycles, how long would it take for you all to start, if you were going to see some purchase opportunities, how long after oil drops would that come through? And then I just had one follow up on product mix.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It depends on each product and category. It can take anywhere from a two months to six months for it to show up for us and then it can take anywhere from one quarter to two quarters or more to flow through our piece. It all depends on what it is and where it is.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Got you. Okay. In the nat gas, was there any benefit on that? And then, Jeff, the other question I have is, you're seeing mix shift up on the ceramic side in North America. You're not seeing it in the carpet side. Why do you think the consumer is willing to mix shift up on ceramic, but not on the carpet side?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: There is higher selling products going on. Part of the difference is that the carpet business, the growth is coming in the new construction and multifamily businesses, where the remodel is slower. And so what's happening is you're getting a mix change there. And then at the same time, you're getting the polyester prices as we shift from nylon to polyester. We're reducing the selling prices of the industry's products with both.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: And then on your question, Stephen, for nat gas, they have declined somewhat, but those declines have been offset by increased labor and healthcare and freight costs.
Stephen F. East - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thanks. I appreciate that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Susan Maklari with UBS.
Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Hello. Just in terms of Russia, you've mentioned in your comments that you're raising prices about 10% there but you're still really not fully offsetting the inflation that you're finding. How do you think about your ability to continue to raise prices, especially while you also want to gain share? And how long do you think that that can sort of hold for?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I mean the reason I also said that my margins declined, so as we're trying to gain share, but even without gaining share, our market is in turmoil, people lower prices. So, the margins are coming down. We are positioned as the leader in the industry in the mid to high end part of the business place, which is a good place to be. With that, our new introductions are doing well, and our higher margins on the other hand to drive share, we're competing more in lower value products than we have historically. And, so that's offsetting some of it. You should expect that my competitors are going to get under more stress, and the prices are going to get under more pressure, and our margins will have to absorb that. Now I believe that, we're a very low cost producer in the marketplace, and I think, when this thing, whatever it turns out on the other side, we're going to have a much bigger, better business when we get to the other side, because of all of this, but the margins in between are going to be what they are going to be.
Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then as we look out longer-term, how should we think about CapEx going forward, given all the acquisitions and the investments that you're making?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm going to invest in anything that gives me the returns I want, given the cash flow we have, I mean we are looking to find internal projects, which gives the highest returns, the lowest returns, at the lowest risk. And so, we're going to keep investing on. We haven't set the level for next year yet, so the last two years, it's been about $450 million to $500 million as it's been, and we'll invest more if we can find the right places to put it.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: You know, Susan, as Jeff had mentioned earlier, we think we're going to generate a lot of cash flow and also our debt capacity should go up over the next few years. So we'll have a good bit of dry powder to invest in CapEx Greenfield projects or M&A.
Susan Marie Maklari - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great, thanks.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Operator: The next question is from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yeah, good morning, congrats on a great quarter. Thanks for taking my questions. Just Jeff, or Frank, I'm sorry, you gave that $14 million number for North American flooring and input benefits. Is there any way you could share with us numbers for rest of world in ceramics?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah the input cost in ceramics was a positive $4 million, input cost in rest of world was a positive $7 million.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Positive $7 million. Okay, thanks. And then I realized just late in the call, but I wonder if you could just talk a little bit about competitive environments. You discussed the competitive situation in Russia in some detail. But just as you go through your other segments, obviously you're gaining share. You've got a lot of commercial momentum right now. Can you just talk about how competitors are reacting to this? Your thoughts there would be great, would be appreciated. Thanks.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't have too many markets that aren't competitive. As everybody is trying to get their share of the different marketplaces. Let see now. I'll walk you through it, the North American market is typical. I think that a lot of the companies including us, over the last five years when we were in the downturn, everybody is trying to get their margins back to where they were before historically. I think we're doing better than most, we're well positioned. So, having the competitors wanting to improve their margins is a good thing in the marketplace. At the same time, everybody is got capacity they're trying to use. In the Mexican marketplace, we're growing our share significantly, as we expand our distribution footprint. I think that we're bringing to the marketplace new style and design, which is giving us something to sell other than price. There are also some large players and we provide another really strong alternative in the marketplace in Mexico. In European business, the ceramic business, we've been moving our business from where they were at a significant share in the lower end part of the marketplace. We're focused on driving our product mix up and significantly lowering our costs both of which we're doing. In that marketplace, we're leading the marketplace in wood designs, which is growing rapidly, and we've been doing that, we're bringing in new style and designs and really small thing at the same time. So we are selling new looks and leading looks in a marketplace, while at the same time lowering our costs. As competitors get into those different categories, we're bringing out new product categories and then as you'd suspect that things get more competitive, we're maintaining our market share by moving the prices as acquired. In the European marketplace, the laminate business is still competitive. There is a lot of excess capacity, but less. Board businesses, it seems to be some volume moving up and there is opportunities for the margins to expand dramatically as people get more comfortable with the asset utilizations over the next few years, it could happen. Russia, we already talked about, what did I miss?
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: No, that was pretty thorough. Do you expect any sort of exit of capacity from any of these major markets for you? Are there players that are going to get shaken out because they are just too high up on the cost curve?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think in Russia, there's several under stress in it. And the answer though is typically assets unless they are really bad, just change hands, is it, so for assets to get out is rare, is that they just change who owns them.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Got it. Thanks very much for the detail.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Phillip Lewis from Security Capital Brokerage.
Phillip Alexeev Lewis - Security Capital Brokerage, Inc.: Hey guys. Good quarter. My questions have already been asked, so thanks.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No problem.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum, for closing comments.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much. We had a really good quarter. We think the economy in the U.S. and around the world is going to keep helping us. We think we're doing the right things to maximize our participation in the marketplaces. And we're looking for other ways to expand further. Thank you for joining us. We appreciate it.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank Boykin - Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Andrew Brown - Longbow Research Michael Dahl - Credit Suisse Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus Stephen East - Evercore ISI Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates Susan Maklari - UBS Ryan Hunter - Macquarie Group Steven Kim - Barclays Capital Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shannon, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, May 8, 2015. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to the Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today, we will update you on the companys progress during the first quarter of 2015 and provide guidance for the second quarter. Id like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. Ill now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawks Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jeff?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. During the first quarter, Mohawk continued to deliver a strong performance. Our earnings per share were $1.70 excluding unusual charges, an increase of 38% on a constant exchange rate. The highest first quarter adjusted EPS in the companys history. During the period, our adjusted operating margin was approximately 10%, an increase of 170 basis points compared to the prior year as a result of new products, higher volume and numerous productivity issues across the enterprise. Revenues grew across all segments with first quarter sales increasing approximately 6% at a constant exchange rate adjusted for additional days and disposable  disposed ceramic plant. Our results were even more outstanding when the impact of the strengthening dollar is excluded as EPS would have been approximately $1.90 per share. During the period, we improved SG&A as a percentage of sales by 90 basis points across the business, even as we expanded our sales organization, introduced leading product innovation and implemented merchandising systems that showcase our product value. We further enhanced productivity, efficiency and inventory management across the business to reduce our costs and improve our service levels. All of our segments introduced new products with unique features and benefits to differentiate our offerings and improve our mix. As the global economy improves we are well-positioned in each of our markets to expand our sales and margins with our leading brands, product offerings and expansive distribution. During the period the U.S. economy showed some improvement with housing sales and remodeling investments softer than predicted. Consumer confidence rebounded in March with the improved job market increasing personal income. In April, the National Association of Home Builders reported a rise in builder confidence and gains in new housing starts. In March, about one-third of new home purchases were made by first-time buyers, a stronger trend that could further improve housing growth during 2015. The National Association of Realtors reported that existing home sales in March rose to the highest rate in 18 months. And Harvards LIRA index is forecasting improvement in residential remodeling. The consensus among commercial construction forecasts is for continued growth in 2015. The Mexican ceramic industry continues to expand as government support of manufacturing and construction sectors has contributed significantly to the countrys GDP growth. Europe is showing signs of improvement as the Central Bank lowers interest rates and provides greater stimulus for the economy. The Russian economy continues to slow and the government is lowering interest rates and subsidizing home mortgages. Local manufacturers are benefiting from a significant decline in higher cost imports and consumers are using their savings to purchase products before inflation impacts. Turning to a review of our first quarter performance by segment, sales in our Carpet segment grew approximately 4% on a comparable daily basis. Our adjusted operating income increased 20% with a margin of 5.5%, up 40 basis points over the prior year. Our sales of commercial carpet, rugs and hard surface products increased more than our residential carpet sales which improved as we went through the quarter. We have completed our Continuum manufacturing expansion and are increasing sales in this faster growing polyester category. As consumer demand shifts to lower priced polyester products, it is de-mixing our residential selling prices. Sales of our Mohawk branded LVT, wood and ceramic products continue to grow in both residential and commercial sectors. The business continues to drive improvement through product innovation, while enhancing our productivity with process simplification, improved product management, leading-edge technologies and material optimization. SmartStrand Forever Clean, the next generation of our exclusive SmartStrand franchise, was launched in the first quarter and continues to gain momentum in the marketplace. During the period, flooring retailers voted Forever Clean as the best new carpet introduction and the most innovative flooring product in any category. Our new residential products have been well received with commitments for over 12,000 display systems, increasing sample investment in the period. Our expanded Karastan distribution and new product introductions have increased our sales in the luxury carpet category. The dealers across the industry also chose our new Karastan Studio display as the industrys best merchandising system. Our participation in the builder multi-family channels increased as we expanded our relationships with leading accounts. In rugs, our sales mix improved in all product categories by leveraging our unique fiber technologies that differentiate our products in the marketplace. In commercial carpet, we continue to improve our sales and operating margin through innovative designs, process simplification and material optimization. To strengthen our presence in the growing educational sector we introduced the Get Smart collection which coordinates broad loom, carpet tile in squares and planks, as well as LVT to meet the needs of any institution. We are further enhancing our position in the fast-growing hospitality sector with expanded hard surface offerings, complementary carpet tile collections, and our new Definity technology as an alternative to traditional woven carpets. During the period, we reduced SG& A as a percent of sales by streamlining administrative and distribution functions while investing in additional salespeople and point-of-sale merchandising. We have completed our Continuum fiber expansion and aligned material flows to improve cost, service and inventory turns. Across this segment we delivered productivity improvements from enhanced processes, distribution efficiencies and reengineered material strategy. During the quarter, our raw material costs were higher than in the same period last year. We anticipate material costs improving in the second quarter partially offset by greater promotions, competition in commodity, and higher freight costs. All of these factors have been built into our future estimate. For the quarter, our Ceramic segment sales rose 9% with a constant exchange rate and comparable days excluding a disposed ceramic plant. For the period, our operating margins increased to approximately 12%, up 290 basis, as our product mix, manufacturing costs and SG&A improved. Our regional ceramic organizations are outperforming our competitors on a local basis as we leverage our product innovation, manufacturing expertise and distribution advantages. Our U.S. ceramic business continues to strengthen as we introduce unique products in all of our channels. In the period, new product introductions represented 25% of our total sales. We increased our average selling price in all product categories with enhanced visuals and larger formats across the range. We are supplementing our domestically produced collections with products manufactured across our global operations from Mexico, Italy and China. Our statement ceramic shop concept is improving our customer sales and margins. And we anticipate having 250 installed in the most successful ceramic retailers by year-end. As the commercial renovation market gains momentum, we are expanding the specifications of our products with major accounts across the country. Our new Tennessee ceramic manufacturing plant remains on schedule with the construction of the building now underway and staffing strategies being implemented. Across the business we delivered productivity gains to enhance material formulations, reduced labor costs and improved quality control. We have consolidated our distribution network and enhanced our logistic system to drive efficiencies and improve delivery times. For the 11th consecutive year, retailers voted one of our ceramic collections as the best in the industry, underscoring our leadership in design and technical innovation. The ceramic market in Mexico is expected to grow 7% to 10% this year and we are gaining significant share as a result of our styling and expanded distribution. Our margins are improving as we enhance our product mix and lower our costs. Were expanding our customer base as well as our participation in commercial and new construction channels. Our European ceramic sales and margins were stronger than we anticipated with growth in all of our markets except France and greater improvement in our export markets. Our focus on bringing more differentiated products to market has expanded our distribution and improved our average selling price. We have completed the installation of about half of our production upgrades and anticipate the completion of our plan in the third period. We are benefiting from the realignment of our plants and gaining efficiencies from our investments in new manufacturing technologies. During the period, new introductions accounted for almost 40% of our sales in Europe as we eliminated older products to focus on our higher value collections. We anticipate continued margin improvement throughout 2015 as this years introductions gain traction and our cost position improves from productivity gains and material enhancements. Although the Russian ceramic industry and overall economy continues to decline, our ceramic sales on a local basis rose significantly as we gained market share from imports and increased participation in new construction and DIY channels. The strong performance of porcelain collections improved our mix and volume, yielding higher operating profits in rubles than last year in a difficult environment. We raised prices in the region 10% to offset the inflation of our costs. Almost half of our sales during the period were from collections introduced since 2013. Our new product introductions this year are being well received. We are opening new franchise stores and aggressively pursuing new construction projects to enhance our market share this year while continuing to improve productivity, logistics and material optimizations. Our performance in Laminate & Wood segment was better than anticipated during the quarter on a local basis. Net sales for Laminate & Wood segment increased approximately 5% at a constant exchange rate and days basis. The segments adjusted operating income was 14%, an increase of 280 basis points over last year. The segments improved results were driven by positive volume and mix, productivity improvement and successful product introductions, offset by the stronger dollar. On a local basis, our European laminate business showed improvement with strong growth in the UK, Australia and Russia partially offset by lower sales in France. Sales of our new Impressive laminate collection have grown rapidly during  due to the products richly detailed surface and exclusive water resistant technology. Greater initial sales than we anticipated constrained some early shipments. However, our production has been expanded to support the higher projected volume. Russian laminate sales increased significantly as consumers purchased locally produced goods rather than higher-priced imports. During the period, we implemented a 6% price increase in Russia in response to inflationary pressures. Our European LVT sales continue to expand as we increase our presence in this fast-growing category. We are aggressively marketing new LVT collections produced at our facility in Belgium to achieve our product expansion goal. We are leveraging our Pergo and Quick-Step brands to increase our Czech wood sales and improve our product mix. We have increased automation at our Malaysian wood facility which is reducing our costs. In the U.S. new laminate product launches featuring our most realistic visuals and textures drove sales across all channels with retailers selecting one of our new collections as the best new laminate product, the fifth consecutive year weve received this honor. Our Style My floor app was voted by retailers as the best consumer sales tool across all product categories. Sales of our engineered wood collections increased in both our retail in new construction channels and we announced a price increase for this category during the period. Across all our U.S. Laminate & Wood operations we offset higher costs by implementing new productivity initiatives while increasing investments in merchandising and sales personnel. We continued the integration of our Belgian board business with Spano with the closure of higher cost assets, equipment upgrades to improve productivity, increased use of recycled raw material. Margins have improved from our expanded product offering, reduced SG&A and increased volume. We are introducing new insulation products, which will expand the types of applications and price options. We are adding dedicated sales personnel to increase the distribution of our insulation products. Ill now turn the call over to Frank to review our financial performance for the period.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $1.881 billion, up 4% as reported, or 6% with constant exchange rate and days. As Jeff mentioned earlier, the first quarter this year had approximately four more days and the fourth quarter will have four fewer days than last year, which had about a 6% impact on sales. All segments grew in local currency with FX reducing sales approximately $137 million compared to last year. Our gross profit margin as reported was 27.2%. Excluding restructuring it was 27.7%, up 80 basis points from last year with increased volume and productivity driving improvement. Our SG&A was $468 million or 24.9% of sales. It was 18.1% of sales excluding restructuring which is a 90 basis point improvement even after investments weve made back into the business. Restructuring and unusual charges were $138 million for the quarter of which $10 million was in cost of goods sold and $128 million in SG&A with the majority related to a previously announced settlement of a lawsuit and the balance in the Laminate & Wood acquisition restructuring and carpet plant closures. We estimate $25 million to $30 million of additional restructuring in the last three quarters of this year. Our operating margin, excluding charges, was 9.6%, up 170 basis points with FX translation impacting results approximately $21 million compared to last year. Our interest expense came in at $16 million, thats down $6 million primarily due to last years redemption of $254 million of the 2016 bonds and the implementation of our new commercial paper program. Also, weve improved our working capital management this year to drive lower interest expense. Other income was $1 million which increased $6 million  which improved $6 million, primarily due to foreign currency gains. The income tax rate was 25% for the quarter compared to 22% last year and was higher than expected this quarter due to the timing of certain deductions. We are still estimating a full-year rate of 21% to 22% in 2015. Our earnings per share excluding charges were $1.70 per share, which is up 38% from last year. If we jump to the segments, in the Carpet segment sales were $739 million, up 10% over last year, or 4% in constant days with volume increasing in rugs and hard surface products. Our operating income margin excluding charges was 5.5%, thats up 40 basis points with productivity and volume supporting higher margins, partially offset by raw materials, lower mix and higher sample replacements. In 2014, the full-year margin was up 140 basis points from a year earlier, 2013. We expect the rate of improvement in 2015 to increase as we move through this year. In the Ceramic segment, sales were $720 million, up 4% over last years reported or 9% using constant FX and days on a pro forma basis. FX impacted sales approximately $67 million, compared to last year. Operating income margin excluding charges was 11.9%, thats up 290 basis points from volume, productivity and improving price mix. FX impacted results in this segment approximately $10 million compared to last year. Our first quarter margin growth however is not sustainable, but margins will improve for the full year above last years margins. In our Laminate & Wood segment sales were $448 million, which is down 4% as reported. However, sales were up 5% on a constant FX and days basis. The declining euro reduced sales approximately $7 million versus last year. Our operating income margin excluding charges was $14.3%, thats up 280 basis points due to higher volume and operations productivity with the weak euro negatively impacting results by approximately $11 million. The margin growth rate in the first quarter will not continue throughout this year, but we do expect full year margins will improve year-over-year. In our corporate and eliminations segment, our operating loss was $10 million in the quarter and we are expecting a $30 million to $35 million loss for the full year. If we move to the balance sheet, receivables ended up at $1.159 billion with DSOs at 54 days, slightly up from 53 days last year. Inventories ended at $1.506 billion with our days improving to 112 days compared to 115 days last year. Fixed assets were $2.619 billion, which includes CapEx of $106 million in the first quarter with depreciation and amortization of $86 million. We estimate the CapEx  we estimate CapEx of $450 million for the full year in 2015 and depreciation and amortization at $375 million, excluding acquisitions. Our total long-term debt was $2.4 billion with leverage at 1.9 times debt to EBITDA. Jeff, Ill turn it back over to you at this point.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. We were pleased with our progress during the first quarter and anticipate improving U.S. economy and a stronger flooring market will benefit our business for the remainder of the year. The U.S. continued economic and income growth, low gasoline prices and interest rates, and increased home values should drive our business throughout 2015. In Europe, we are seeing improvement in some areas as the market slowly recovers from a prolonged downturn. We expect our European sales in local currency to improve slightly with new product introductions enhancing our mix along with manufacturing and productivity initiatives improving margins. In Russia, our leading brand and product positions combined with efficient manufacturing will improve our market share in a challenging economy, while increased inflation and competition will impact our margins. Throughout the business we are introducing innovative new products across all categories that are being well received in their markets generating higher growth in margins. Foreign currency will continue to negatively impact our results during the second quarter with the euro approximately 20 weaker and the ruble approximately 30% lower than last year. This will partially be mitigated by our sales and productivity initiatives, SG&A reductions, and cost improvement projects. Taking all these factors into account, our guidance for the second quarter earnings is $2.51 to $2.60 per share excluding any earnings from acquisitions or restructuring charges. Our second quarter earnings guidance would have been approximately $0.25 per share higher on a constant exchange rate relative to last year. After the close of the transactions in the second quarter, we estimate the IVC and Kai acquisitions will add $0.06 to $0.08 per share earnings in the second period. We anticipate significant opportunities in our IVC acquisition, which will expand our participation in LVT and fiberglass sheet vinyl categories in the U.S. and Europe, and our Kai acquisition, which will increase our ceramic participation in Eastern Europe. These acquisitions will improve our future growth, broaden our geographic coverage, and solidify our position as the worlds largest flooring manufacturer. Well now be glad to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David MacGregor of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Andrew Brown: Hi, guys. This is actually Andrew Brown on the line for David. We were wondering if you could just elaborate a little bit on your comments on the increased participation in the builder and multi-family channel. Specifically is that just the result of more feet on the street, new product introductions or something else, and whether the strength has been specific to any region or more of a national trend?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Its just a national strategy to make sure that we participate fully in the channel. Its been doing better during the period, so were putting more effort into it across the different divisions.
Andrew Brown: Okay. So no regions have been particularly strong?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I dont understand the question.
Andrew Brown: I was just saying no regions within the country have been stronger on a relative basis than another?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I dont have it by region here, but there is more hard surface being sold into it. Were participating more with it and making sure that were focused on the growing accounts across the country.
Andrew Brown: Okay, great. And then on the commercial carpet side, just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the growth you are saying there. Which verticals have shown relative strength or weakness?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The commercial business during the first quarter outperformed the residential business. What we see is that our margins have improved from our offering that weve created, our productivity that we are doing on new fiber innovation. Tile is growing faster than the broadloom business and the corporate category is growing faster than the others. And then we are continuing to expand our participation in the LVT business in the U.S.
Andrew Brown: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Dahl: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to start out with a question on the carpet margins. I think you mentioned that the mixed polyester, its negatively impacting selling prices. Wondering if you can comment on just what the margin impact has been there? And then also kind of what the impact from raw materials was in the first quarter and how should we think about that going forward?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: In the first quarter, our income was up 20%. The biggest parts of it were from volume and productivity partially offset by raw material costs compared to last year, a lower mix and then higher sample placements within it. The polyester products sell at anywhere from 5% to 15% cheaper than an equivalent of nylon. So as the market moves, our selling price moves down along with the industries. Just to remind you that our 2014 margins were up 140 basis points from 2013 and we expect continued improvement as we move through the year in the segment.
Frank Boykin: And Mike, I would just add, youll see in our 10-Q which will come out in a little bit, in the bridge that we do by each of the divisions that input cost inflation, which includes raw materials, was about $# million for the quarter.
Michael Dahl: Got it, okay. And then, Frank, my second question, you highlighted just the amount of improvement youve seen in SG&A, which is really  its pretty impressive when you consider absolute SG&A dollars have still been falling year-over-year despite rising sales. So just wondering your thoughts on how sustainable that is from here, especially as we start to layer on some of these acquisitions?
Frank Boykin: Well, so first off I would say our SG&A as a percent to net sales will continue to improve as we compare year-over-year as we move through the year. The other thing you have to take into consideration is if you look at SG&A on a constant exchange rate basis the value would actually be up a little bit year-over-year. So we will continue to reinvest back into the business to grow the top line, but we will be able to leverage that top line growth with a lower percent to sales.
Michael Dahl: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi, thanks for taking my question today. Just tagging onto your commentary on the Carpet segment and the input cost headwind in the quarter, conversely when you look at your guidance on a go-forward basis for Q2, how much of raw material is benefiting that segment?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We are not giving out a specific amount for the raw materials. Oil, which everyone is focused on is a component of the raw materials we use that make up the chemicals and resins that we use for us. Now in addition we have others like natural gas, corn, soda bottles and other raw materials we use, so its one of a myriad of components. The oil prices have started to rise somewhat and we are seeing some changes in our raw materials. Our raw materials are basically purchased on a market basis or on a cost plus basis, so they change continuously. But we expect benefit in the second quarter and beyond, but we havent identified a specific amount.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay, great. Thank you. And then on the IVC acquisition, is there any risk to that not closing in Q2? I know its very difficult to quantify that, but to what you can comment, what risk would there be to not closing the quarter?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Listen, I cant guarantee what the government does. We think there is a very low risk that it doesnt go through, all the antitrust filings except the EU have been approved and we anticipate the EU approval sometime in June.
Kathryn Thompson: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes of SunTrust. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. A question on LVT, are you starting to see any price moves particularly in the deflation and pricing at LVT given the capacity thats starting to come online either in the U.S. or in Europe?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: First I have to start that the LVT market is really growing rapidly and we are expecting it to be up somewhere 15% across the world in the different markets we are in, so it is absorbing it. The LVT prices was primarily driven by the Chinese across the world markets as different ones, and we dont see significant changes in the pricing of those at this point. There is more capacity coming into the marketplaces. We expect the markets to evolve. There is going to be more innovation and styling of performance in the category. We believe there are going to be different features and benefits added by the new participants, us included. There will be more differentiated products and those will have higher margins than other ones. We anticipate that our plant and others will improve manufacturing efficiencies costs over time and all this will be reflected in the market.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Switching it to carpet, you called out the mix in polyester, this has been going on for a long time. Is there anything new thats come about, or is this just a continual gradual mix shift down?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Its the same thing thats been going on for some period.
Keith Hughes: Theres no news step down or anything like that?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Its just that it keeps increasing in its proportion of the total, so it makes up a bigger part of it.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
John Baugh: Thank you for taking my questions, and good morning, congratulations. Carpet segment, theres so many pieces that arent carpet. It sounds like residential units were down, I dont know, were commercial units down also? Then you mentioned you were trending up in the quarter residentially sort of what would be your volume pure carpet, excluding rugs, for the rest of the year, Jeff?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We did not say what you said. We said that our surface products in rugs were up more. We dont give out specific pieces about each. The industry volume in carpet showed up, I think, about 3.5% in total, but the industry numbers we believe  not we believe, the industry numbers dont take into consideration changes in calendars. And we know that our calendar as well as others change, so we think that the number is a little higher than the actual pieces on comparable days that will offset itself going into the  it will take through the year to get it back in line because of the calendar changes.
John Baugh: Okay. And then my follow-up to that, but I had a question on the timing of the acquisitions as well. The follow-up to that would be any thoughts about how volumes in carpet go through the year? And then, Frank, on the two acquisitions assuming they close, any thoughts about earnings impact to the back half of the year? Thank you.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think that the carpet unit volumes will be up a limited 1%, 2% maybe; it would be more or less as we go through.
Frank Boykin: And, John, on the two acquisitions, we said 6% to 8% accretion assuming, were assuming that the Kai acquisition closes in May and the IVC acquisition closes in June, so $0.06 to $0.08 accretion.
John Baugh: Yes, I know. Any thoughts on the back half?
Frank Boykin: Oh, sorry. We havent really quantified that, Jeff.
John Baugh: Okay. Thank you.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: In our carpet business, we believe we are going to improve our mix by increasing our SmartStrand sales with our new introductions and differentiation with SmartStrand Forever Clean.
John Baugh: Great. Good luck. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East from Evercore. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Stephen East: Okay, yes, thanks. Good morning, guys. Jeff, just sort of to follow on a little bit, you gave some fairly good detail about what you all are expecting in Europe. As you look at the U.S. with your guidance, it sounds like just sort of a general market improvement that youre counting on, or is there some more thats going on specifically in the US related to your business that you think will drive your business a bit faster than maybe the industry?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We are optimistic about the industry in total and where its going and whats going on in the different markets. And in our business we have a lot of initiatives including  we mentioned that the new introductions in carpet. We have commitments for over 12,000 new display systems which will improve our retail business, which is the part that has better margins because its higher quality products. We are expanding our ceramic business and our other categories and all the businesses are doing the right things to improve more than the industry in general.
Stephen East: Okay, thanks. And then if you looked at the ceramic op margin, you talked about, okay, dont expect a similar type improvement as you go through the year. But can you talk a little bit about how much the U.S. was driving your op margin in ceramic versus Europe? And then youve talked a lot about the commercial side of the business for carpet, but can you talk a little bit about whats going on with the  on the ceramic side of commercial?
Frank Boykin: I will address the margin question and then let Jeff address the other part of the question. So in all four of our regions, Mexico, U.S., Russia, and Europe, the margin percentages improved year-over-year. Now the translation of the rubles and the euros had a negative impact obviously on Russia and Europe coming back in dollars, but the margin percentages improved in all of them. They were all  strong performance in all four.
Stephen East: Okay.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I forgot the other part of your question?
Stephen East: The other part, just whats going on with ceramic on the commercial side? You talked about carpet, but an update there. Is that driving that business?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think the ceramic business, the ceramic commercial business we have more difficulty in actually breaking it out, because a lot of the products go both ways and you cant see them. Our general belief is that the commercial business with us is growing slightly less than the other  than the residential business because so much of its going into new construction and you get higher growth rates in the new  its a much bigger part of the total category.
Stephen East: Okay. All right, thanks. And one last question, any markets giving true pricing power other than Russia with the inflation?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The pricing is really driven by mix and products, so in Europe we are increasing our pricing, but we keep talking about the product introductions. In our categories we try to differentiate the products so more of its coming from product innovation than it is coming from raising the pieces above inflationary pieces and/or reducing our cost through productivity improvements.
Stephen East: Okay. So the raw material pressures that you felt really arent  you dont truly pass them through, but only with a different product if you will?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: No, I didnt say that. We try to pass through the raw material changes. What I thought you are asking me is  was I raising prices unrelated to raw materials.
Stephen East: I was, but then I assume that you werent really changing pricing just due to raw materials, though.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So we raise prices as the raw materials change in all the marketplaces, because raw materials make up such a large part of all our categories.
Stephen East: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Robert Wetenhall: Good morning and congrats on a very nice quarter, very strong on a like-for-like basis. Hey, I just wanted to get your thinking right now on IVC and Kai acquisition in terms of how significant is this and how should we be thinking about synergies as you close on these acquisitions in May and June and any other kind of update around these transactions.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, lets start with IVC. IVC, the first to repeat what it is, they are the leading manufacturer of ceramic in the Bulgarian and Romanian marketplace and they have the low-cost positions in the marketplace. With the Kai business we are going to focus on improving their product offering in the marketplace, implementing best practices from product design to manufacturing costs et cetera and then exporting products to Western Europe to supplement our business, as well as helping them expand within the categories and regions they are in. On IVC, the main categories are leveraging the Mohawk relationships, brands and design both in the U.S. and the European markets. In the U.S. market we can help drive their products through the commercial market. There are best practices we can learn from both and then just leveraging the strong management and efficient manufacturing they have to improve those across everything and best practices in everything.
Frank Boykin: And Bob, I would just add with regards to how big or how significant they are, we had guided the EPS accretion in the first 12 months because we never know exactly when they are going to close  for the first 12 months of $0.25 to $0.45 for IVC and $0.10 to $0.15 for Kai. And we obviously always try to do better than that and improve, but thats what we are guiding right now.
Robert Wetenhall: Thats really helpful. And I think, Jeff, you had said that LVT as a product category is growing 15%, which is a pretty rapid clip. And it sounds like theres a lot more domestic production and now with IVC youre going to have greater capability in Europe as well, I guess two plants under Mohawk. And I just wanted to ask, is LVT from your perspective a game changer in flooring? And is it going to be the fastest-growing product category? And do you see this taking share from competing products? And how does that kind of unfold in the next 12 to 24 months? Thanks very much and good luck.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: LVT is a product that brings certain values to certain uses, which is whats driving it. We believe its going to continue to expand in its style and design as well as performance features and other things. All those things are helping it grow. Its starting from a relatively low base. We think it will continue to grow and take market share and its going to take market share from all of the different categories because the flooring market is not increasing because you have a new product category coming into it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill from Zelman & Associates. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Dennis McGill: Hi, thank you guys for taking the question. Frank, just to push you a little bit more on the carpet margins to make sure we understand the moving pieces here. When you look at the last few years, the margin expansion call it somewhere in that 130, 150 basis points has been without the same type of raw material headwind that youd expect this year. And volume seems to be accelerating, demand seems to be accelerating as well. So, is there any reason you couldnt see the same type of lift on an annual basis that you saw in the prior years? Or is there something on the efficiency or caustic outside that would be different?
Frank Boykin: Yes. I mean, I think we will continue to see good improvement year-over-year and full-year margins on the carpet side.
Dennis McGill: I know you dont want to give guidance, which Im not really asking for. But on the fixed cost side is there anything that would be different about how that would play out this year versus the last couple years?
Frank Boykin: Well, as Jeff has said earlier, we have seen some improvement that we think is going to impact our P&L in the latter part of the year on raw materials. We are continuing to put in place productivity improvements that will benefit us, taking out both fixed and variable cost and so margins should improve.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: And mix should continue to improve as we go through the year if we dont get any surprises. At the same time the raw materials are volatile we dont know where they are, so well have to see where they end up.
Frank Boykin: And we dont know what competition is going to do with regards to processing either.
Dennis McGill: I guess thats why I was kind of asking more so on the productivity side, as far as what you are budgeting this year. Is that somewhat consistent with what youve been able to generate the last couple years?
Frank Boykin: We will continue to generate good productivity.
Dennis McGill: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari from UBS. You line is open. Please go ahead.
Susan Maklari: Good morning.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Susan Maklari: I wanted to know, in the carpet side, it sounds like the residential consumer business has definitely slowed and youre doing some more promotions there. Can you give us a sense of maybe what would drive some more improvements in that or what the trends are?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: As I said earlier, the U.S. market and the economy wasnt as strong as anybody thought it was going to be in the first quarter. And we are assuming, like everyone else with the economy, that its going to improve in the first quarter. We are assuming that the housing part will do better, were assuming remodeling will improve. So we are looking forward to the category improving as we go through. We think that with our new product introductions and our new commitments for sampling were going to improve our business within it and we think we are well-positioned for the rest of the year.
Susan Maklari: Okay. And then in terms of the new product, can you give us any sense of how we can think about the pricing or maybe the profitability on those relative to some of your legacy products?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It is really more related to price points. The higher priced items have more differentiation and you get more margin off those because of the differentiation. And the lower more commoditized products tend to be more price conscious and we have lower margins on them. So the displayed items tend to be mid- to high-end for the most part. So the new introduction weve been talking about tend to create a higher mix for the products. On the other hand, we want to fully participate in the home marketplace including in the commodity products.
Susan Maklari: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood from Macquarie Group. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ryan Hunter: Hi, this is actually Ryan Hunter filling in for Mike. First question on CapEx, your CapEx has been running at around $500 million, $600 million for previous years and you guided to $450 million for this year. Is this the start of a shift back towards the $300 million level of CapEx over the next several years? And can you give us your take on the pipeline and pay-off opportunities still see?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The part of the CapEx in the past is dependent on a few things. One is it was higher as the carpet industry shifted to polyester. We have been putting more money in all our businesses with the acquisitions and putting those together. So this year the CapEx is now around $450 million. We havent put the plan together for next year. There will be some additional CapEx with the new acquisitions that are required for them and managing those. Weve been more aggressive with interest rates being low. We are putting more new capital in the businesses. We are also investing in other areas such as we are putting up a new ceramic plant in Tennessee as we speak. We have a lot of major things going in this year. I cant tell you what its going to be next year until we get further in the year and start focusing on it.
Frank Boykin: The only thing I would add to that would be that the $300 million number you quoted was back before we had the Marazzi and Pergo and Spano acquisitions, and the size of the company was much smaller. Our G&A now is running $375 million, could go up to $400 million next year. So its hard to imagine that wed hit a run rate of $300 million CapEx over a long period of time. But we can  if the economy changes, if situation circumstances change, we can make adjustments pretty quickly as we showed over the last few years.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We are going to continue investing. I mean, we believe the economy is going to be relatively good for a while. We continue investing to take advantage of it and position the company to improve its margins. The margins keep going up not because we just show up every day.
Ryan Hunter: Yes, awesome. And you guys have had some positive commentary in the U.S. flooring industry growth, which has lagged other building product categories over the last several years. What are you guys seeing that tells you that well see North American growth accelerate? And do you envision a period of cyclical catch up that you talked about previously?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: What we said was we thought it would be better than last year. Whether its equal or better than the other things, I dont really have an opinion on. I think its has lagged. Part of it has been that weve said is that people that own existing homes havent been investing in them as they had in prior times. We are hoping as the housing prices go up people get more comfortable about putting more money in their homes as their incomes go up that they put money in them. And we dont see any reason why that wont occur over time.
Ryan Hunter: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steven Kim from Barclays. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Steven Kim: Thanks very much. I wanted to ask another question on margins, but wanted to particularly talk about it from the perspective of productivity. Our sense is that much of the margin improvement and the improvement in productivity has been related to investments that you have been making as opposed to things that you might categorize as cost-cutting. I was wondering, obviously within the cost cutting there were some related to the acquisitions, Pergo for example and Spano I assume, and you also closed the ceramic facility. But I guess is there a way you could help us think through how much of the margin improvement weve seen and maybe how much of the groundwork set for future growth has been achieved in your view through investments as opposed to cutting?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We have the information I dont have in front of me. We gave  it is significant of both and its more than just cutting and investment. So you have one part thats coming from new equipment thats allowing us to do things. Another is consolidating the existing facilities to make them more efficient. Another is strategies in our raw materials and processes to make them more efficient. Another is reengineering our raw material strategies to lower our costs. We have done things to improve productivity with systems. We have reduced our cost of distribution by improving the processes, the fill rates of the trucks and different things. So its all parts of the business. When we go into every year, every one of the business functions has a cost savings plan and efficiency and productivity issues that start from the bottom-up and top-down and they are set up with hundreds of actions to be taken during the year and implemented in a very disciplined manner. Typically out of the list we probably achieve about 75% of whats on the list as well as add more things to it. Its very disciplined how we drive change through the organization.
Steven Kim: Thats great, that certainly seems to be coming through here in the results. I wanted to ask  my second question I wanted to ask regarding products and the differentiation there. I think on the call you mentioned in ceramic that the U.S. was seeing 25% of its sales from new products, Europe 40%, Russia 50% that kind of thing. I wanted to see if you could give us some comparison to what you think is standard in the industry. Is that just sort of par for the course in the industry? I assume not. And also maybe some historical perspective. Is this an accelerated rate of sort of new product contribution versus what weve seen in the past? And then a quick follow-on. Is it true that roughly half or even more of your carpet sales are  really dont have direct competition?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Its not easy to give you a flat answer. What happens is in the product life cycles we have commodity products that can last six, seven, eight years. We have very high fashion things that three years could be in some of them and the average depends on the product mix and pieces and comparing one business to another depends on your participation in the different markets and ages. I think what we were trying to do  so if you took the 25%, that would mean that we turn the whole thing over in four years with the lowest number we gave you and 50% means that over a two- or three-year period youve changed it so it shows how much growth the new introductions are causing and changing in the marketplace. Were also using those, as we said, to drive simplicity in the operations as well as trying to differentiate performance features and value add to the customers. So again, like our capital expenditures, we have very disciplined processes within each business to say what are we going to do different to bring value to the marketplace which includes, A, differentiation, on the other side is cost-cutting which we hope the customers dont see it as we go through and improve value. I forgot the last part of your question.
Frank Boykin: Maybe if you could clarify that second question for us. Im not quite sure what you are asking, half of our carpet products dont have direct competition. Maybe give us a little more color on what youre trying to?
Steven Kim: Yes, sure. So we know that with the Continuum innovation, for example, thats something that is a differentiated product fundamentally. We know that with the SmartStrand and the ever clean now, we know thats obviously something which you cant just get from somebody else. And their Karastan brand similarly had got a unique niche in the marketplace and things like that. That kind of thing is what I was addressing. These kinds of sort of  I would say sort of step function changes are materially different type of products within the carpet segment. Would it be fair to say that that represents the majority of your sales in that segment?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Its a large part, but  so Continuum is our way of participating in the polyester category and adding something other than my price is different than someone elses. So its an entire strategy around how can I add value to the customer? How can I have a differentiated selling story so when they make choices they prefer ours? Now to say that theres no alternative polyester products that can be used for the same customer is incorrect. So there are incremental differences of how you differentiate things in a common marketplace and we spend a lot of time doing that and those things help our customers give reasons to their customers why they should buy it and help their margins and help them say you should buy from me, which is why it has value.
Steven Kim: Okay. I didnt hear a number there, but thats fine. Appreciate the help and good luck.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Eric Bosshard: Two questions for you. First of all, Frank, you commented that the margin progress in laminate and tile in the first quarter wasnt sustainable through the balance of the year. Can you give us a little bit of color what may have incrementally benefited 1Q that doesnt recur through the balance of the year? Just a little color behind that statement would be helpful.
Frank Boykin: I think the best way to answer it is our business doesnt move in a straight line. Weve got puts and takes in all of our businesses every quarter. And we try to look at it on a full-year basis and, like Ive said, I think all of our  we believe all of our segments are going to improve margins year-over-year. Those two segments just performed much better with all things clicking  all eight cylinders clicking this quarter.
Eric Bosshard: Secondly, in terms of tile sourcing, it sounded like you commented that there were some Europe tile export opportunities. Could you just expand a little bit on if there are opportunities to benefit from a lower euro in terms of your tile manufacturing assets?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We commented in two different areas. In the U.S. market, we bring product into the U.S. market from Mexico, China and Europe and we bring different products in based on the economics of what they are and/or differences in the equipment or pieces as well as supplementing our other things. For the most part the European imports tend to be very high end differentiated products. They tend to go into the commercial business and in some differentiated residential products, such as in Europe we are making ceramic wood looks 6 feet long. The market here is limited so making them there and bringing them in is a good idea. Mexico we have low cost manufacturing and we tend to bring in certain products there, but as we have bought Marazzi and putting in a new plant we are using more of that to satisfy the local market, but were bringing them in. China has very specific products that they make low-cost because of what  they sell a huge amount of them and they are set up to make them differently. So we are bringing in specific products for different reasons. The other thing we mentioned was with the new acquisition of Kai, our business in Europe in ceramic were focused on the mid- to high-end. Kai is a low-cost producer in a low-cost area where we have access to the water to move it relatively cheaply. And we believe that we can use those assets to participate more in the lower part of the marketplace which tends to come from Turkey and Poland in Europe now. So it using our worldwide assets to maximize what theyre good for and then as the markets change well change and move around.
Eric Bosshard: Great. And then my second question, in terms of the carpet investment in samples, Frank, that sounded like third in line as you explain the carpet margin performance in the quarter. Any way to frame the magnitude of that or if that is sustained through the year or more focused on 1Q?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It will be higher for the year because we are investing more in it. However, what we have done is cut other overhead costs. Were making other arrangements to cut costs in our carpet business on things on the backside and invest more into new samples, new products and more sales personnel which should help us drive the top line.
Eric Bosshard: Great. Thank you.
Operator: There are no questions on the phone lines. So Ill now turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing comments.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We had a very good quarter in the first quarter. We are anticipating the year continuing to get better. And we are enthusiastic about our position and the marketplaces. We appreciate you joining us. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank Boykin - Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Bob Wetenhall - RBC Markets Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates Mike Wood - Macquarie Stephen East - Evercore ISI Steven Kim - Barclays Michael Dahl - Credit Suisse Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan Keith Hughes - SunTrust David MacGregor - Longbow Research David Goldberg - UBS Tom Mahoney - Cleveland Research John Baugh - Stifel Jim Krapfel - Morningstar
Operator: Good morning. My name is Joanna, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries' fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to now introduce Frank Boykin, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank Boykin: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries quarterly investors conference call. Today, we will update you on the company's progress during the fourth quarter of 2014 and provide guidance for the first quarter of 2015. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include a discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Our fourth quarter performance was strong with earnings per share of $2 as reported. Excluding unusual charges, our adjusted fourth quarter EPS was $2.27, an increase of 27%, including a $0.09 per share negative impact from foreign exchange. This was the highest fourth quarter adjusted EPS in the company's history. During the period, we significantly increased our adjusted operating income by 18% compared to the prior year, as a result of productivity initiatives, aggressive cost containment and benefits from our acquisitions. Fourth quarter sales increased about 1.4% over 2013 as reported and 5% at a constant exchange rate. In our U.S. business, our commercial new home and rental channels were stronger than the retail remodeling sales. On a local basis, our European operations improved across all product categories in a challenging market. Across the enterprise, we reduced SG&A as a percentage of sales and held total dollars flat, while still investing in growth areas of the business. For the full year 2014, our sales rose 7% on a constant exchange rate or 2.5% excluding acquisitions. For the year, without unusual charges, our EPS increased 24% to $8.15 and our operating margins improved 130 basis points to 10.7%, as we leverage our acquisitions. During 2014, we invested $560 million in capital expenditures to drive sales with innovative new product collections, increased our margins and improved our operational efficiencies. Across the business, process improvements enhanced yields, reduced waste, lowered conversion cost, improved product management and increased quality. Last year, in our Carpet segment, we expanded our polyester footprint and differentiated our offering with proprietary Continuum process that yields superior performance and value. We expanded our leadership in the super soft product category and grew our luxury Karastan brand. We enhanced our commercial margins in both broadloom and carpet tile, with new products and manufacturing strategies, productivity gains and award winning design. In Ceramic, we completed the integration of Dal-Tile and Marazzi into a consolidated North American ceramic operation, improving product development and service for our customers. We have now implemented 16 combined Marazzi American Olean service centers in Western United States. We added 50 million square feet of capacity at our Sunnyvale plant to meet the growing demand for porcelain tile planks in the United States. In Mexico we delivered significant sales growth by expanding our product offering and increasing our customer base. We developed a new European ceramic organization and implemented the new business strategy to improve our product offering, manufacturing and sales execution. We grew our local sales in a contracting Russian market by driving our brand and design leadership, while increasing our home center and new construction market share. In Laminate and Wood, we completed the integration of the Pergo business in United States and Europe. We also finalized the Spano integration and completed the first phase of our manufacturing reconfiguration, improving our efficiencies in margins. We acquired a small engineered wood company in Czech Republic to support our European business. We introduced industry-leading products with unique features in both Laminate and Wood and replaced the entire European Pergo offering. As we look at our fourth quarter performance by segment. Sales in our Carpet segment grew 4%. Our adjusted operating income increased 32% over the prior year to 11%, producing our best quarterly performance in over a decade. Commercial carpet, rugs and hard surface sales improved more than residential carpet. The shift of consumer purchases to lower priced polyester carpets continues to reduce the mix from Mohawk and the industry. We continue to benefit from product innovation, enhanced raw material strategies, plant simplification, investments in state-of-the-art technologies and improved sales execution. We have reduced our carpet inventories, while investing more in the expansion of Mohawk branded hard surface products. In the quarter, we introduced SmartStrand Forever Clean, the next generation of our exclusive franchise, which was selected by retailers at the National Flooring Trade Show in January as the most innovative new product in any flooring category. Forever Clean combines SmartStrand's luxurious softness and exceptional durability with our exclusive Nanoloc spill protection for quick and easy clean-ups. We continue to expand our Continuum polyester offering, which is gaining momentum across all price points. Our new Karastan product introductions and enhanced merchandizing systems are expanding our luxury carpet sales. With our diverse product offerings, we continue to increase our participation in the faster-growing builder and multi-family channels. In rugs, our fiber innovations in polyester, nylon and SmartStrand are enhancing our product differentiation, growing our sales and expanding our margins. In commercial carpet, we continue to improve both sales growth and margins as a result of enhanced design, productivity improvements and material optimization. After the success of our carpet tile plank format, we are adding a rectangular shape that can be utilized with all of our other collections. Hospitality remains our strongest performing commercial sector with expanding commitments from major hotel chains during the period. To further enhance our position of hospitality, we're launching a new Definity collection as an alternative to premium, custom woven carpets. Our Mohawk branded LVT ceramic and wood products are growing considerably with support in both the residential and commercial channels. We continue to reduce SG&A within the segment on both the total dollar basis and as a percentage of sales by further streamlining our administrative functions, while improving our service levels and customer satisfaction. In the first quarter, we're completing the final phase of our Continuum fiber expansion. We anticipate continued productivity improvements from our fiber, yarn and carpet simplification as we increase throughputs in recycling, improve conversion costs and reduce waste. In the quarter, our Ceramic segment sales rose 7% on a local basis or 1% as reported with our margins improving over last year. Adjusted operating income grew 22% on a constant exchange basis or 16% as reported due to increased productivity as well as improved pricing and mix. In the U.S., the combined Dal-Tile, Marazzi organization is operating exceptionally well. The consolidated organization has enhanced the styling of our new products, as we expand our offering of larger size tiles, rectangles and planks, increasing our product mix and average selling prices. We've expanded our position with major retailers, home-centers, builders and large commercial accounts. We have commitments for about 175 of our statement ceramic shop with some of the strongest ceramic retailers in the country. For independent distribution, we have focused Marazzi brand on the higher-end residential customer, while the American Olean brand is focused on commercial and more value-oriented residential categories. During the quarter, we consolidated two ceramic distribution centers in Dallas to reduce cost and improve service. In January, we implemented a price increase to cover higher transportation cost, as trucking capacity tightened. We have exceeded our productivity improvement goals by increasing efficiencies and reengineering our body composition to improve performance and value. We continue to realign the configuration of our products and plants to reduced the changes and optimize throughputs. The construction of our new ceramic plant in Tennessee is on track to start up, the beginning of next year with the building pad nearly complete today. The Mexican ceramic market is strong and our ceramic sales are growing rapidly. Our strategy to provide a complete product line of higher price premium products and value price points has enhanced our market share, as we expand our retail-base and gain commitments in home-centers and new construction projects. Sales and margins in our European ceramic business have grown as we improve our product mix, replace inefficient manufacturing assets and reduce SG&A costs. During the period, our new products generated 35% of our sales, while we have reduced our total SKU count by more than 20%, since we have owned the business. We have introduced longer wood planks as well as hexagons and brick-shapes with unique patterns and textures. During the period, we closed a warehouse in Spain, and sold a French manufacturing plant, which will improve our future profitability. By the end of the year, we will replace almost 50% of the existing Italian capacity with state-of-the-art equipment and we are presently about one-third complete. The Russian economy continues to decline with inflation rising. During the fourth quarter, our sales and local currency expanded significantly, as consumers purchase product ahead of anticipated price increases. Our operating income was higher than last year on a local basis, even though our margin percentage was compressed due to rising material cost and increased competition. We are taking aggressive actions in the market by introducing exciting product collections, providing alternatives to imported products, expanding our franchised retail stores and increasing our position in home centers and new construction channels. During the period, net sales for the Laminate and Wood segment were up 4% over the prior year on a constant exchange rate, but were down 2% as reported. The adjusted operating margin for the segment was 12%, an improvement of 30 basis points. We saw significant growth in our wood and LVT offerings in both Europe and the United States. On a local basis, laminate sales in Europe showed improvement. Our new Quick-Step Impressive laminate collection, with enhanced surface texture and water repellency, rapidly gained acceptance, but shipments were constrained by our production capacity, which has now been expanded to support projected demand. Volume in our Russian laminate increased, as our local products replaced imported ones and consumers purchased goods ahead of inflation. The construction of our LVT plant in Belgium has been completed and new product development continues. Production has begun on a limited basis and startup cost will continue throughout the year until adequate production levels are reached. During the period, we purchased a New Zealand flooring distributor, which expands the distribution model we have successfully executed in the United Kingdom, Eastern Europe and Australia. We have completed the retooling of our engineered wood facility in the Czech Republic that was purchased early in 2014. We have redesigned the product line and are expanding the operation to run seven days a week, which will lower cost, enhance our profitability and free-up capacity in our Malaysian facility to expand our Asian, Australian and New Zealand business. Sales in the U.S. were impacted by lower mix, product changes and inventory reductions by our customers. Wood flooring sales continue to grow, with our engineered product sales riding substantially in the builder and home center channels. We have extended the Pergo brand into the wood category and we are reviewing other product extensions to leverage our brand portfolio. In all, our Laminate and Wood operations were aggressively implementing productivity initiatives and reducing SG&A to offset higher cost and pricing pressures in the market. As our European installation business continues to grow, we increased our market share and production at our new French facility. Our roof panel sales grew during the period in the Netherlands, which could be an indication that the building market is bottoming there. With the integration of Spano into our European board business largely complete, we have improved the mix, increased operational efficiencies and reduced SG&A cost. I'll now turn the call over to Frank, to review our financial performance for the period.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $1.951 billion, up 1% over last year or 5% using a constant exchange rate. FX impacted sales $73 million compared to last year. All segments grew in local currency with stronger performance in the U.S. businesses. If we look at our gross margin, it was 27.8% as reported or excluding restructuring 28.3%, which is up 80 basis points over the comparable amount last year. Higher productivity, volume and mix, drove this improvement. SG&A dollars came in as $335 million or 17.2% of sales. Excluding restructuring, SG&A was 17% of sales, which is 80 basis points better than last year. Our SG&A dollars excluding both restructuring and also at a constant exchange rate basis were flat compared to last year. Cost cutting continue to improve results, even as we reinvest to support growth. Restructuring charges were $15 million. This includes $12 million in cost of good sold and another $3 million in SG&A, primarily related to the Marazzi and the Spano integrations. We estimate another $35 million to $40 million of restructuring cost in 2015, as we complete the integration of our acquisitions. Our operating income margin, excluding charges, was 11.3%. That compares to 9.7% last year, which is up by 160 basis points. Operating income would have been $8 million higher, if we had a constant exchange rate. Foreign currency impacts our results in three different ways. First, translation differences from converting foreign denominated income statements into U.S. dollars compared to FX rates one year earlier. To put this in perspective, if we use more current rates, with a euro of 1.14, which is down 15% from last year and a ruble of 61, which is down about 60% from last year; to translate our 2014 annual results, operating income would have been about $55 million lower than reported. As a reminder, our Carpet segment is almost all dollars, with the Ceramic segment including 20% euros and 10% ruble sales. And then the Laminate and Wood segment about 70% euro sales and the balance in dollars. Second, foreign denominated receivables and payables are revalued each quarter based upon the current exchange rate compared to the rate when the transaction occurred, which is usually 30 to 60 days earlier. Most of our sales and costs are in the same geographic region, which limits this impact. In 2014, the transactional impact was less than 1% of earnings. The transaction gain or loss is recorded in other expense on our P&L. The third and final FX impact is from inventory purchases that flow through cost of good sold and reflect currency fluctuations, which we try to offset with price increases. We do not hedge any of our currency exposures. Moving down the income statement to interest expense, it came in at $21 million for the quarter. We anticipate in 2015 that we'll have $73 million to $75 million of interest expense, excluding acquisitions. Other expense was $10 million for the quarter and includes this year an amount for a loss on the sale of our French ceramic business. Our income tax rate for the quarter came in at 19%, which compares to a 20% rate last year. We estimate the 2015 full year rate to range between 21% and 22%, and for the first quarter we estimate the rate to be 23.5%. These are all excluding acquisitions. Our earnings per share, excluding charges, was $2.27, which is up 27% from last year. In the fourth quarter, shares of 73.5 million, and then for the full year 73.4 million were used to calculate earnings per share. We estimate 2015 shares to be 74 million even for the year, excluding acquisitions. If we turn to the segments, in our Carpet segment, sales were $780 million, up 4% from last year. We had sales growth from volume increase with commercial, hard surface and rugs, all showing good growth. Operating income, excluding charges was 11.1% of sales. This is up 230 basis points from last year, our best performance in 10 years. Continuing productivity improvements and volume increases both supported higher margins. In our Ceramic segment, sales were $744 million, or up 1% as reported. Our sales grew 7% on a constant exchange rate. We had strong growth in our ceramic North American business, with Mexico continuing to gain share. Our operating income margin, excluding charges, was 11.5%. That's up 150 basis points from volume, productivity and mix. Operating income for the quarter was reduced by $5 million due to foreign exchange. In the Laminate and Wood segment, sales were $459 million or down 2% as reported. Sales were actually up 4% on a constant exchange rate basis. The operating income margin, excluding charges in this segment, was 11.9%, which is up 30 basis points due to higher volume. But we did have a $3 million negative impact from foreign exchange in the quarter. In our corporate and elimination segment we had a loss of $6 million. And we expect in 2015, for the full year, the loss to range between $30 million and $35 million. Then jumping to the balance sheet. Receivables came in at $1.082 billion. We had days sales outstanding at 53 days for the fourth quarter, which was flat to last year. Our inventories came in at $1.543 billion. Our inventory days were at 115 days and were impacted by our backwards integration into fiber, pre-buys of certain inventory and the changing mix of our business. Fixed assets were $2.703 billion and included capital expenditures for the quarter of $170 million and $560 million of CapEx spend for the full year. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $96 million and $340 million for the full year. We estimate our 2015 capital expenditures to be $450 million, with depreciation and amortization estimated at $335 million. 2015 major CapEx projects include our Tennessee ceramic plant, the replacement of our Italian ceramic assets, our board asset upgrade, and then finalization of the fiber extrusion expansion. And finally, long-term debt, we ended the year at $2.253 billion, with a leverage ratio of 1.8x debt to EBITDA. And with that, I'll turn it back over to you, Jeff.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. In the U.S., rising consumer confidence supported by lower gasoline prices, low interest rates, increased home values and an improving job market, should drive higher growth in the flooring market. The National Association of Builders is projecting robust growth in single-family construction in 2015, with Harvard's LIRA index predicting greater residential remodeling investments. The consensus among commercial construction forecast is for mid-single digit growth during 2015. In Europe, changing challenging economic conditions remain. We expect our sales in local currency to be slightly up with product innovations and manufacturing upgrades improving our mix and operating margins. Our market share in Russia is expected to grow, as we leverage our brand and leading market position. With the Russian recession, we anticipate lower product mix and higher costs, partially offset by higher selling prices. The U.S. dollar has recently strengthened considerably relative to the euro, ruble and other currencies. Our U.S. translated 2014 sales would have been lower by approximately 5% and operating income lower by about $55 million, if the current exchange rates had been in effect for the entire year. While we cannot affect the translational impact to our earnings, we are aggressively implementing productivity initiatives, SG&A reductions and other cost containment projects to minimize the impact. We continue to invest in product innovation and operational improvements to drive our topline growth and margins. For the total business, we anticipate stronger organic growth on a local basis and continued margin expansion in 2015. The first period has four additional days, increasing sales 6%, and the fourth quarter will have four fewer days. Taking all of these factors into account, our guidance for the first quarter earnings is $1.54 to $1.63 per share, excluding any restructuring charges and new acquisitions. In January we announced the continuation of our aggressive acquisition strategy with the purchase of the IVC Group. We anticipate closing the transaction early in the second quarter. We intend to finance the purchase with euro denominated debt to align with our cash flows and reduce our interest expenses. IVC provides Mohawk with the leading positions in both LVT and sheet vinyl, in both Europe and the U.S. There are many synergies between the businesses that will leverage IVC's vinyl leadership with our extensive customer relationships in residential and commercial on both sides of the Atlantic. Given the stronger dollar, since we announced the IVC purchase, we now anticipate the acquisition will impact EPS between $0.25 and $0.45 per share in the first 12 months that we own the company. We also signed an agreement to purchase a small Eastern European ceramic manufacturer for EUR195 million, with the transaction expected to be completed in the second quarter. The company has a low cost position in the Bulgarian and Romanian markets. And together, we will enhance the product offering, upgrade technology and expand exports to other countries. The transaction is expected to be accretive to earnings by $0.10 to $0.15 per share at the current FX rate in the first 12 months that we own the company. In 2014, we exhibited our organization's ability to deliver strong results with both internal improvements and acquisitions through new strategies, enhanced technologies, innovative product development and improved efficiency. During the past 20 years, we have executed over 30 strategic and bolt-on acquisitions, enhanced our market position and results. The IVC acquisition will significantly expand our participation in LVT and sheet vinyl in the U.S. and Europe. Our new ceramic acquisition provides additional opportunities to grow in the Eastern European market. We have a strong foundation for future growth across the world, as we enhance our position as the world's largest flooring manufacturer. We'll now be glad to take your question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall with RBC Markets.
Bob Wetenhall: I wanted to ask you in terms of your expectations about U.S. consumer demand. You highlighted lower input costs on the energy side and some optimistic demand side picture in terms of home building activity and commercial construction. If you could take a minute and just delve deeper in terms of what you're seeing in the verticals, both on the commercial and residential side, and how you think that plays out for the year that would be great.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: In the U.S., I think, we estimate that the flooring industry grew about 3% to 4% this year, and we're anticipating with the additional improvements in the labor markets and economy that it should grow even faster than that. If you look at our business, our sales grew about 2.5% organically in 2014 over the whole business. At the same time in the year, we improved our overall margins by 130 basis points. We are anticipating the U.S. to be stronger. We are anticipating a slight improvement in the European business and headwinds in the Russian market place. With that, we're expecting improved sales growth of our own business on a local basis with continued margin expansion. Although, we'll have to still overcome the FX headwinds, Frank, went through.
Bob Wetenhall: And just as a follow-up question. There is a lot of M&A activity, two years ago, you just got the IVC acquisition going into 2015. Do you view this as a year where you're going to focus on integration or are you actively looking for new M&A opportunities? And how would you rank that? Would you rather buy stuff or continue to invest in the business like the ceramic plant?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We are focused on integrating the two acquisitions we have. We also have several startup of plants going on this year, so that's the primary focus. We'll use capital to support the present businesses and pay down debt, but we always are looking at significant time to put acquisition together usually, so we're always continually looking.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill: First question, Frank, could you maybe with the deals coming, and it looks like there was some movement in the debt in the fourth quarter; just maybe walk through the moving pieces of how you're thinking about the cash flow and the capital structure for the year?
Frank Boykin: Well, I would say in terms of financing the acquisitions, we're looking at raising capital in the Eurobond market and then also looking at utilizing some short-term debt as well. So we've got access to the commercial paper market, which rates at about 80 basis points right now and Euro market now is running around 200 basis points.
Dennis McGill: What was the movement in the fourth quarter? Was that the long-term into commercial paper?
Frank Boykin: The cash flow in the fourth quarter, is that your question?
Dennis McGill: No, the debt movement -- the debt retirement.
Frank Boykin: Yes, it was about a $120 million, I think. Hold on Dennis, I'll get it for you.
Dennis McGill: But was there a shift on long-term into the commercial paper?
Frank Boykin: So about $130 million is what we pay down in the fourth quarter.
Dennis McGill: I'll follow-up with you. And then separately, the comments, I think you had said something about retail being weak here in the US. Can you maybe just elaborate there? And then if that's product-specific or if you're seeing that across the portfolio?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I am not sure we said retail was weak, but I think what we said is that the residential replacement business has not shown the same improvement as the other parts of the business that we have, and that it's been that way for a period of time and we're hoping this year that with the improvement in the economy, lower cost of energy, a higher job market that will see a improvement in the residential placement, which will help our business, since it's a very large part of our business.
Dennis McGill: And that relative weakness right now you're seeing it across product categories?
Frank Boykin: Dennis, if I can maybe, I think I understand your earlier question in terms of the movement between long-term and current debt. I will just try to answer that if that was the question. We did have an increase in the current portion of our long-term debt, because we have got the 2016 bonds, about $650 million that will be due in January of '16, so that would have moved into long-term debt, I think from there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Wood with Macquarie.
Mike Wood: I would just appreciate your take in terms of your decision to not provide guidance, what the main uncertainty was that you still believe is out there that you need to get more confirmation before you give an update on the year?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I mean, historically, we have only given one year of guidance and we decided to return, but we did that one-time. We decided to return to the quarterly guidance, given all the variables that are in the marketplace that are just going to be guesses at this point from us.
Mike Wood: Can you provide some clarity in terms of the SG&A directionality on an absolute dollar basis over 2015?
A - Frank Boykin: As a percentage of the sales, it will continue to go down, but the dollars will probably be slightly higher.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Stephen East with Evercore ISI.
Stephen East: Jeff, if you could just talk a little bit more on the Carpet segment. You highlighted the drivers of the business, commercial, hard surface, rugs. Can you just elaborate a little bit more what -- I assume that was the rank order of it too, but you mentioned hospitality. Is there anything else going on? And then also in the carpet business, it sounds like you are not seeing any raw material relief yet, what you all expected, at least what you think you are going to see coming through and any timing around that?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The segment has commercial carpet, hard surface and rugs in it. And have grown faster than the residential carpet. The residential carpet has a large part going back to the remodeling business and we haven't seen the uptick that we had hoped we'd have. And the other pieces therefore have grown faster than the average with the residential carpet business growing slower than the average at this point. And we are hoping to see that remodeling piece pick up more so than it has up to now.
Stephen East: You mentioned hospitality, is it broad-based or is that really the driver of what's been -- 
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It's broad-based across, it's just that that was the faster growing of all of them. All the commercial pieces are doing better.
Stephen East: And then, on the raw material side of the world, are you seeing [multiple speakers] yet?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let's see how to give you some view of it. The oil is a component for both our chemicals and resins along with other things that we have such as natural gas, corn, we use a lot of soda bottles and other materials that all make up the components. So there is a broad-based piece of components, not all oil-based. The components are based on worldwide demand. And with those we have some that are even constrained today that are higher than they have been in the last quarter. The combination of all those things, we have a very long supply chain for the components before it flows through our suppliers cost as well as flowing through our own inventory when we see an impact. At the moment our costs in the first quarter are actually higher than the prior year that we have. Under right circumstances we could have some tailwinds later in the year, but there are so many variables, it's difficult to predict where they're all going to end up.
Stephen East: And then just quickly on Europe, you gave some good color. Let's put Russia aside for a second. Do think that the European market for your categories has finally turned or maybe much ado about nothing, what came through the quarter? And then on Russia, just how big was the sell-in impact?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, let's see. The European economy could be at a bottom, I am not sure. We have the increase in the cash that the banks are shoving through the marketplace, but low interest rate should have a positive effect on it. We're hoping that next year will be slightly better as we go through, but it's a little early to know for sure. And then the other part of the question was in Russia. Russia, we had a significant upturn, it could be in the mid-to-high teens for a temporarily thing, we believe that we are taking business from the future and what happens is, it's happened in Russia before, that as they see huge inflation people start buying ahead of the inflation, which is what's going on now. Now, another positive to our business is that as the economy slows down in our ceramic and laminate businesses, there is a significant portion of the European sales that have been imported. And those sales are dropping dramatically and we think those sales are going to offset a large chunk, but not all of the decrease. And we are trying to take market share of what is left.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Kim with Barclays.
Steven Kim: My first question, I wanted to come at the carpet raw material exposure slightly differently. One of the things that we have in our minds is that you in your carpet business have a majority of products I believe that don't really have direct competition in the sense of that you've got Continuum and SmartStrand. And both of these have really boosted performance in your segment, we've seen that in the margins. But I guess my question is sort of a multiple one, but it's, first of all, are we right that in that segment that these differentiated products are about a majority of the sales in the segment? And then do these inputs for those like Continuum and SmartStrand, the bottles and the similar fiber, do they move kind of similarly with the virgin materials? And then lastly, do you think that your differentiation will allow you to keep whatever raw material benefit you get because of your differentiation?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, you asked a lot of questions. In SmartStrand we have a unique product that is different than everything else. We believe it's the premium product in the marketplace, but there are other alternatives for buying premium product such as nylon at the high-end. We have a large nylon business that we offer as an alternative to that, so we participate in both pieces. So we do have a position, but the customer always has alternatives to move between different pieces. The same answer applies to our Continuum with polyester that there are other alternatives in virgin polyester that people are selling that have similar looks. So we believe that we get some advantage out of our environmental story and out of our ways of making it. But the customer always has alternatives to move between, so they have to be priced relative to each other or they gain and lose market share in that one. I forgot the next piece of where you wanted to go.
Steven Kim: Well, I wondered whether the inputs move kind of similarly with the virgin materials, for example.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Yes and no. In our polyester we are primarily making it from recycled bottles. And the recycle bottles will move a little bit, but the cost of the collecting and moving and transportation don't change as the oil prices move up or down. So those will have limited movement relative to the virgin ones. The same thing with the SmartStrand, it tends to move, but not 100% with it as you go through, as you go with each one. Presently polypropylene there is some limitations in the supply around the world. And polypropylene is a little tight at the moment. So they're all moving around.
Steven Kim: And so, I'll just make this my last question is to repeat this question of -- do you think this differentiation you have will allow you to retain whatever raw material benefit you get, because that's a big question mark and I think you have addressed that in the past, that you might get the raw material benefit, but then the industry has a habit of sort of giving it back on the other hand. And I am wondering whether you think your differentiation will help you as a company, sort of retain that maybe better than you have in the past?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Differentiation always helps you improve margins because you're selling things that have something different about them. Presently the market prices in carpet have been relatively stable and given that our costs haven't changed our goal is to maintain our prices. And on the other hand we have to be competitive in the marketplace and we'll continue to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Dahl with Credit Suisse.
Michael Dahl: My first question, I wanted to ask if you could provide a little more detail around the Eastern European ceramic acquisition. I think you mentioned it was 195 million purchase price, $0.10 to $0.15 accretive. But could you give us any color on what the sales and margin profile looks like in that business?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It's really relatively small to our total business. For competitive reasons we are really not planning to give out details of it, because we think it will be detrimental to our competitive position in the marketplace.
Michael Dahl: I think secondly, I just wanted to make sure we understand some of the comments around FX. It sounds like, you said 5% on sales and $55 million to operating income, all things equal to 2014. If you look at the guide for 2015, or for the first quarter, at least, it still seems like even if you back out the extra selling days you're seeing earnings increase year-over-year. So is it fair to say that you are going to see reported sales x-acquisitions fairly flat, but you can still improve profitability? And then we are obviously layering on these couple of acquisitions, so you're still going to see healthy earnings growth?
Frank Boykin: Well, first thing I would say, in Q1 there will be no impact of any of the two acquisitions that we just announced. Neither of them will close until the second quarter. What we have tried to address is earnings and then how we grew cost savings, productivity initiatives, et cetera, plan to continue to grow the earnings even with the FX headwinds that we have, that we are expecting in the quarter and throughout the year. So we have got all that built into the estimate that we gave you for the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research.
Kathryn Thompson: Going back to Russia, what was the Russian revenue and earnings contribution in fiscal 2014?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We don't break out the earnings on a local basis by piece within each segment. We have a lot of regions and pieces.
Frank Boykin: And I think as I was trying to help you guys with the FX impact, I think we said for the ceramic business from a top-line standpoint Russia is about, the ruble is about 10% of the total ceramic business there.
Kathryn Thompson: Just maybe helping us relatively to understand directionally at least how were earnings in 2014 in Russia relative to the prior year?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The earnings in total were up on a ruble basis, but as a percentage they were slightly lower.
Kathryn Thompson: And then on your Uniclic patented product, what was the contribution to 2014 for this particular product or that patent?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: For all the patents, it was over a 100 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Armstrong with Vertical Research Partners.
James Armstrong: The first is could you talk a little more about your small ceramic acquisition? Who are they and what do they bring to the table?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The company is called KAI, it's in Bulgaria. They have a leading position in the marketplace. They have the low cost position in the marketplace. We believe that it gives us a foothold into Eastern Europe to start building more businesses in flooring into Eastern Europe. We believe that they have the capability of expanding into more geography. The majority of theirs is in Romania and Bulgaria at the moment. We believe that we can use it as a foothold to expand more. They focus on mostly the mid-to-lower end of the business. We believe with our product knowledge and development that we can expand their business into higher-end business and improve their mix of the business. As a low-cost producer they are also located near the water, and we believe there is opportunities to ship product further than they are shipping it into Europe and use it as another production base for our European business. We think it's a good opportunity and a strong business.
James Armstrong: And then switching gears. In any of your businesses, are you seeing any capacity constraints in that you will need to build further capacity in any of your businesses?
Frank Boykin: We have announced expansion in our ceramic business. A new plant is going to be up, it will be running the first of next year with enough expansion of our raw material base in our carpet business to support more business in my carpet business. We're placing assets in Europe. We have a new LVT plant that's coming up in Europe as we speak. The acquisition we did with IVC has a brand-new plant making LVT coming up in the United States. And then across the businesses there is incremental pieces in a lot of places.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut: First question I had was just circling back to the carpet margins, obviously a lot of impressive improvement there, on a year-over-year basis actually expanding the back half versus the first half. How should we think about that in 2015? You've certainly kind of hit a new level at roughly 11% mark in the back half of '14. Certainly there is a little bit of seasonality as first quarter is usually a low mark. But is this a rate that you can continue to build upon as you continue to benefit from incremental productivity and other efficiency initiatives?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: First of all, you have to look at the margins change significantly from quarter to quarter as volume and throughputs are there. So you can't look at the single quarter. The total year was about 8.9% and it was up about 1.5%. Don't hold me to that one. Have you got the number, Frank?
Frank Boykin: Yes, it was up from 7.5% to 8.9%.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: For the year. So we believe that it is going to continue going up from where it is. What's going to drive it up is the innovation that we are putting in, in our products, the reengineering we have done of our fiber systems, new technologies and better sales execution that we've been all working on. And over the past two years we have done a lot of things and each one is building upon each other. We've closed facilities. We have simplified the processes. We have replaced high cost assets in the business. We continue to reduce the administrative cost within the business. So with all those we are expecting next year's margins to improve from where they are today.
Michael Rehaut: And I know you mentioned about input cost for carpet, that it could be a tailwind, but there are a lot of moving parts. Just to sort of get a sense, number one, in the first quarter guidance are you seeing or does that guidance for carpet include any early improvement in input cost for the Carpet segment? Or are you seeing anything down the supply chain that might point to some benefits as we progress through the year?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Our costs in the first quarter are going to be higher than they were last year. So we talked about the long supply chain of things within it. So we are not going to get any benefit at all in the first quarter and we will have to see what happens as we go through the year. I mean, there's too many variables of that. I mean, I don't know what the price of oil is going to be next month, yet alone, by the end of this year.
Michael Rehaut: And so your comment there, Jeff, is that, you're talking specifically regarding carpet that costs are up for carpet in the first quarter?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Correct. So remember, Mike, we have over one quarter's worth of inventory on hand at any point in time. So also whatever we are buying today has got to work its way through inventory over four months or so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes: The question is in the revenue on the Carpet segment. You had mentioned the hard surfaces as reporting there, the Mohawk hard surfaces had done well. Can you give us any sort of feel of how much that pulled up the number in the report?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: No, we don't break out product information by segment for you, but it was above the average.
Keith Hughes: And I assume commercial was above the average as well?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I don't have the specifics in front of me. It was either equal of slightly above.
Keith Hughes: Looking at the margins within Unilin and Ceramic, plants were launching or ramping up production being built in both of those. Was that a substantial hit on the margins? And I guess my question really here is more to laminate than it is ceramic.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: He's asking about the impact on the startup of the plants. Do you have an estimate?
Frank Boykin: About $5 million.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Do you have an estimate for this year?
Frank Boykin: No. For the -- 
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: When it's going to hit? Do we have an estimate?
Frank Boykin: So for this year in terms of startup cost, Keith, we're estimating somewhere between $10 million to $15 million. But that's everything.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: That's across all through -- 
Frank Boykin: That's the ceramic plant, the European LVT plant, what they're doing over in Europe now in their ceramic plants as well. So that's everything.
Keith Hughes: That would be the Tennessee plant in ceramic as well as the changes in Marazzi you're making, correct?
Frank Boykin: Yes, exactly. And that's for 2015. That's not for '14.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Now, it wouldn't include anything. All our comments don't include anything for acquisitions. We're assuming the acquisitions, they'll come in somewhere in the second quarter, but none of the comments on this call have assumed that they're in them.
Operator: Your next question come David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: I guess first question is just on the Laminate and Wood segment, you talked about plus 4% constant exchange rate. Can you break out just wood and talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the wood space? And what kind of growth are you assuming for the U.S. wood flooring market in 2015?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The U.S. wood sales are getting stronger for us, primarily in the engineered category, which is gaining share. The raw materials that we're using remain high. They look like they have possibly peaked, but the margins have been under pressure, as the costs have gone up. So we could use some relief in the margins, if the wood prices come down some more, which we hope they do during the year. What else do you want to know?
David MacGregor: Well, I was just trying to get a sense of what you're assuming in terms of overall category growth for '15?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Just in the wood business or in the laminate business?
David MacGregor: The wood business.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Now, we're assuming the wood business is going to grow faster than the industry average. So we'd say the industry average is about 3% to 4% this year. We're assuming industry is a little higher than that, so that would be in 6%, 7% range maybe for the industry.
David MacGregor: Second question is just on organic growth, and you've got so much going on here. You're just firing on so many different cylinders. But can you offer some perspective, on which two or three areas of your business you expect to see the greatest organic growth in 2015?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: If you look across the businesses in the U.S., the ceramic business is the faster growing of the product categories. So we would anticipate the most growth to be in U.S. ceramic business over here. In Europe, our ceramic business we're really focused on. We bought the business, it was making no money. So we were focused on driving the margins up rather than sales. We were more focused on creating better products, lowering the cost structure and improving the mix with it. Russia, we're doing everything we can to take share from the imports and to grow our market share in that business. The fastest growing piece though will be the LVT business, because it's starting from a very low business. We have the European plant coming up, as we speak. The new business we're acquiring has a brand new LVT business. So as a category, it provide the most opportunity, but it will have cost in the startup of both the U.S. and the European plant. Everything we've said today doesn't include anything for the U.S. startup or the business, because that's in the new acquisition, which we don't own at this point.
David MacGregor: Last question, just can you comment on January, February business conditions in Russia?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: They are surprisingly good, but we're waiting for them to fall off a cliff.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Goldberg with UBS.
David Goldberg: I was wondering, Jeff, if you could give maybe some of your thoughts on why the new construction business in the U.S. is improving maybe as faster clip than the R&R part of the business? Is it something you guys are doing or is it maybe a little more aggressive on your side, is it a borrowing issue? Why do you think there is that discrepancy considering, if the consumer is getting healthier, you would expect to see more broad-based recovery from that perspective?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I'm going to give you my guesses, but I don't have anything to back it up. I think we start with that prior to now, the consumer had limited discretionary pieces and they were choosing how they'd put it. So that was farming it up to this point. It is growing. So then you get back to what we think is, up to this point, is that many people bought their houses at a given moment in time, and they thought the house value went up significantly to where it peaked. So even the ones, where the houses have recovered and many of them are still below significantly with their perceived peak value. So there is some question I believe into, when they should put more money in the improvement of the house relative to what they perceive they can sell it for. And my belief is, in many cases, they are not comparing what they bought it to, but they are comparing it to what the peak prices are and it's inhibited some of the investments.
David Goldberg: My follow-up question, I wanted to talk a little bit about innovation and a product like the SmartStrand Forever Clean. And what I wanted to get an idea of is, do you think that when you have innovative product like this that really is very differentiated, do you think buyers trade up to that product? In other words, they were going to buy something that maybe was a less expensive product. That was a lower margin product maybe. But then they see the innovation, and it caused them to trade up or is it more of a shift between similar price points on product? So I'm trying to understand kind of if innovation drives a higher sales ticket in the end.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: When a consumer goes in a retail store they are assisted by a salesperson, who walks them through the different options. So when you give the salesperson something different to talk about, it allows them to give the features and benefits, and try to convey to the customer a higher value and why they should buy something and tell the story. We believe when they do that, it changes the way that the salespeople present it and it does change the mix of the products within what they're selling, as they upgrade them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Tom Mahoney: This is Tom Mahoney on for Eric today. I wanted to ask about the drivers of the improvement in growth in the Carpet segment in the fourth quarter from volume and/or a price mix perspective? And then any color on how that might have trended through the quarter?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think I just have to keep repeating what we've said is that the commercial business was better than the residential business. But in the category we have hard surface branded product under Mohawk, those did better than the average. And the combination of all those things, the business grew more than it has been growing. We believe that we'll be able to improve the growth from where it has been in 2014 and 2015, because of the general conditions in the marketplace as well as the strength of our own business. We think that the rate of growth should go up.
Frank Boykin: Also a little difficult in the fourth quarter to look at trends and try to come to any kind of collusion, because you've got the holiday period at the end. And it's very difficult to understand what that means, when you look at trends.
Tom Mahoney: And then, last year at this time, you talked about first quarter EPS being roughly one-seventh of the full year. Is that something that's appropriate to assume again in 2015? Are there moving pieces that influence that?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, I would say that we are expecting our first quarter '15 to be a larger part of the total year's results than it was in '14. And these comments are all excluding acquisitions. This year we're impacted by number of days, acquisitions, compared to last year weather, FX translation as we've talked about already, and then quarterly tax rates.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Baugh with Stifel.
John Baugh: I wanted to just delve into carpet tile a little bit. You took a misstep there a few years ago and seemingly have recovered nicely. I know you won't give me specific numbers, Jeff, but is there any way we can get a feel for the trajectory of that business couched in growth rates or market shares and what your outlook for that business in '15?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Our carpet tile business is on a strong footing. The products are being well accepted in the marketplace. We are increasing our distribution in the marketplace. The product design is improved. The service levels are much higher than they've been. I would put them at the top of the industry to go along with it. So I think we're in good condition to grow, better than the marketplace this year in our carpet tile business.
John Baugh: Did your growth rate accelerate this past year? Is it consistent off the bottom?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The growth has been increasing, as we went through the year.
Operator: Your final question comes from Jim Krapfel with Morningstar.
Jim Krapfel: So you have the Uniclic patents expiring now just in two years. And it looks like you've got pretty good growth, at least 15% growth in patent revenue in 2014. So just curious, what percent of the licensing revenue was attributed to Uniclic? And then what's your outlook I guess for replacing the lost sales once that patent expires?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The patent makes up a significant. The one that's expired, we have multiple things that we do. It's making up a significant share of the total. When we look at over the next few years with it, we really look at it as a total of our total business, and how we're going to grow our earnings. So we start out with that we believe that we're going to see continued improvement in the U.S., European and Russian economies over the next year. As we've shown this year and we have talked about next year, we expect the margins in all the segments continue to expand. Between '14 and '15 we're going to invest about $1 billion in capital businesses to expand into new plants and new products to grow our existing business. In 2016 our higher cost debt is going to be paid off and we'll be able to refinance it with much lower cost of debt. We have entered the LVT category, which is a high-growth business, which will give us a new opportunity to grow another leg of our business. And we have acquired with the Pergo business a fold-down technology that we're also trying to expand our licensing with that. For the combination of all things, we think we are well-positioned for the future, but there will be a decrease of the income from that piece of it.
Jim Krapfel: And then looking back at your margins since 2000, you're within 100 basis points of your peak. So just curious to hear your thoughts on breaking through that margin level? And is there anything structural in nature about your business today that you think is different than it was, say, a decade ago?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I mean our business is dramatically different than it was a decade ago. A decade ago we were primarily a carpet company. Today we are an international flooring business. We participate in all the categories of the business. We have a very strong management group across all the categories in the U.S. as well as across the world. We have capabilities of acquiring businesses and adding value to them that we didn't have then. And we have the ability to leverage the knowledge as well as the customer base across all the various categories. So I think we have a lot of opportunity to continue growing our business and keep strengthening it going forward and the margins I think we can keep improving.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing comments. End of Q&A
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining our fourth quarter call. We are well-positioned in the marketplace, and we think the U.S. business and economy and category has large opportunities to improve significantly this year. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mike Wood - Macquarie Research Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, October 31, 2014. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin, Chief Financial Officer. You may begin your conference.
Frank H. Boykin: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor conference call. Today, we'll update you on the company's progress during the third quarter of 2014 and provide guidance for the fourth quarter. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include a discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any GAAP to non-GAAP amounts. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. During the third quarter, our earnings per share were $2.06, as reported, or $2.44 excluding unusual charges, an increase of 21% over adjusted second quarter 2013 results. This represents the highest quarterly non-GAAP earnings per share in Mohawk's history. During the period, we significantly increased our adjusted operating income by 12% compared to last year through productivity enhancements, cost-containment and acquisition synergies. Ongoing initiatives to control expenses and increase our productivity yielded our highest operating margins in 8 years. Third quarter sales increased about 2% over the prior year, both as reported and with a constant exchange rate. We delivered good results this period, even in an environment with sluggish demand, due to our market diversification and strong execution. As 2014 began, most forecasts were anticipating strong increases in both the U.S. housing starts and remodeling. The projected rise in both new home construction and existing home sales has fallen short of expectations, along with remodeling not growing at the anticipated rate. A bright spot for 2014 has been the increased home values, which has strengthened future remodeling demand. The commercial sector was more positive with forecast of almost 4% year-over-year increase in commercial spending. While the U.S. represents about 70% of sales, other markets have also been soft. At the beginning of '14, we expected Europe to improve from its bottom. However, the economy in the Eurozone now appears to be weakening. Likewise, the Russian economy is softening more than expected and the housing and flooring sectors are feeling the impact. Despite these economic conditions, we continue to execute well, driving the productivity of our existing businesses and enhancing the performance of our acquisitions by improving all facets of our operations. Moving forward, we are focused on product innovation, operational excellence and sales execution. We will continue investing in our business to support our future growth and profitability. The $550 million in capital investments we will make this year are increasing our productivity, allowing us to further differentiate our products and improving our margins. We will continue to execute our business strategy to deliver results. As we look at our third quarter performance by segment, our carpet business's adjusted operating income rose approximately 20% over the prior year, and the margin was up 170 basis points as a result of increased productivity, improved quality and cost reductions. Net sales were softer than anticipated, up about 1% with commercial outperforming residential. During the period, we reduced SG&A costs through more effective sampling, reduced selling costs and restructuring of administrative functions that yielded greater efficiencies and improved our customer service. Our investments in new manufacturing technology increased productivity, reduced waste and improved quality, contributing to the profitability of the business. During the period, residential remodeling was softer than expected, with sales in new construction and multifamily sectors increasing. We increased our participation in the more value-oriented polyester category and our proprietary Continuum process has allowed us to grow by offering a superior post-recycled -- post-consumer recycled product that delivers outstanding stain and perform soil resistance as well as greater softness. In the fourth quarter, we are introducing the next generation of our unique SmartStrand collection with new features and benefits to create additional value. The expansion of our Karastan distribution continues to increase our luxury carpet sales, as we provide scalable merchandising for different markets and retailers. The price increase we announced on certain products in April was fully executed at the beginning of the quarter, which helped to offset increased raw material prices and freight costs. We are pleased with the growth in our commercial category as we have executed our new product strategy to improve the value and styling of our products, featuring our exclusive DuraColor fiber systems. At the same time, we've reduced the complexity of our manufacturing through more disciplined material strategies. We're also improving our flexibility, service and cost structure as well as enhancing our margins while providing greater value to our customers. Our position in modular tile continues to grow and is enhanced by our introduction of new 12x36-inch plank carpet tiles that can be utilized in conjunction with all our other standard sized products to create stylish new designs for public spaces. Our hospitality business remains strong with new commitments from major hotel chains. We're excited about our future growth prospects in the commercial market. Our Mohawk Brand hard surface sales are growing due to the expanded use of engineered wood, LVT and ceramic and the stronger new construction of multifamily markets. We have implemented more streamlined operations over the past few years, which is resulting in greater productivity, lower costs and improved quality in this segment. We anticipate continued operational improvements from our fiber, yarn and carpet plant investments and realignments. About 85% of our new Continuum capacity is now operational and performing as anticipated. To offset escalating transportation costs, we implemented freight increases in July. We continue to improve our logistics systems. And our customers are responding by shipping more on our trucks and increasing our volume per shipment. During the period, our ceramic segment's adjusted operating profits grew 16%, as reported, or 17.5% on a constant basis -- exchange basis, due to increased productivity, better quality and improved pricing and mix. Net sales rose 2%, as reported, or 3% on a constant basis compared to the prior year. Our ceramic performance improved significantly with slower growth in most of our markets. In the U.S., ceramic continues to outperform most other flooring products with commercial growing more than residential. During the period, sales in our service centers grew stronger. We increased participation in our Statement ceramic showroom program and improved large builder and multifamily partnerships. We're on track to open 16 consolidated Marazzi and American Olean service centers in areas where we lack strong, independent distribution. These service centers provide a comprehensive portfolio of products, with the Marazzi brand focused on the mid- to high-end residential sector and American Olean brand focused on the more value residential and commercial products. The integration of Marazzi into our U.S. ceramic operations is substantially complete and we continue to work towards realigning our manufacturing assets to reduce changeovers and increase flexibility. Site work has begun for our new ceramic plant in Tennessee, which will be capable of making higher-value technical porcelain products that we have historically imported. We're expanding our capabilities to manufacture larger sizes and have recently started up a new production line in Texas to meet increasing demand. We continue to introduce rectangles and planks in flooring as well as larger 12x24 wall tiles. To recoup higher freight and raw material costs, we've announced a price increase to be implemented in January on all our ceramic products. We continue to expand dramatically our participation in the Mexican ceramic market as we increase the distributors and retailers supporting our brands. We now offer a complete product assortment from value red body tile to premium porcelain with larger sizes in planks, floor and wall tile collections and market-leading designs influenced by our U.S. and Italian operations. Our new introduction should allow us to further improve our product mix and increase our average selling price and margins in Mexico. During the period, our sales improved in Russia on a local basis and our ceramic market we estimate to be down in the high single digits. Our earnings during the period improved more than our sales as we upgraded our product mix. While our actions in design, value and service are helping us gain share, we anticipate margin pressures as the ceramic category slows within the market. We're expanding our distribution in new construction in the DIY channel to offset the slowing remodeling business. We have a strong Russian management team that is enhancing our sales execution, improving our distribution process and upgrading our manufacturing operations. The ceramic market in Europe remains difficult with limited credit availability impacting demand. We continue improving our margins by reducing our cost structure and improving our mix. Our sales were off slightly as we balanced discontinuing low-margin products and replacing them with higher value ones. We are presently introducing 500 new SKUs to further upgrade our European ceramic collections, while reducing our total SKU offering by about 20% since we have owned Marazzi. Roughly 35% of our sales are now from products introduced since we completed the acquisition. As part of our turnaround strategy, we're in the process of replacing over 50% of our Italian manufacturing assets, to be completed by the end of 2015. One production line is already running and a second will be operational by the end of the year. Since the acquisitions, through better planning and manufacturing strategies, we have significantly improved inventory turns by more than 25% in our Europe ceramic operations. During the period, net sales for laminate and wood segment increased over the prior year on a constant exchange rate and as reported by 3%. Adjusted operating margins for the segment was 11.6% due to lower sales in laminate, higher costs in new products and equipment startups, offset by acquisition and productivity improvement. In the U.S., laminate primarily sells through residential remodeling, which has been the weakest of all the flooring categories. In Europe, flooring sales remain weak and have been impacted by both volume and mix of our products. In the fourth quarter, we anticipate improvement in the operating margin compared to the prior year, while we continue to invest in LVT and absorb the impact of foreign exchange. In the U.S., laminate sales were softer than expected due to both the weakness in remodeling and inventory adjustments that pushed some orders into the fourth quarter. Our Pergo brand is gaining further traction in the home center channel with the introduction of new style and design, providing greater value to the consumer. Our wood flooring sales grew during the period due to the strength in new residential construction, however, market pricing did not keep up with material changes. Across our U.S. laminate and wood manufacturing, we are aggressively pursuing productivity improvement and cost reduction. During the quarter, we incurred start-up costs for a new board product and a new production process in engineered wood, both of which should be behind us. In Europe, flooring sales were softer than we expected. We have executed almost a complete revision of our Pergo product line to upgrade the styling and performance in the marketplace. Our new deeply embossed Quick-Step laminate collection is being well received due to its differentiated appearance and distinctive texture. The timing of marketing and merchandising investments related to these launches increased the segment's SG&A this quarter. During the period, we absorbed start-up costs related to our Belgian LVT plant and equipment upgrades at our recently acquired Czech wood plant. Our increased participation in the rapidly growing LVT category and the expansion of our wood flooring sales should strengthen our future results. Our European insulation business continued to grow with operational and formula improvements offsetting pricing pressures. Our sales and margins on roof panels declined due to unfavorable market conditions, and we closed a small roof panel facility during the period. Our European board business delivered top line growth due to our broad product offering and increased margins from productivity improvement and higher material yields. The synergies associated with the Spano acquisition are yielding operational and administrative efficiencies ahead of schedule. I'll now turn the call over to Frank to review our financial performance for the period.
Frank H. Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales in the quarter were $1,991,000,000, up 2%, both as reported and on a constant exchange rate basis. We had growth in all segments, with stronger performance in the ceramic and laminate segments. For the third quarter year-to-date, pro forma sales grew 2% or 1% on a constant exchange rate basis. Gross margin, as reported, was 28%. Excluding restructuring, it was 28.3%, up 60 basis points over the comparable amount last year. We had higher productivity and acquisition synergies that drove improvement. SG&A, as reported, was $343 million. Excluding restructuring, SG&A as a percent to net sales was 16.4%, a 50 basis point improvement over last year. We were able to keep our SG&A dollars flat, while leveraging the lower SG&A dollars -- percent. Unusual charges for the quarter were $41 million, with most from plant closures, acquisition restructuring and bond redemption premium that we paid for the purchase of $200 million of our 2016 bonds. The operating margin excluding charges was 11.9%. That's up 110 basis points from last year. The declining ruble impacted our operating income dollars by $2.5 million in the quarter. Given our present earnings mix, we gain or lose about $1 million of operating income per quarter if the dollar-euro exchange rate changes 0.02 or if the ruble-dollar exchange rate changes 2.5. We have approximately 70% of our laminate and wood business that's euro-based and 30% of our ceramic segment that's euro/ruble-based. Our interest expense for the quarter was $35 million and includes a $17 million bond redemption premium, which reduces second half interest by approximately $4 million, and we were able to realize some cash savings as a result of the redemption. We may purchase additional small lots of the 2016 bonds if pricing is favorable. Interest improved $8 million, excluding the premium, primarily due to the ratings upgrade and our entry into the commercial paper program. Our income tax rate was 19% for the quarter, which compares to 21% last year. We expect our full year rate to be 21% this year and range from 22% to 23% next year. The rate will fluctuate between quarters, due to shifts of income between countries and timing of deductions. Earnings per share excluding charges was $2.44. That's up 21% from last year and, as Jeff mentioned, is the highest earnings per share in our history. If we move to the segments. In the carpet segment, sales were $779 million, up 1% over last year, with sales growth primarily from volume increases in both commercial and in our hard surface products. Our operating income was $84 million, with a 10.8% margin, up 170 basis points from last year. Continuing productivity and volume increases supported higher margins. In the ceramic segment, sales were $780 million, up 2%, as reported, or 3% on a constant exchange rate basis. We had good growth in our ceramic North American business, with the largest improvement in Mexico. Our Russian business grew in local currency, with the European business down slightly. Our operating income was $106 million, with a 13.5% margin, up 160 basis points from volume, productivity and mix. All regions reported margin increases during the quarter. In the laminate and wood segment, sales ended at $463 million, up 3% on both a constant reported -- constant exchange rate basis as well as reported. We had Europe showing an increase in most categories and U.S. declining slightly from slower remodel laminate business. The operating income in this segment was $54 million with an 11.6% margin, down 130 basis points due to mix and start-up costs. In the corporate and eliminations segment, we had an operating loss of $6 million, and we estimate the full year loss to be about $30 million. Jumping to the balance sheet. Receivables ended the quarter at $1.2 billion, with DSOs at 53 days for the quarter. Inventories were $1.640 billion, with inventory days at 113, up due to inflation, backwards integration and prebuy of raw materials. Fixed assets were $2,773,000,000 and included capital expenditures during the quarter of $142 million and D&A of $85 million. We estimate CapEx for the full year to be $550 million, primarily for capacity expansion and as we assimilate our acquisitions. Total D&A for the quarter is -- or for the year is estimated to be $350 million. And then finally, long-term debt -- net debt ended the quarter at $2,284,000,000. Our leverage ended at 2.0x debt-to-EBITDA. With that, I'll turn it back over to Jeff.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. We anticipate that the growth in the U.S. economy in the flooring category will remain unchanged during the fourth quarter, with residential remaining slow as commercial grows. We do not foresee significant improvement in the European economy or flooring industry during the period. In Russia, we expect the economy to continue slowing, creating pressure on our results. For the total company, we expect improvement in our sales and operating margins compared to last year. However, due to the strengthening dollar, we anticipate that foreign currency translation will reduce sales and profits as reported. Our performance will benefit from new products, productivity improvements, synergies from our acquisitions and cost containment initiatives. We remain confident in our ability to execute our business strategy within the prevailing economic conditions. With these factors, our guidance for the fourth quarter earnings is $2.18 to $2.27 per share, excluding any restructuring charges. Looking forward to 2015, we anticipate improved growth in the U.S. economy, with housing starts, existing home sales and remodeling strengthening from this year. The European economy appears to be getting weaker, but the Central Bank is keeping interest rates low to stimulate growth. The Russian economy is declining, and we are taking actions to increase our market share, which will impact our margins. We expect improved sales growth on a local basis and continued improvement in our margins. From the beginning of 2014, the stronger dollar has reduced the dollar-euro exchange rate by 7% and the dollar-ruble exchange rate has decreased by 31%. Our reported results will be lower if the U.S. dollar remains strong. Our plans for 2015 are centered on improving our results and we'll continue to pursue acquisitions that provide good long-term returns. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Great execution in a tough top line environment. I guess, my question really deals with some of the longer-term margin targets that you've communicated historically. I think you've talked about 10% as being kind of the longer-term target margin in carpet and 13% in ceramics. And I guess, the question really is are we seeing margins here? Or are you beginning to think differently about margin potential?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Make sure you remember that the business is seasonal and we're in one of the best quarters each year, so you have to look at the annual rates. We believe we'll continue to improve our margins from the annual rate we expect to be at.
Frank H. Boykin: We're not changing the earnings -- or the margin targets that we've talked about in -- long-term margin targets we've talked about in the past, David.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Great. So we're getting closer to those numbers. Now, I realize there's seasonality in the numbers, but it would appear that we're getting -- we're converging on those numbers pretty quickly. Follow-up question is just with regard to Russia, and you called out a couple of times in the presentation that you're investing there, that the macro situation there is deteriorating pretty quickly, margins are likely to come in. Is there any way to help us in terms of sizing that business today within the context of ceramics and the extent to which you feel margins might come down?
Frank H. Boykin: When we bought the Marazzi Company, it was about $1 billion in sales and I think we said then it was represented, in total, $1 billion around the world. And we said Russia represented about 25% of that, and so the business has grown over the last couple of years.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: And then the margins to compression that you expect from these various dynamics?
Frank H. Boykin: Well, they'll go down, but we're not ready to quantify it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Wetenhall from RBC.
Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is actually Desi filling in for Bob. You discussed the price increases for the carpet segment that you realized in April in order to offset raw material costs. Given the recent decline in oil prices, are you seeing any raw material relief on the petroleum-based inputs for the segment as we've gone to the fourth quarter?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We have not seen any basic changes in our raw material costs. The raw material cost that we've said do follow oil over the long term, but in the short term, the chemicals and resins aren't always aligned, so we haven't seen any yet. If they stay down continuously for a long time, we would expect to see so.
Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then you guys are obviously investing heavily in the business to realize improved margin performance and expand your product offering. And then as we think about CapEx requirements for the business going forward, do you expect to remain in that $550 million area for 2015? Or should they trend lower over time as the spending related to the integration of the acquisitions are completed?
Frank H. Boykin: We, at this point, don't expect to spend the same number next year that we're spending this year. We don't have a final budget yet, but we're not looking at spending the same number this -- next year as we are this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East from ISI Group.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Jeff, if you look at the -- you made some comments about the U.S. remodel/repair market. How much do you think it's down? And are you starting to see pricing pressure come through on your categories? And I guess, which categories are you seeing the weakest type performance?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The remodeling business has not improved as we had expected. I can't say that we have a definitive reason why it is for the different pieces. We believe that the mortgage problems that people are having, getting mortgages, are impacting existing home sales. Some new buyers coming in the marketplace with the debts they have, these young people are impacting it. So we think that it's going to improve, they just haven't come back as fast as we have thought as they go through. With that, the marketplaces are less robust than everyone had expected and there are various promotions and things in the various categories as people try to balance sales with their asset levels.
Frank H. Boykin: And it's hard for us to quantify the difference between new construction and remodel because there's overlap between customers and products and things like that, so to give a number would just be a guess on our part, Stephen.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Sure. Okay. Fair enough. And then, Jeff, if you -- when your CapEx gets big, I look at it as 4%, 5%, 6% of sales, I really think of that in the same vein as I look at acquisitions. And you did -- between last year and this year, you're pushing what, $900 million or so, so a decent-sized acquisition, if you will. Can you help us understand, with acquisitions, it's fairly easy to see what's going on from a margin perspective and whether you're getting top line. We can't really see that with CapEx. Can you help us a little bit with what do you think we've seen so far out of the last 2 years' worth of spend? And what do you think is still on to come? I know we've got the LVT plant that is going to make a big difference, but maybe some of the other moving parts to it.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: If you look at the overall CapEx, we have about $70 million to $90 million in maintenance, safety, environmental things each year, depending upon what it is and basically those are just keeping the business running. We internally have a rigorous process for deciding what to do. When we look at it, most of the cost reduction projects typically have between 2- and 5-year paybacks. When we look at investments that are going to expand the sales, they tend to be a little longer, could be 4 to 6 years, because the start-up time in getting them go through could be less. If you look at what we spent in 2014, the big pieces are around replacement of high-cost assets and our acquisitions that we knew when we went in that we would have to do things to get their margins up. There where businesses like the Pergo business, which had very low margins; the European ceramic business, which had no profits that we knew we were going to invest in; we've announced and we started the spending towards putting in a new porcelain plant that makes technical porcelain in the U.S. and Tennessee; we're in the process of putting up a new LVT plant in Europe; we've expanded the production capacity of ceramic planks and larger sizes in the U.S.; we have fiber and yarn investments in the carpet business that support the changing product trends, it happens about once every 20 years, we have to replace huge parts of the assets; and then we have numerous smaller projects across the businesses each year.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. If you sort of broke it out between your spend to drive volume versus your spend to improve your margin, how would you, sort of, allocate that bucket?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We have it, but I don't have it in front of me. But each project, each division, each piece and I can't -- I don't have it to give you anything. It's made up of those pieces that we talked about.
Frank H. Boykin: Just to, Stephen, reemphasize Jeff's point on going through a rigorous process, we do. We get down into a lot of the details at the division level and then here as well, when we have capital projects that are brought up.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Listen, the reasons the margins are improving are all these things we've been doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Dahl from Credit Suisse.
Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if we go back to the margin improvement and look specifically at the carpet and ceramic side, clearly a very good job in a tough top line environment. But if I look at the profit improvement, so $1 growth in profits in excess of $1 growth in sales. So even if you're executing on these kind of productivity improvements, that seems like it's probably unsustainable. I think margin -- guidance for fourth quarter, it's just -- we'll still see that in the fourth quarter. But just how to think about the next couple of quarters on the incremental side for those 2 segments?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: So what you're seeing is years of work we've been doing to get ready for this, including the capital investments we just talked about, about the businesses. If you look in the carpet business, we've closed a significant number of facilities; we've consolidated different parts of the business; we've replaced higher costal assets; we simplified the product line and the raw material structures; we've consolidated and reduced the administrative costs multiple times in the last year or 2. We've invested in new systems to improve the efficiency of the business and we've spent a lot of effort trying to increase our product differentiation, which helps our margins in that. So I mean, all those things coming together have had a significant impact on the way we operate the business.
Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. Okay. My second question. On the lower laminate sales in the U.S., I'd imagine it's maybe hard from quarter-to-quarter to get a great read on this, but what's your confidence level on -- that this is truly just a weak R&R environment versus things like LVT actually eating into market share for laminate in the U.S.? Any color you have on that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, our Ouija board probably doesn't work a lot better than anybody else's. We believe that the laminate business will grow but at a slower overall rate than the overall flooring category because of the competition it has with other things. Also, there's some pressure on the higher-end products with ceramic and other alternatives going after it. Our business is focused more on the middle- to higher-end of the marketplace, where there's more differentiated product which helps us. But in our plans, it will grow slower than the overall market.
Frank H. Boykin: And then one other point to make on laminate is it's -- the end market there is much more limited, it's primarily residential remodel and very little going into new construction and commercial. So that is a headwind compared to the other categories.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Mike Rehaut. First question I had was on the -- going just back to the carpet margin question that was asked earlier. I mean, looking at it another way, in over the last 3 years, you're on track to do kind of at least a mid-8s type of margin this year, you're basically talking about 400 basis points of margin improvement on flattish sales. And so with incremental margins, I believe you've talked about around 20%. I think the math would just dictate that if you're going to get some amount of sales growth over the next 2, 3 years at least that, that 10% margin could be easily surpassed. So I just wanted to know if there's anything that we're missing there in terms of -- I mean, obviously, you can have some short-term disruptions from a cost versus price, but you've been able, in a lot of instances, to achieve price increases when needed, cost-based, that is. So I'm just trying to understand if there's anything that we're kind of missing in terms of what would keep a lid on carpet margins from not exceeding that 10% mark?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It's definitely our goal to do that. We expect continued benefit from our investments. We expect to continue improving the productivity and new products. We're anticipating, next year, to have continued improvements, but probably a little less as a percentage basis than we did this year. And our goal is to keep driving it up to new heights.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I appreciate that. I know it's hard to give out a target when it's kind of almost been new territory. Second question, just on -- you highlighted some, kind of, more temporary costs in the laminate and wood segment for the quarter. Just trying to get a sense of the order of magnitude, where you had the overall margin down about 130 bps year-over-year, what those kind of more temporary third quarter costs that you don't expect to recur? What was the impact of that on the year-over-year decline?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'll try to give you a view of the pieces, but the specific numbers, we're not giving out. We had weaker sales in both the U.S. and Europe, which impacted the business; we had higher costs due to new product introductions; we had equipment startups that I went through, which we think are behind us, so those were onetime pieces; in Europe, we're absorbing the cost of investing in LVT; we have the new Czech plant that we bought from someone; we're having to upgrade it and get it where it can make more money; in the U.S., the wood selling prices didn't cover them so the question is where the margins in the selling prices and the cost is going to be in wood, we hope they're going to be better. With all that, we do expect the margins to improve in this segment, both next quarter and next year.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: One quick last one, if I could. The Marazzi savings that you expected, are you on track? Or do you think you could even exceed some of your original targets or hopes that you had when you closed the acquisition?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The business is doing better than we had expected. The U.S. business we're now operating as a single business and is working well together. We think we have opportunities to market the 2 brands together, which we've been talking about. The Russian business is operating really well. The market conditions have changed from where we saw it. But when we bought the business, the Russian economy was growing about 5%. And most likely, it's going to be in a recession. And then same thing as here, when you're in recession, our category tends to get hurt worse. As some of the things helping us there are that probably about 25% of the ceramic market was being imported from around the world. So the weak euro is slowing it down and then we believe we're in the best position in the marketplace from a styling standpoint, from a product and a design standpoint and from the franchised stores that are lined with us. However, the remodeling part of the business is being impacted the most at the moment. So we're having to move from that to expanding our position in the new construction business and the DIY channels, which we're doing. But we're expecting the overall marketplace, the pricing pressures to increase, but we're going to increase our market share. And then the final piece of the business is the European business, which was basically earning no money, we have it profitable at this point and growing a profit. And when we get through putting in the new equipment, we'll have a lower cost base and a higher product mix when we get through. And we'll have to decide -- we have in place what we expect to do next year, and -- I mean, it's moving and actually being executed as we speak. And there's possibility for more actions after that once we get it executed. So I think we're doing really well from where we started and some things are in our control and some things aren't.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill from Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Frank, I was just wondering, on -- in 2014, if you were to aggregate, sort of, cash flow over spent on restructuring actions in any of the integration, if you could give us a rough sense of what that number was or will be? And then as you look forward to next year, maybe what the change might be, considering any other restructurings you might have planned?
Frank H. Boykin: I don't have it broken down between cash and noncash in front of me, but I can get that for you later, Dennis. I guess, we've incurred about -- in restructuring, about $47 million for 3 quarters, and we could get another range, say, of $23 million to $27 million in the fourth quarter, but timing in terms of decisions that we make and when we execute things may impact that. And then next year, it could range -- and this is all related to the acquisitions. It's really related to Spano and the Marazzi -- Europe Marazzi acquisition. Next year, it could range $40 million to $45 million. And I can get you the cash portion of that later. I don't have it here in front of me.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Okay, that would be great. And then separate question. As you look across the portfolio, and specifically wood, I know it's not a big business for you. But if you look at the price per foot of wood with the inflation that's been driven by raw materials, what type of GAAP is that versus, let's say, ceramic as an example? And how would that compare versus history?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Are you talking about the cost difference or the selling price difference?
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Selling price to the consumer.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The selling prices of ceramic have had limited inflation, with most of it being caused by the freight movement. Ceramic is very, very expensive to move around the country, but I mean, it's gone up limited amounts. And then the wood prices have gone up substantially as the raw material prices have gone up. So that wood is much more expensive relative to ceramic than it was 2 years ago or 3 years ago.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: So does that limit the industry's ability to recover raw material cost inflation on the wood side?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: That's impacting it as well as the capacities in the marketplace doing it as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh from Stifel.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I was wondering, if you go back to ceramics, Jeff, and I know you're not going to give a '15 guidance, but there's a lot of moving parts. Obviously, the revenue outlook for Russia and Western Europe is pretty challenged. But I'm just curious, as we think about dollars of EBIT maybe next year in ceramic going up versus flat or negative, do we get enough boost out of the U.S. growth and margin improvement at Marazzi and Europe that we can still look at a pretty good growth next year in ceramics?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, we're expecting to have the top line grow and we're expecting to have the margins go up also as a collective piece, but we're going to lose a part of it relative to the FX. Now I don't know whether the FX is going to get better or worse from here forward. I'm not too good at guessing, but we're expecting both of them to grow and offset it, but it's going to inhibit some of the growth we thought we were going to have.
Frank H. Boykin: And a lot of the changes we're making, John, in ceramic Europe, we're upgrading assets and consolidating plants, et cetera. That's improving our costs and taking our mix up. So that will drive margins and top line a little bit, too, with the mix increase.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: So on a local basis, we expect the European business to be more profitable and we'll probably give up a little taking share in Russia.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then quickly on carpet. Did you benefit at, all from, from rug sales being up materially year-over-year? And do you think your volume of residential carpet share was similar to the trade? And was that negative?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think in the period that we probably did a little bit better than the carpet industry. We are anticipating our rug business doing better going forward. We've made changes in it to improve our product offering. We're using more of our fiber and assets to bake more differentiated products and we've had some changes in the competition in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: You made some comments on commercial being up and strong, in the intro. I guess my question is can you differentiate between carpet and ceramic and trends you're seeing there?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think the trends are similar. They have different -- they participate in different channels at different amounts. And then in my carpet segment, we've gone through about 1.5 years or 2 years of transition of moving the product line, the raw material structures, taking complexity out of the business. And those things are giving our business a boost as we are getting to the other side of all those things.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Do you think you're taking market share in carpet in the recent results?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Maybe a little.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg from UBS.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's actually Susan for David. In terms of the promotion, are you seeing any big changes there? And also, have you noticed any changes to the effectiveness that they're having on the consumer?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I doubt that they're changing the consumer much. Typically, promotions in the industry are run as the supply and demand of individual companies move around and people try to equalize their assets with the demand structures of each one. So I don't think that the promotions really change the consumer demand.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then on the R&R side, it seems like earlier in the year, it wasn't just getting better but it also seemed like people were maybe ever so slightly moving up to sort of higher-end products as well. And now based on your comments, it seems like that has really slowed dramatically in the second half. What are you hearing from your customers that's really driving this? And to what degree do you think people have stopped purchasing as opposed to perhaps moving down or shifting to different product types?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think, today, the markets are more bifurcated at the top and the bottom. The middle is what's getting hurt the most. The middle buyers are tending to move down or postpone it as much. Some of it may come from -- over the past few years, you had companies investing in homes that they weren't living in them and renting them out. They tend to go with lower-value products than others. People, I think, are concerned about -- in the early 2000s the price of a home was moving up so much that if someone put an investment in their home, they expected to get multiples of it back when they sold it. So having the housing prices move up where people get more comfortable that they invest -- the money they're putting in are investments would help the business more. We think it's going to improve over the future. We think that people want to live in nice places. We think that the mortgage rates are going to get a little easier, the conditions to get them from what the government is talking about. So we're optimistic about the future. But it is what it is today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: As we've discussed in past calls, there's a bit of capacity coming online at the lower end of the carpet market and a capacity that will continue to come online as we go into next year. What, in your assessment, does this do to pricing? And not necessarily the next couple quarters, but how do you position yourself and how do you think about pricing in that end of the market over the next 12 to 24 months?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The capacities coming in was based on expectations of a higher growth rate that we've seen so far as well as the change in the product mix of what people are buying. So some portion of what's coming in is replacing other raw materials and obsoleting other assets that the industry have, such as in olefins, which is declining, so there's many assets that are going to be shut down or not used. With that, there is more capacity in the marketplace and it tends to -- people tend to use the open price point categories to balance out the asset utilizations from time to time, to get them going. And the bottom end of the market is always competitive and we expect it to continue to be.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the laminate wood, I appreciate your comments today on that. But as you -- one of your peers has seen similar-type margin or pricing pressure. And I guess the question would be is the pricing situation improving? Or is it unchanged? Or are you somehow better able to perform and pick up share even though the market is less than ideal?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: First, our share to our total business is relatively small. And second, I want to make sure you understand, our U.S. wood business is not the same as our non-U.S. wood businesses.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Right. I was referring to the domestic.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The domestic business, in addition, you have a solid wood business and an engineered wood business and the dynamics are different because of the raw material content of each. But the recent past being we, as an industry, tried to raise prices and did not get as much as we wanted. I don't see anything that's changed that from 2 weeks ago to now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I've got just a couple questions left, all of them have to do with oil sensitivity. We're looking, obviously, at volumes in the carpet industry that are really muted. Do you need to see growth in industry volumes in order to maintain price? Should raw materials drop via lower oil prices? Or do you think the industry is disciplined to the point where the low oil prices could translate through at current volumes without excessive discounting?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In my long history, the pricings have gone up and down based on raw materials. As the prices go up, we chase it a little, and as the prices go down, we keep it awhile but it tends to end up being passed through over time. The commodity areas of the business tend to have little differentiation, and I would assume that if the prices fall, there would be some positive impact for a while. But with the capacity utilizations, we will probably pass it through. But historically, it's always moved down there anyway so I don't know if it's really capacity related today or it's just the way we operate. We don't want to earn too much money.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And where would you see -- assuming the oil prices stay down here, where would you see lower oil prices manifest itself first within your various raw materials? My guess would be in the backing, since the backing prices have risen this year, more so than perhaps others. But where might you see it first, Jeff, canary in the coal mine-type stuff.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I can't give you a simple answer I don't repeat. We have each of the different raw materials that we use: polypropylene, polyester, nylon that all have different chemical dynamics in them. So the chemical changes in each industry and what the alternatives for the chemical part of it determines what the prices are with supply and demand. You then have that resin pieces, which you have supply and demand in, which go into various industries beside ours. And the competition of all there, you can have, as we've said before, you can have falling oil prices and rising raw material for us or you can have reverse. So it just has to work its way through based on the world dynamics, too, because the chemicals get shipped around the world and the U.S. dollar strengthened and that's going to impact it. So I mean my predictions of where it's going to go aren't too good, and I have never found a formula that I can convert one to the other.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Last question, if I might. Frank, total transportation costs for the company, I'm aware that there -- it's not all oil-based, obviously, there's going to be labor costs that inflate on you and other ancillary costs that have nothing to do with the price of diesel. But generally speaking, your entire transportation exposure from a cost standpoint is what, ballpark?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't think we have the numbers with us, but most of the product categories, the freight is an add-on cost or we add -- we change the price of the products. So we're trying to move the selling prices to take care of them as either freight or the other. We've said before that we raised the freight prices in the second quarter. We just announced that we're going to raise ceramic prices that are sold on a local basis in the first quarter. So I think that we have reasonable ways of managing to pass-through of those costs. They're not exactly lined up but they tend to be pretty close today.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Are they separate from the selling prices of the product, the freight costs?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It depends on the product and the market and the channel. In ceramic, we have a portion with our service centers that we sell it FOB to local destinations for instance. In our carpet, we tend to sell them with a freight charge added on to it. In other pieces, we have a freight charge embedded to get it to local and then an additional freight charge to get it local -- the long haul embedded in the local freight as an additional charge and all variations thereof.
Frank H. Boykin: I just want to follow up on one question that Dennis had asked earlier about cash versus noncash restructuring this year. As a percentage, cash is probably about 2/3 of the total. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eli Hackel from Goldman Sachs.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you just talk about maybe what the slower-than-expected growth could do to potentially catalyze additional consolidation in the foreign sector globally? As you think about M&A for your company, are there any specific areas of focus that you're looking at? Obviously, you did deals in Europe and some was a Russian focus more recently. Are you looking towards moving to other areas or more to the U.S. with potentially stronger growth in this country, maybe in the more medium term?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We see the world as an opportunity for us to do acquisitions. We try to find acquisitions that we can leverage our knowledge and/or leverage our style, design processes in. We go into new marketplaces. We think those things we're capable and we have shown that we can apply those across new places and help people improve the way they go to market. We don't have a specific area that we say we have to be in this one or another one. We look for opportunities in 2 places. One is either to buy businesses that we can improve substantially or buy businesses with really good management and good results that we can take and leverage across other areas and geographies and we operate for both. I can't say that we have one geography that we want to go in. We look for geographies that we think we have advantages in or that will give us a foothold to expand upon. Around the world, there are companies that are owned by private equity, which they're looking to turnover. There are some areas where their businesses, like we bought Pergo, or other ones that their -- the operations of the business aren't what they want and they need capital. And again, I can't say there's one product or geography that's more interesting to us than another.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just quickly. Can you just update us on your LVT plant in Europe and any potential plans to do LVT or build an LVT plant in the U.S.?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Our LVT plant in Europe is in the final stages of being constructed. We are running tests on the product design and specifications as we speak. We have a lot of product design and things going on in the background. It is a new technology. It is different than other technologies that have been tried. It's -- we're going to be conservative in making sure that we test it properly before we bring it to market. I think we're in a good position. It's the second plant in the world, I believe, that's automated and running at high potentials. We have the ability to make products in the high end of the market as well as in the low end of the marketplace. We think it's a good place to start. We'd like to get the learning curve through it and then we would be prepared to open up other plants in other geographies as we thought we're -- give us good returns.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood from Macquarie.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Last quarter, you've commented that SG&A would be up sequentially versus the first half and the back half of the year. And the third quarter run rate is down materially from the first half. Were any of these changes temporary or maybe performance-related that we should expect to come back? Or should we think about these as being more permanent changes to your SG&A? And I'd also find it very helpful if you can just update us on the fixed versus variable part of SG&A.
Frank H. Boykin: The SG&A dollars were about flat, maybe slightly down Q3 this year to Q3 last year, excluding restructuring. And they'll probably be flattish in the fourth quarter this year compared to last year. As we move forward, I would anticipate the dollars to go up as we reinvest back into the business and grow the -- to support growth in the business. But the percentage of SG&A, the sales, we'll be able to leverage that and that should continue to improve. And it's about 50% fixed and 50% variable, somewhere around there.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Great. And then also, just to clarify the tax guidance, which seems to be lower. Can I just confirm that the fourth quarter, you're pointing to about an 18% or under an 18%? And is there any -- I'm just wondering if there's anything that you've structurally changed there on the tax side. Or if you can give us just the mix that we should think about for next year to figure out where we come in within your guidance.
Frank H. Boykin: Rates should be about 19% for the fourth quarter, and really, the rate is impacted between quarters and in between years, based on regional dispersion of the earnings and also between quarters based on timing of certain deductions. And looking forward, we're estimating at this point that our rate -- tax rate would be in the range of 22% to 23%.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: You gave him the quarter, what is the annual tax rate for '14?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes. The annual rate for '14 is -- would be around 21%.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim from Barclays.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but I wanted to talk to you a little bit about LVT. We've seen a tremendous amount of capacity opening up in the industry, seems you can't really go for a bike ride in the country without passing a new plant. And I was curious if you could just talk a little bit about how you think about your capacity, which you're bringing online, relative to what you see others doing? What we're -- what I sort of see when I look out there is a category that has gotten everybody very excited. Nobody really -- it's, kind of, like new land, nobody has really staked it out yet. I'm very curious as to how you anticipate the success being achieved in -- for individual players. What's -- what kind of strategies will, in your view, likely be the path to success? Is it going to be distribution? Or is it going to be product innovation? Just if you could talk a little bit about that.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Just to clarify the question, do you want a capacity discussion or a strategy-to-sell discussion?
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well, more of the strategy to establish a strong presence in that category versus others.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Let's start first. Our plant is in -- the one we're building right -- the one that's up -- that's going to be up soon is in Europe. In Europe, there is one other low-cost high-performance plant there, and I'm not aware of another one being announced at the moment. So we think we're in good position there. In the U.S. market, the marketplace is somewhere around $900 million, I believe, in wholesale this year. It's expected to grow at double-digit rates over the next few years. The amount of capacity coming in the industry is somewhere around 40% to 50% of the sales in 2014. The Chinese have been supplying the marketplace, so it depends on the -- what happens with the ability to compete with the Chinese, both on a cost basis and a style and design basis, what's going to happen with the capacity questions. On an individual basis, you're going to have companies that have different strengths. We believe that our business, it is very similar to both our laminate business and somewhat with our ceramic business -- we think that we have advantages in the style and design category to take our knowledge from those businesses and apply it to the new business. In addition, our ability to get to all categories of the market in commercial as well as residential in all the different channels with our sales forces and the relationships we have, we think will allow us to achieve the shares we would like in the industry.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So when you look across LVT, currently, how much of that business do you think -- or the demand do you think is commercial versus resi? In the U.S., I'm talking about. And do you anticipate that the growth will be greater in commercial or resi as you look forward over the next few years in LVT?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'm guessing, but I believe that the commercial part is probably around 40% of the industry at this point, and we see it growing in both categories.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then the second question I had generally is about brand. And I was curious as to whether you believe that brand matter -- has come to matter less in the various flooring products that you've seen and is perhaps other things such as innovation have -- or just flat-out costs have allowed manufacturers to -- or have allowed customers to sort of move away from brand and just sort of seek value in other ways or if you still think brand is still very, very important in the category.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think that the brand price and style and design and service are all components of the same thing. And what you have is, some competitors that have little differentiation and tend to -- the only thing they tend to sell is price on one extreme. And then you have the ability, which I think we do, to compete on a price basis in one part of the marketplace, to compete on a style and design in another part of the marketplace and to compete on a service level at another part of the marketplace. And so I think that it depends where in the value stream you're playing and which channels or markets you're playing, how much it means to each.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. And where do you think you've seen the most change with respect to the design and innovation in terms of that becoming more important? Would you say it's been mostly in the ceramic area or the carpet area?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, I think -- I'll give you examples of all. In carpet, we led the industry with a product called SmartStrand, which has a differentiated position. We led the industry in creating ultra soft carpets, which dramatically changed the premium part of the industry. In ceramic, we've led the industry in using Reveal technology, which is a unique printing technology. Today, about 20% of the industry in ceramic is being sold in wood planks, which didn't exist 3 or 4 years ago. And we have the most options, the most sizes, the most links. For instance, we translate that into other looks as well. In laminate, we have a premium high-end position, which we get because our products are different from others and people are willing to pay more for a Ferrari than they are for a Volkswagen. So, I mean it's everywhere.
Operator: There are no other questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Jeff Lorberbaum for closing comments.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining us. I think that we had a good quarter. I think that the strategies we're using are enabling us to outperform the marketplace. And I think the investments we're putting in are going to allow us to do better on an ongoing basis. The management of the business is in the strongest position it's ever been at, and I think that our company has significant opportunities for the long-term future. Thank you for joining us. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Mike Wood - Macquarie Research Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sean, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, August 1, 2014. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Frank Boykin, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Frank H. Boykin: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today we'll update you on the company's progress during the second quarter of 2014 and provide guidance for the third quarter and the full year. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. During the second quarter, our earnings per share were $2.08 as reported, or $2.21 excluding unusual charges, an increase of 20% over adjusted second quarter 2013 results and the highest quarterly adjusted earnings per share in the company's history. Our adjusted operating income increased 160 basis points as productivity initiatives, cost reductions, price increases and manufacturing consolidation drove higher earnings across the business. During the period, sales rose 4% as reported, or 3% on a constant exchange rate, over the prior year primarily driven by the strengthening euro and partially offset by the weakening ruble. Top line growth was less than we anticipated due to slower improvement in the U.S. housing and remodeling. However, profits were in line with expectations as a result of successful product introductions, productivity improvements and better controls. We reduced SG&A costs compared to last year across the enterprises -- enterprise, even as we reinvested into the business to promote new product collections and enhance our sales strategies. Our entire management team is focusing on enhancing the organizational structures, sales and marketing strategies, product collections and operational performance, as well as further integrating our acquisitions into Mohawk. We're continuing to invest in our acquisitions to improve profitability, increase mix and streamline the business. And we anticipate these actions will result in even higher earnings as the European and Russian economies improve. During 2014, we expect our capital expenditures to reach $550 million as we have identified additional opportunities to improve our future results. These investments will support sales and income growth and include new product innovations, upgrading assets of acquired businesses, increased yarn capacity for carpet, greater ceramic tile capacity and an LVT plant to support our growing commitment to this category. In the U.S., continuing improvement in the job market and a growing GDP should support a stronger second half of the year. Although housing growth has slowed in the first 6 months of 2014, it is expected to continue growing from its currently historically low level. Both the National Association of Home Builders and Harvard's Joint Center for Housing Studies expect residential remodeling to grow for the remainder of the year, with pent-up demand driving increased spending. The AIA's Architectural Billings Index rose to a 9-month high in June, and the new project inquiry index increased to an 11-month high, reflecting stronger nonresidential growth trends. In Mexico, the economy should improve on its first quarter growth as consumer confidence hit a 7-month high in May and GDP is projected to rebound almost 4%. The European Commission is projecting limited growth across the European Union during 2014, citing positive impact of declining deficits, rebounding investments, improving employment and continued reforms. In Russia, the Central Bank is predicting declining economic conditions in the second half of the year, although the forecasted recession has not arrived yet and the ruble has rebounded. As we look at our second quarter performance by segment, our carpet business adjusted operating income increased 15% over last year, as a result of increased productivity, improved quality and cost reductions in operations and administration. Net sales were up 1%, and we anticipate improvement in both our residential and commercial categories in the second half of this year. We reduced SG&A costs through systems improvement, lower selling costs and reductions in force that yielded greater efficiency and enhanced customer service. Our investments in new equipment delivered increased productivity and throughput, contributing to the profitability of the business. In the residential channel, the segmentation of our sales organization into retail, builder and multifamily has improved our execution, and we are adding personnel to maximize our brand penetration in the major markets. Investments in new Continuum technology is supporting growth in our product collections made from up to 100% recycled polyester in the mid and value price points. Our patented Continuum process produces a better, cleaner, bulkier carpet from postconsumer recycled content with outstanding stain and soil resistance, as well as more luxurious softness. Our super soft carpet collections, such as SmartStrand Silk and Wear-Dated Embrace continue to capture a greater share of the premium carpet category, as homeowners upgrade their remodeling projects. We're also expanding the distribution of our premium Karastan carpets by providing a broader offering and increasing the number of retailers selling our high-end brand. Commercial orders improved through the quarter, led by hospitality and corporate sectors. Orders are growing now that we have substantially completed the transition to our own fibers, which deliver industry-leading style and performance and improve our efficiencies and margins. We have reorganized our commercial sales organization into smaller regions, segmented by customer type, with the complete product portfolio for each channel. At the annual industry exhibition, our new breaking form carpet tile collection was named the best modular carpet with new shapes, colors and patterns that create sophisticated visually appealing commercial spaces. Our investment in extrusion and yarn capacity is supporting our increased Continuum polyester sales with our state-of-the-art manufacturing project 75% complete at this point. We continue to drive numerous productivity projects across the segment, including operational enhancements, improved SG&A costs and capital investments. Our April price increase was fully implemented at the end of the quarter to cover the raw material inflation we incurred. We announced an additional freight increase in July to cover increased trucking and logistics costs. During the period, our ceramics segment's adjusted operating income grew 21% due to productivity, volume, pricing and mix. Net sales rose 5% as reported, with a constant exchange rate compared to the prior year which, for the first time, includes the Marazzi acquisition and its comparisons. In the quarter, U.S. sales improved less than anticipated as demand did not rebound as strongly as we anticipated, and larger customers adjusted inventories. In flooring retail stores, we continue to expand our ceramic store-within-a-store program with a special merchandising and promotions. We will open 6 additional American Olean and Marazzi combined sales service centers on the West Coast by the end of the year for a total of 16 overall. All of the combined service centers in operation are providing a broad product selection and are attracting new customers to increase our market position. We continue to grow our relationships with national and regional builders by providing the best ceramic program available with a high level of local service. The commercial sector is accelerating, with hospitality, retail and corporate expected to lead the growth through the remaining part of the year. Our innovative new collections are leading the market shift to larger sizes, planks and rectangles. We are expanding our Reveal printing technology to mosaic tiles, creating enhanced visuals that coordinate with our wall and floor tile. Our new production line in Dallas has begun operation and will satisfy the increasing demand for ceramic planks in larger sizes. We will transition some Salamanca production to the expanded Dallas facility to free up capacity to support our growing business in Mexico. Our new ceramic plant in Tennessee remains on track to start production the beginning of 2016. Across the business, we delivered productivity improvement, implemented enhanced formulations and added new equipment to improve service. We continue to find logistics and productivity improvements across our transportation system. Daltile received the Award of Excellence for ceramic for the 16th straight year in Floor Covering News, and ranked first in quality, surface and design by Floor Focus Retailer survey. Sales in Mexico are growing significantly and outperforming the market. We are gaining share as we expand the distribution of new products from our Salamanca plant by offering innovative collections that provide market-leading style and value with superior availability. We continue to expand the number of distributors and retailers supporting our brand, while growing our margins through improved mix and from our larger sizes in planks. In Russia, we outperformed the market with sales continuing to grow on a local basis. We overcame slower retail sales through growth in the new construction and DIY channel, with specialized products tailored for each of these sectors. The current Russian economic situation is impacting major consumer purchases, including flooring. The economy has slowed and is expected to be sluggish through the end of the year. For the period, sales and profitability increased on a local basis, but the 11% decline in the ruble reduced our sales and income when translated to U.S. dollars. Sales of -- of our 2013 product introductions continue to grow and have improved our product mix. Our 2014 introductions have been similarly well-received and enhance our position as the style and innovation leader in the Russian marketplace. During the period, we opened 4 new franchise retail shops and started up a new production line to support future growth. Through improved production planning, we have reduced inventories and manufacturing costs. We're continuing to improve the Russian organization by enhancing the management team and accelerating sales, manufacturing and system initiatives. In Europe, our sales and margins continue to progress due to increased sales outside of Southern Europe, as well as growth in Spain and improved mix from larger sizes and unique styling. We continue to lead the European market with ceramic wood planks and have expanded the collection with even larger sizes. During the period, we consolidated all of our wall tile production into our Spanish facility. We've committed the capital to upgrade all the floor tile lines in 2 plants in Italy by the end of 2015, with the first kiln conversion to be completed during this quarter. In the third quarter, we expect normal seasonal slowing in Europe, where our margins should continue to improve over the prior year from lower SG&A, higher productivity and better mix. Our European organization has been significantly improved over the past year with the addition of new talent, a single European sales strategy and investments in state-of-the-art equipment. We continue to streamline the organization, refine processes and improve our sales and administrative functions to reduce cost and improve efficiencies. Across our global ceramic business, we are increasing productivity and enhancing quality through best practices that improve our costs and throughputs. We are leveraging the manufacturing and product strengths of our international assets to provide differentiated products in our other markets and give us a competitive advantage. During the period, the adjusted operating income for laminate and wood segment rose 21% from acquisition synergies, productivity improvements and cost reductions. Net sales for the segment increased 6% over the prior year as reported, or 3% on a constant exchange rate, with most of the increase from the Spano acquisition, higher wood flooring sales and growth in insulation board sales. In the U.S., slower-than-anticipated store traffic reduced the segment sales in line with our other U.S. businesses. Greater participation in the new construction channel drove higher sales of wood flooring. We're successfully leveraging the Quick-Step brand with the new wood collection featuring sophisticated styling, reduced maintenance and our patented installation system. Productivity and cost initiatives are being aggressively implemented across the U.S. laminate and wood flooring manufacturing facilities. The second wood flooring price increase this year was implemented in July to cover higher U.S. wood and transportation costs. European sales on a local currency were up and flat on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year. Sales were stronger in the Nordic countries and the U.K., although softer Western European markets continue to create headwinds. Overall, our wood and LVT categories grew during the period but were impacted by slower laminate sales. By the end of July, we will complete the transition to our updated Pergo laminate products, which should improve our sales and margins due to their enhanced styling, performance, all with easier installation. The improved productivity of our Belgian facility, where we consolidated our Pergo and Unilin laminate, is reducing our manufacturing and raw material costs as expected. SG&A expenses in Europe were lowered significantly by improving administrative efficiencies. At our recently acquired wood plant in the Czech Republic, we have invested in new equipment to produce higher-value products under the Pergo and Quick-Step brands. The new wood collections from this facility will be launched in October and will expand our wood business across Europe and Russia. We will utilize some of our Malaysian wood capacity to increase sales in Australia and the Asian markets. Construction of our LVT plant in Belgium remains on-target, with new equipment being installed and tests under way. We anticipate a longer start-up period to allow more extensive testing of our new LVT processes to ensure our high quality standards. To support our future LVT capacity, we are growing sales in both the residential and commercial channels in Europe, the U.S. and Australia. Our European insulation business continued to expand in France and the Benelux region, supported by additional production in our new French facility. Our roof panel sales and margins remain under pressure, and we announced the closure of a small French plant, with production to be consolidated at other facilities. We are also improving our sales organization to maximize the sale of the products in all channels. The integration of our Unilin and Spano businesses continue to progress, with a single sales force providing a comprehensive product offering to every customer. Many initiatives to reduce costs in our board business are at various stages of completion, including the closing of 2 manufacturing facilities, closing of a production line, integrating management and administrative functions, consolidating information systems and reducing raw material costs. I'll now turn the call over to Frank, to review our financial performance for the period.
Frank H. Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales -- we had net sales of $2,048,000,000 during the quarter, which grew 4% as reported, or 3% on a constant exchange rate basis. We had growth in all segments, with stronger performance in the ceramic and laminate segments. Our gross margin was 28.1% as reported, or, excluding restructuring, 28.4%, which is up 70 basis points over last year. We had higher productivity, lower cost in acquisitions that drove this improvement. SG&A dollars were $353 million, with 17.2% of net sales. On a pro forma basis, excluding restructuring, SG&A dollars actually declined. Cost-cutting continued to improve results, allowing reinvestment back into the business. Restructuring charges for the quarter were $11 million and included $7 million in cost of goods sold and $4 million in SG&A. We estimate there will be $38 million in additional restructuring in the second half of 2014 as we continue to integrate our acquisitions. Our operating income margin was up 160 basis points to 11.4% for the quarter. Interest expense was $21 million and improved over last year due to our ratings upgrade and our entry into the commercial paper program. Recently, we announced that we will purchase $200 million of our outstanding January 2016 bonds, using commercial paper to fund the repurchase. Currently, we have $900 million of bonds at 6 1/8% coupon outstanding. We'll pay approximately $17 million in a make-whole premium during the third quarter to buy the bonds, realizing some cash savings. This will reduce interest expense by $4 million in the second half of 2014 and $11 million in 2015. Our income tax rate was 24% for the quarter and compares to 21% last year. We expect our full year tax rate to be 22%, with approximately 20% in the second half. However, timing of deductions could impact quarters differently. Earnings per share excluding charges came in at $2.21, up 20% from last year, an all-time quarterly record for Mohawk. We turn to the segments. In the carpet segment, sales were $780 million, up slightly over 1% during the quarter. We've seen growth from new products in both residential and in commercial. Our operating income excluding charges -- the operating income margin excluding charges was 8.1%, up 100 basis points compared to last year, with productivity increases supporting the higher margins. In our ceramic segment, sales were $797 million, a 5% improvement. We had growth in all regions around the world, with our largest improvement in Mexico. The Marazzi acquisition continues to benefit top line, as well as bottom line results. Operating income margin, excluding charges, in the ceramic segment was 13.4%. That's up 180 basis points due to volume, productivity and mix, which offsets start-up costs from one of our plants. In the laminate and wood segment, sales were $501 million, up 6% over last year. Sales were up 3% on a constant exchange rate basis, as the euro benefited our results. Operating income, excluding charges, was 14.3% of sales. That's up 170 basis points, with acquisitions and cost reductions driving higher profitability. In the corporate segment, we had an operating loss of $8 million and are estimating a $30 million number for the full year. If we jump to the balance sheet. Receivables ended the quarter at $1,262,000,000. Our days sales outstanding for the quarter were 52 days, and that compares favorably to last year. Inventories ended the quarter at $1,645,000,000. Our days inventory outstanding were 109 days. We were impacted by slower -- a slower rebound in demand and some larger customers adjusting inventory levels. We expect to improve our inventory turns in the second half of this year. Our fixed assets ended the quarter at $2,830,000,000 and included capital expenditures of $128 million, with depreciation and amortization of $84 million. We estimate that capital expenditures for the full year will be $550 million, primarily for capacity expansion and to continue expanding -- or assimilating our acquisitions. D&A is estimated for the full year at $350 million. And the long-term debt ended the quarter at $2.4 billion, with leverage at 2.1x debt-to-EBITDA. We expect the ratio to improve to 1.7x by the end of the fourth quarter. Jeff, I'll turn it back over to you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. During the period, we once again demonstrated our ability to deliver earnings growth through sales improvement, productivity initiatives and leveraging acquisitions. In each of our segments, we're optimizing the efficiency of our operations, the advantages of our leading market positions, the breadth of our distribution and the strength of our brands to grow our business. We anticipate that our sales will strengthen as we move through the second half of the year, supported by continued U.S. job creation and improved economic growth. We continue to take appropriate action to pass through raw material and freight increases, as required. We're improving efficiencies in manufacturing, logistics and administrative functions, and we continue to consolidate operations as needed to reduce costs and improve service. In the third quarter, we anticipate further improvement in the U.S. market, with limited growth in our -- in the European and Russian markets. With these factors, our guidance for the third quarter earnings is $2.38 to $2.47 per share, and for the full year, $8.09 to $8.25 per share, excluding any restructuring charges. We remain committed to enhancing Mohawk's results and we are optimistic about the improvement of the floor covering industry and our participation in it. We continue to bring innovation to our products and processes to expand our revenues and margins. The integration of our acquisition continues to reduce costs and improve our market position. We continue to pursue acquisition opportunities where we can leverage our knowledge, resources and capital. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first comes from the line of Robert Wetenhall from RBC Capital Markets.
Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is actually Desi filling in for Bob. Just looking at the ceramic segment. Margin performance was really excellent this quarter, 13.4%. You had previously mentioned that you were targeting an operating margin in the range of 13% to 14%, longer term. And as you integrate Marazzi and realize better productivity levels, do you think there's maybe some upside to your long-term forecast, given where the business is currently operating?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, one thing, you have to look at the annual margin, which we were talking about rather than the quarterly since we have seasonal variation through it. So we're still aiming in those ranges as we think on an annual basis.
Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then also on the SG&A line, you had mentioned the dollar value had decreased, as well as the ratio. And as we look out towards the back half of the year, are there continued -- do you continue to see cost reduction initiatives that you can take to maybe keep SG&A flattish or even a little lower in the second half?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We always have initiatives to control our cost and improve them. What we expect is the per sale will be down going forward and the dollars will be up somewhat in the prior -- for the rest of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood from Macquarie.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: You guys have done a lot of investments driving outgrowth with -- you mentioned the new tile printing, distributor expansion, other product innovations. Since you haven't had a lot of help from market growth to date, can you give us an indication of what you're expecting from the end market growth in the back half and what you saw in the quarter, particularly in the U.S.?
Frank H. Boykin: So your question is the outlook for sales as we move through the rest of the year, Michael?
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: No. I mean, I know you're going to continue to drive the outgrowth. I'm actually interested in what you think the actual markets that you're operating in will grow in the back half of the year and whether or not they were helping you in the first half or this quarter.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, we think that the U.S. market is going to improve in the second half. The question is, it can improve a little or a lot. We don't know at this moment, which is the reason we give you a range as we go through. We believe that it's going to improve from where it is. We were more optimistic about it going into the second quarter. And as we went through, it didn't rebound as much as we thought so we've modified our view of the second half slightly because of it.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: And then in terms of the expanding of the carpet distribution, I'm just curious what the impact is on your current distributor base? And what I'm ultimately getting at is why are you now able to expand the distribution? Is it from new product introduction similar to what you did in Unilin in Europe during the volatility there?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: What we've said was that we were going to expand the distribution of our high-end Karastan brand more. The high-end Karastan brand, we treat differently. We make sure that we find the right retailers who can sell better quality products, and we're expanding that base, is what we meant to say.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East from ISI Group.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: You talked a lot about the acquisition integration. If you looked at it in what inning you're in, that type of thing, where do you think you are? And as you move through the process, integrating all of this, does this fundamentally change your incremental Op margins you think you can get as you go over the next few years?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think I might have to sort of talk you through the different pieces because they're all a little different. Pergo... the Pergo integration is substantially complete at this time. With the European manufacturing is basically shut down, and now put in our plants. We went through start-up costs in getting them together as we go through. So we're manufacturing the products there. The new product line is in place so we anticipate having more productivity improvement in our old plant because it had all the different changes going on in it. In the U.S., we're also substantially complete. But we're putting new equipment in, that's being installed this period, which will enhance our capacity, as well as improve our efficiencies. Marazzi U.S., we have integrated it with the Daltile organization. Organization structures are set up and working. And basically, the big pieces, going forward, are to optimize the product alignment by plant and keep continuing to optimize the distribution of both brands through the marketplace. In Europe, we have put a new strategy in place, the organization's in place. We have been improving the costs. We have new equipment, and some of it's just going in this period and it will continue to go in one line after another because we're operating as we change, all the way through 2015. The new equipment will allow us to reduce our costs, as well as improve our mix further. Just as a comment, in our ceramic business, we're not trying at the moment to drive top line growth. The focus is on driving margins through the changes in mix and reducing the costs until we get the business performing the way we want it to. In Russia, the focus in Marazzi is just to improve the organization's strength. And we've made progress in expanding into DIY and new construction businesses, which is helping us actually increase our sales in a marketplace that's under a lot of pressure. And we continue to introduce new products. And we really have a differentiated product strategy, which is giving us higher margins in Russia than the competition and allowing us to outperform the competition. The last acquisition is the Spano acquisition, which we've already integrated. The sales, the management, the systems are all complete. At this point, we have one manufacturing line that's been closed -- one plant that's been closed, and we're in the middle of closing another plant as we speak. All the changes with the acquisitions are on track. We think they're on-plan to achieve what we want. We think there's more opportunities in the margins and the sales top line as we go forward.
Frank H. Boykin: And then Stephen, I'll just address your last -- the last part of your question regarding incremental margins. We don't expect the incremental margins that we've talked about in the past to change. It will add to the profit dollars. But that 20%, 25% and 30% margins that I gave you for the carpet, tile and laminate businesses we think are going to stay in that same ballpark.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that helps. And Jeff, if I just look at Marazzi, just listening to you talk, is it fair to say you're probably halfway through or so on that? And then the other question that I had is just on the M&A front. Are you all still in a reactive mode there? Are you now proactive? And you talked a little bit about where your debt was now. I guess, how much debt capacity do you have right now or you would be comfortable going? That type of thing.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We made huge progress, as we just talked about the acquisitions. Our balance sheet is in good position, as Frank went through the ratios before, which allows us to pursue acquisitions. I think the management is in position to take on other things, and the balance sheet surely is. We continue to assess opportunities around the world. But you don't have them until you conclude, which you never know when and how that's going to go along. Acquisitions are a core part of our long-term strategy and we believe we are highly competent in bringing them in and putting them together.
Frank H. Boykin: And with regards to how much additional debt and our leverage. As you know, in the past, what we've done is we've, as we've bought companies, we've levered up. And then as we've integrated them and generated cash, we've brought our debt and our leverage down. And that would continue to be our strategy. We're at about 2.1x debt-to-EBITDA right now, and we could go up maybe to 3x, somewhere around there.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: And we'll continue to pay off debt as we go through the year.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes.
Stephen F. East - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right. And Jeff, if I can sneak in on that, any preferences geographically or product-wise as you think about it right now?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The preferences are for a return on investment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill from Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: I guess the first question, do you think there's anything to the notion that flooring being more of a planning category and an interior category that, with the harsher winter and kind of later break to spring, that it just got kicked out? And now you're in the summer period, people are thinking outdoors. So it's really not until the fall that you get back to that remodeling push?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: If you go back over the history of our industry, it tends to be slow from about the first part of January, December because you can't get it in before Christmas. It tends to stay there until you come out. It starts picking up in February, March. And it tends to run fairly level all the way through the rest of the year down. And then the things that have impacted it lately, the economy impacts it. So I don't see a dramatic change in seasonality other than the normal things that we go through.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: I guess the question is -- and I realize it's hard to quantify, but do you feel like that normal seasonality that got kicked out, got kicked out further than 2Q and into 3Q? Or it just completely got eliminated?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In our own business, I can only answer that we're seeing the normal seasonality. It just didn't jump like we expected it to jump from our thesis in the first quarter [ph]. It still improved as we went from first quarter to second quarter, it's just that we thought that the category would have picked up more than it did.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Got you. Okay. And then the comment you had made on retail, I think that there was some tightness in inventory and maybe some weakness in traffic. Have you seen that change at all, thus far, in the third quarter?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The trends we're seeing are, as we said, is that the second quarter wasn't as good as we said, but it is better. We're anticipating the third quarter and the fourth quarter to improve from here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: The first question I had was just going back to your expectation for a little bit of strengthening in the back half in terms of year-over-year growth versus the first half. And I just wanted to get a sense if that was based on just the, perhaps, easier comps, at least, as it relates to carpet in the second half versus the second quarter? Or some bigger macro drivers or other types of drivers that you see in your business?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I guess what we evaluated -- there's a lot of things we put together in trying to estimate the future. We get input from our own people, what they're seeing. We get input back from our customers, how optimistic they are about it. We watch the trends that we're doing. And we believe we're going to see an improvement of it. We're not expecting it to jump through the ceiling, but we think it's going to improve, and we'll find out.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And I guess, also with the second quarter itself, you did note that sales were a little bit below, but you had several drivers that offset that. Just conceptually here, are we thinking, perhaps, that the delta in sales was maybe 1 or 2 points of growth that was offset by the new products and productivity and cost controls? And if that were to occur in the back half, do you think you have sufficient momentum in those offsetting drivers to continue to allow you to make your guidance?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I guess, going back to the second quarter, somewhere between 1% and 2%. We had expected to grow probably 1% to 2% more than it actually did. And we've taken that into account as we've estimated the future.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, you continue to have good margin expansion on the carpet business, despite -- first quarter was down year-over-year in terms of revenue, second quarter up only 1%, and yet, you're still showing some very nice margin improvement. I just wanted to revisit what the biggest drivers of that were. I mean, last year, I think the big driver in margin improvement was the positive mix in your residential business, with some of the new -- the products and fibers that you rolled out. As far as I understand, that's continued to a degree in residential but also expanded into commercial. And so I just wanted to get a sense if that is -- I mean, you've listed several things that have improved the margins. But if that is kind of still the bigger driver, the mix? And how to think about the impact of those drivers going forward, if they would eventually moderate or if you continue to see more in the kitty?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, first is that we spent the last few years upgrading our organizations, changing some of our strategies and -- both from a product standpoint and a sales standpoint to improve our margins, which we knew we had to do. Those things continue and haven't changed. The margins in the business, we have hundreds of productivity things going on at all points in time. We're very structured in how we identify them and execute them through the business. It improves both our quality as well as our cost in the different pieces. We have -- with the changes we've made, we put -- the majority of our people, we consolidated together in a single building so that we could communicate better. It allowed us to actually reduce the number of staff that we've had. We've become more focused on making sure that we don't do a large number of initiatives with the very -- the initiatives that have the most benefit. So we've reduced the number of activities but put the focus on ones that have higher value to the business and to our customers. All those things continue to pay off in how we go to market.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So are you saying then, Jeff, and I don't know, Frank, if you can weigh in on this as well, that at least the first half of this year in carpet, the bigger driver of improvement then, are you kind of pointing to more on the productivity front than the cost control front? Because it was my understanding that at least last year, the bigger driver was the positive mix.
Frank H. Boykin: Well, so I would say the bigger driver this year -- you're right, last year, mix was a big driver. The bigger driver this year in margin improvement is productivity improvements, cost control, both in manufacturing and in SG&A. And then mix, probably, with a little bit of headwind. We had some volume improvement that helped us in the quarter, a little bit, but volume improvement helped us in the quarter as well.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So mix is actually a little bit of a headwind this quarter?
Frank H. Boykin: A little bit, yes.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: As we grow our share in the mid to -- as we grow our business in the mid to lower end, it's going to impact the mix a little bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just following up on that last question. So if mix was a negative driver to carpet margins in the quarter, I guess what that could infer is that, overall, polyester grew faster than nylon. Is that a fair statement?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Definitely.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just making sure. I -- there was no material slowdown in polyester demand in the quarter, best you could tell then?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We are participating more aggressively in the polyester market. But with that, we still improved our margins in the total business by about 15%. The polyester market should continue to grow. We don't see the growth in the category slowing down and we are -- we have introduced products and we've invested in our manufacturing facility, and so we make it at competitive prices in the marketplace. But again, the margins in the lower price point products are typically lower-than-average, but not unusual for those price points which we've always participated in.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Understood. And then my final question, also with respect to carpet, specifically on the residential side. Did you -- best you can tell, did you gain share versus the industry in residential? And I think there may have been some benefit in rugs. I think that Shaw may have walked away from the rugs business earlier this year, so I'm sure there was some benefit to you on that. If we look at carpet specifically, how would you gauge your performance in carpet versus the residential industry?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think that we probably did a little better in the residential piece. We probably did a little worse in commercial because we were still concluding the transition that we had. And then your comment about the exit of my competitor, we really haven't gotten any benefit because they had a huge amount of inventory they had to push through the system as they exited the business.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Might that be a material growth opportunity for you over the next several quarters?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're expecting -- our rug business did improve in quarter. We're expecting it to continue improving. We have introduced more differentiated products using our raw material strategies to differentiate them in the marketplace, and it's also improving our mix. So we're assuming that -- we believe we're going to have improvement of it over the next 6 months or a year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg from UBS.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's actually Susan for David. Can you talk a little bit about the promotional environment? And given the slowdown, did you see any changes there? And with that, are you seeing that consumers are reacting any differently to them? So are they becoming any less or more effective in getting them to actually get out there and make the purchase to do the project?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There was some more promotional activity in the period as both retailers tried to drive traffic into their stores and as manufacturers tried to even out the capacities with the sales that are going on. It's hard to break it apart to tell what impact it had. You know the end result was that the industry didn't increase as much as we had hoped. It's difficult to tell what the government policies, tax changes and a lot of other things also had on the individual consumers.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of a sort of bigger picture question, your growth was really impressive despite all the sort of puts and takes that you had this quarter. And as you look further out, it's still relatively impressive given what's going on. Can you talk a little bit about the role of the U.S. and growth in the U.S. in terms of the broader picture, now that you've done all these acquisitions and you have a much broader international kind of footprint?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Oversimplified, about 65%, 70% of our business is based in the U.S., and the others, in the -- other marketplaces. Each of the markets are a little different. We're expecting the U.S. business to improve more in the near term than our European business or our Russian businesses. Our Mexican business in ceramic is doing well. As we spent the money 2 years ago or more to put in new capacity, we've changed our product lines, so it's growing at significant rates. We think these trends will be in each place. As we talk about the acquisitions, each one is a little different. The European ceramic business, we're really focused on driving margins and in changing their mix and cost structures. And that will continue over the next 1, 1.5 years. The Russian marketplace is going to be -- is suffering a little bit. And I think we're well positioned because we're positioned as the style and design leader in the marketplace. As well as owning the distribution and having over 300 franchise stores, helps us push products through the marketplace. So I think we're going to gain share. But the profitability of the business, we're going to give up a little as the market gets a little tougher. But we use that to gain share over the next 6 months, is our plan. And the real big opportunity is how much is the U.S. going to increase? And I think we have a pretty good estimate of it. It could be a little better, it could be a little worse as we go through the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl from Crdit Suisse.
Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Jeff, I think you've talked about -- mentioned the reductions in force. I'm curious where specifically that was impacting? And is this something that was contemplated as part of the overall integrations? Or is it something that you may have had on the shelf and hit the button on when the market didn't turn out to be quite as strong as you anticipated?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes to all of those. The acquisition thesis, we continue to adjust the organizations as we've put them together. And as we move through it, we continue to make adjustments in them. At the same time, we talked a minute ago about the carpet management organization, we consolidated into a single building, which was spread out over a lot them. And in doing so, we were able to reorganize it, but it also got the benefit of the last 1 or 2 years of changing systems and processes, so we actually reduced the SG&A there. We continue to look at our sales organization and make sure we're maximizing the pieces, and we constantly adjust the sales strategy in order to get the products to market. And it's in all the businesses. In the Spano acquisition in Europe, we've gone to a single sales force, where we just have 2 in each of the businesses. And we've done the same thing in other areas as we go through. We continue to challenge the methods we go to market, and we try to find better ways of controlling the costs and SG&A on an ongoing basis.
Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. And then secondly, I wanted to ask about LVT. Any update on how you're thinking about as the new capacity comes on? It seems like a lot of others are bringing on capacity more or less around the same time. Do you think the market can handle that domestically? Do you worry about increasing price competition, any thoughts there?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes to all of those. Basically, the production in the U.S. is being imported from China. So there's going to be capacity put in the U.S. and there's going to be a battle that goes on between moving it into the U.S. marketplace. Usually, local production, if it's put up in the right capacity, can compete because of its flexibility in the marketplace, and -- if you can have it at the right price. So the question is going to be with the capacity coming on, there's multiple ways of making this stuff. There are going to be different strategies of equipment. There's going to be different strategies of go-to-market. There's going to be different capabilities in style and design. And we're starting out at -- our third [ph] plant's being put up in Europe, we're going to use it to supply some of the stuff here. This European plant, by the end of the year, should be operating. And then the question's going to be, when do we put up the second one and the third one in our different regions which we participate in. While that's going on, we are importing product and selling it into all the different marketplaces. And we think we're getting ourselves positioned properly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: The first is really more focused on your U.S. or North American business. During this year, first half of this year, broadly speaking, are you seeing different performance in terms of sales momentum of higher-end price points versus lower-end price points? And then also, along with that, if you could discuss the willingness of the market to accept pricing and has there been any change relative to historical performance?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In the quality pieces, there is some improvement in the higher end of the business. And so there is some mix improvement from it. However, at the same time, the new construction of moderate homes is also growing, which tends to use lower quality product, because they're trying to get the home built for the least cost. So there's a mix thing between them as you go through -- going on. The multifamily business is doing well. It tends to be at the lower, so the average mix through it, I'm not sure, has changed dramatically. But it's because of the growth at the high end and the low end, the middle piece is what's -- hasn't rebounded as much as it should. We're expecting over time for that middle area to improve. I forgot the second part of your question.
Frank H. Boykin: The other question was price increases and market acceptance of price increases.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The marketplace never likes price increases. We are -- have put in and have executed the price increases in the different markets that we have. In the carpet segment, we've increased the prices they are in. We did not change the prices in the commodity part of the carpet business in that one. We had put in price increases in the wood business, where the wood's been going up significantly. And they've been going in. We've put in price increases in different parts of the business as required in all the different product segments. There's also a thing going on with the transportation cost. As the U.S. economy has improved, it's gotten tighter in the transportation. And so we've had to raise the cost of the transportation in all the different product categories also.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Great. And just to be clear, on that commodity portion of the carpet, at least the pricing degradation that we saw earlier this year, you've seen stabilization in pricing there. Is that correct?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The commodity business has always been, and continues to be, low differentiated products, easy to move. And there's always price pressure on the commodity business, when business doesn't reach the levels that you want. No different than anything, and it tends to be in spot deals as you go around. And it's the same thing for all our product categories.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: And along that line, there's -- you've added some capacity. One of your competitors is continuing to add a bit more capacity on that lower end. How does that, when you think about strategically over the next 12 to 24-plus months, how does that change your thinking about pricing in that commodity portion of the business? And do you see it as a meaningful threat or is it just part of managing your day-to-day business as you come off of a deep construction downturn?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There is new capacity going into the industry by multiple players. It's been going in over -- sometime over the last couple of years. It's not a new phenomenon. At the same time, all the capacity isn't new to the industry because in some cases, there are other product types that the capacity is going out of the marketplace, creating some needs to offset it as the market changes in customer desires as you go through. At the same time, I think the industry and we are expecting improvement in the volume of the industry, which is going to need more raw materials to support it. Over the last 5 years, there used to be significant amounts of nylon staple in the marketplace, which just about disappeared. There used to be polyester staple, which has declined significantly, almost to 0. And the polypropylene category has also declined. So there's multiple things happening as the capacity is going in to satisfy it.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then finally, thank you for giving color on restructuring for the back half of this year. How should we think about restructuring charges as we enter into 2015, I assumed it will largely be behind you?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't have those in front of me, where they are. Do you know...
Frank H. Boykin: We don't have those numbers here in front of us. There will be some more restructuring that Jeff talked a little bit about, continuing through 2015 on some of the work that we're doing. So there will be some more charges tomorrow -- or next year.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Will it be at lower magnitude, just generally speaking, in 2015 versus 2014?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: They should be.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, they should be but let me, before I weigh in, look at the numbers on that.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We finish those. We go through our plan in the next quarter or so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim from Barclays.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wanted to talk to you a little bit about the synergies and the productivity initiatives that have spun out of your -- acquisitions that you've made. And in particular, what I'm intrigued by is some commentary about that -- from you that the initiatives and the integration has gone on track and yet, you've upped your restructuring guidance, it looks like about $20 million for the back half of the year. And you said that you've incorporated a more conservative outlook because you didn't get the bounce-back from weather that you had thought and yet, your guidance didn't change. So you put all of that stuff into the hopper. And what it seems to suggest to me is that the overall basket of opportunity of savings and benefits from these acquisitions is maybe bigger today than -- as we look out, than maybe what we had [Audio Gap] And I was curious if you could sort of frame your commentary around that. Have you encountered, as you've gotten deeper into these integrations, more things that have sort of reinforced the value of these acquisitions in your mind?
Frank H. Boykin: So Stephen, I would say, the increase in restructuring that you saw in the second half is really some activities that we maybe pulled out of next year and put into this year in terms of restructuring for these acquisitions. It really doesn't change in terms of our savings, synergies et cetera that we thought we would have at the beginning of the process and where we are right now. If you looked at the total number, I'd say the total hasn't changed, the parts and pieces probably have. We never end up with what we start out thinking. But we -- I would say that in terms of the total numbers that we talked about a year ago that those haven't changed.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So what I'm hearing you say, then, is that since you've upped your restructuring charge guidance for the back half of the year and since the environment overall has weakened a little bit, you didn't get the snap back from weather and yet your guidance remains the same. Really, what it sounds like is we should be thinking that you are pulling -- you've pulled some earnings out of next year and into this year. Is that what I'm hearing?
Frank H. Boykin: No. No, no, we didn't do that. We didn't pull earnings out of next year and put them into this year. We're just -- we're moving more quickly on some of the activities.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's fine. The other question that I had relates to your wood flooring. You talked a fair amount about it, about price increases going in to offset the material cost inflation, et cetera. I was curious if you could talk a little bit about the difference between the solid and the engineered wood flooring. Generally, if there's a significant difference in what has been the dynamics that have been occurring between those 2, in your view. And if you can help us understand to what degree your U.S. wood flooring business relates or has synergies with -- to your European flooring business.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Let's see. The European and U.S. flooring businesses, I mean, other than having best practices that you'd put between them, I mean, it's not anything alike. In the European business, we have a small market share. We're focused on the engineered wood. We've been making it in Malaysia and using the Malaysian plant to satisfy the European market, the Asian market and the Australian market. We have purchased a new plant that will make products similar in Eastern Europe and that's going to enable us to expand the business. But we still own very limited share and it's a niche position, and we tend to focus on the mid- to high-end part and we're using our brand to create a premium position within it. In the U.S. business, we have a different strategy, which is made up of an engineered business as well as a solid business. We participate in the breadth of the marketplace in both categories from high to low. And the marketplace is significantly different than it is in Europe.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And the trends that you've seen in the U.S. between engineered and solid, is there anything important to talk about there?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The -- our business is increasing in both. The solid business tends to be a higher percentage in the new construction business. The raw material costs affect the solid business more. So what happens is you've had a spread of the prices between similar products, and solid and engineered has gotten larger and so it costs more. Over time, it should impact the market share of those because you have to pay a higher price for a similar product as you go through. We think the wood business is -- in flooring, is perceived as one of the aspirational purchases. We think it's got a nice position within the marketplace. However, you're also seeing various alternatives in the ceramic business. The fastest-growing part of it is ceramic planks that look like wood, and it's growing dramatically as you go through. So that's a relative new competitor to it. You have LVT in a marketplace that's getting bigger. It's becoming a competitor to people who want that visual look. And then you have laminate that's been there for a long period of time. So there's a lot of options that are going to play out over the next few years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eli Hackel from Goldman Sachs.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Jeff, I know you talked a little bit before about expecting the U.S. to improve. Maybe just from a high level, what's your view, just broadly, on the U.S. consumer? It's sort of an open-ended question, but if you could talk about high-end consumer versus low-end or however you'd want to characterize it. Just curious sort of your top-down view of what the U.S. consumer looks like?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I guess we're surprised from our category that there hasn't been a larger rebound in the remodeling business. We would have thought as the -- historically, as the consumer gets more confident, they start spending more money on their home. And we just haven't seen the rebound because it -- we have seen it, but not to the extent that we would have. The new home business, we're all looking at the same numbers. And I guess we were surprised that the new home sales, the building, relative to what it was, we thought it would be higher than it is. And the question is, is it a momentary thing or is it going to reverse it? The one thing we're sure of is the long-term needs for new homes is much higher than it is today and, at some point, it's going to have to equalize. Another part of it is the young adults that are coming into the marketplace, they have this overhang of debt that earlier generations didn't have from their education and it may be causing them to postpone what they did into a future point. And then overlaying on top of it is a lot of young people that have gone through this recession and you don't really understand how it's going to change what they purchase and now they act in the future. So there's a lot of variables going on and we'll all get to see how they play out.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just one follow-up, Frank. What's the impact of currency in your guidance for the second half of the year?
Frank H. Boykin: I don't have that here in front of me, Eli. Let me get it to you after the call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland research.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Two things. First of all, the stepped up CapEx -- and I think it stepped up last year and it's stepping up significantly again this year. Can you just talk a little bit about how you think about the payback within that and the impact on returns from those efforts.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Absolutely. One part is the payback has to do with the acquisitions. Upgrading those and integrating them into the business is a portion of it. And then the second piece is that we're -- some of our categories, we're anticipating longer-term growth. And so we're investing in new piece -- new equipment to satisfy that, such as the new plant in Tennessee we're putting up. We've put new lines in Georgia. We've put a new ceramic line in Russia. And so part of it's getting -- to have enough capacity and supply the demand that we see. And then the last part of it is all around taking existing equipment and replacing it with new technology that's better than the old technology, which all gives payback. The paybacks could be anywhere from 2 years to 5 years, depending upon which category it is and what it is. In addition, we have -- like going into the -- LVT is a new business. So that's about $50 million that's going into it this year to get -- to go on a new product category.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: The benefit from this, when you look back a couple of years from now, is this a meaningful benefit in terms of incremental revenues and incremental opportunities on margin? Or is this things you have to do to sustain where you are?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're expecting them to have a positive impact. Part of the reason the margins are growing this year as you see them is the investments we made last year and the year before.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, that's helpful. And then the second question just relates to how market share is evolving in flooring. And you spoke to this a little bit with engineered floors. But as you look at the carpet business and your laminate business relative to what's gone on with engineered and with LVT, how do you think about how the landscape is changing with your portfolio and its market position relative to where the market's evolving?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: If you look over the entire flooring category, my expectation is that flooring will grow faster than GDP over the next couple of years. In those pieces, as you look at the segment, I would believe that ceramic would be higher than the average. I have laminate and carpet being lower than the average. LVT is a new category, so it's coming from a low base. So it should continue growing because the base is relatively low. And then wood, you have to -- wood depends a little bit on price versus unit. There's been a huge inflation in wood due to the raw materials. So a large part of the wood growth is in price inflation, so if you take that out, I would guess it would be somewhere in the middle.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: And those are probably similar answers, except for LVT, to the last couple of years. Is the intensity of any of those materially different?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think the trend is just continuing as they've been.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: I guess, first of all, in the commercial business. You talked about order growth, both in carpet and ceramic. Is there any chance to getting you to quantify that order growth heading into the second half?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: No.
Frank H. Boykin: We don't give that out.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Is the commercial business kind of where you want it to be as a percentage or as a proportion of your overall enterprise today?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We don't really look at it as a percent of the enterprise. What we look at is how we'd maximize each channel that we're in. And we don't have a limitation that says this one needs to be X versus the other one.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: So as you stack up those priorities and you look the marginal efficiency of investment in each, does current -- does the commercial business, how does it compare versus residential in terms of incremental investment?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Incremental investment. A large part of the -- I have to answer it 2 ways. In some cases, a large part of the assets can be utilized in either/or and then some of the assets are unique to commercial because in some cases there are some differences. So like the plant we're getting ready to put up in Tennessee, some of those assets will be focused on driving commercial business, which is made out of a different body formula than the other so it has some different pieces in them. In some cases, there's some cuts in [ph] technologies that are different but then when you move away from that, there's a huge part of the asset that can flip between either/or as the demand is needed.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Maybe I can take that up with you offline. And the follow-up question I had was really back to the conversation around LVT. And it just seems as though this quarter, you saw strength in LVT, your laminate business was down. As we talked to channel contacts, it seems like that's happening across the industry, where laminate is becoming a bit of a victim for growth in LVT as a substitution effect plays out. I guess, just longer term, do you feel you can grow your LVT business fast enough to offset any potential deterioration in laminate from that substitution?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: They're not all substitutable. If you look at the average price of laminate versus the average price of LVT, they're really at 2 different price points. LVT is much more expensive. LVT also has a -- probably a large portion of it is going to end up in the commercial business, which a very limited portion of laminate ends up in the commercial business as we go through. So they're not exactly -- the products aren't substitutable, one for the other. I think that LVT is going to take and impact a little bit of a lot of things. I think it's going to impact laminate -- the higher-end laminate piece somewhat. It's going to impact some carpet in some instances where it's substituted for. It may end up as a piece for ceramic but again, the value proposition in each one of these things are different. But if you just look at the total market, I think it's going to take bits and pieces from all of them, including wood.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh from Stifel.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Just real quick, because this is dragging. Russia, I haven't done my channel checks yet, but what are you thinking about second half of the year there? What are you assuming? Are you assuming negative sales and/or profits or continued sales and profits? And any way to think about the risk or exposure there if the recession really does hit?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're thinking that the Russian economy is going to slow further, that the ceramic business is going to decline. That we're going to attempt to take market share in it, and our percentage margins will go down as we do that.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: And so that would translate to an overall profit number second half year-over-year in Russia, flat, negative?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think that we'd probably end up, on a margin piece, maybe flat, given that we're trying to push that up. And then the translation, your guess is as good as mine, I have no idea where the ruble is going to go.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kenneth Zener from KeyBanc.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: You touched -- you mentioned the ABI index which is -- well, it can be a very vague indicator for demand. Can you give us a little flavor for what you're seeing in the domestic commercial market, which I believe for you guys, obviously, in the tile piece there is newbuild [ph] the carpet, specifically, is more retrofit. So is it that you're seeing growth because you're gaining share, which it certainly sounds like given your product innovation? And could you also give us a sense of what you're seeing in the end market and how much that's driven by the products you're replacing being just worn out? Is it style, discretionary purchase? Just give us a little feel for that commercial channel, please.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're in the commercial -- when we talk about commercial, I have a ceramic business and a carpet business that are all going into the channels in different ways. They tend to go into different places. My ceramic business has been increasing. We have a competitive advantage with the breadth of our offering and thesis as we go through our styling and design. And we've been growing that relative to the marketplace. We believe we can continue growing it. We have some advantages of owning higher ceramic that makes unique things in Italy and in China, that we bring in to support that as we go through to give a much broader offering. The carpet business, we have been lagging as we've changed our entire product line to go through and have a different raw material strategy within it. We think we're at the end of it and we're expecting our business to grow in it. As we look forward, the inputs we're getting back and what we're seeing, we're hopeful that there will be an improvement in it going forward. But again, our view forward is still limited.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just to finish off, you talked about improvement a lot in this call in the second half of the year. Are you seeing any improvement here in July, as carpet or any of the business orders pick up from the trend you saw in the second?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We have -- in the second quarter, we have 2 things. One is, we started out that we thought -- we had a more optimistic view of what was going to occur, which didn't. On the other hand, it did improve seasonality and continues to improve seasonality-wise. It's hard to read the pieces because there's a lot of -- from week-to-week, it's not a straight line and it makes it harder to read on a short-term basis. The indications we have, we believe that ours will be better.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Presenters, I turn the call back to you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We appreciate you joining us. We think we have a strong management team and the right strategy to run our business for the long term. And we are optimistic that the second half will be better and continue to be that way. We appreciate you joining us. Have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Executive:  Frank H. Boykin  Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analyst: Michael Dahl  Credit Suisse Ken Zener  KeyBanc Capital Markets Stephen Kim  Barclays Capital, Inc. Dennis McGill  Zelman & Associates John A. Baugh  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Stephen East  ISI Group Robert Wetenhall  RBC Capital Markets LLC Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey David MacGregor  Longbow Research Eli C. Hackel  Goldman Sachs & Co. Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shairah, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone for the First Quarter 2014 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instruction) Thank you. Mr. Frank Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank H. Boykin: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries Quarterly Investor Conference Call. Well update you on the companys progress during the first quarter of 2014 and provide guidance for the second quarter and the full year. I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website mohawkind.com for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. Ill now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawks Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. During the quarter, our earnings per share were $1.11 as reported, or $1.23 excluding unusual charges, an increase of 41% over adjusted first quarter 2013 results. Our adjusted operating income increased 47% as productivity initiatives drove higher earnings across divisions and our operational improvements gained traction in our acquisitions. For the period, our sales were up 22% favorably impacted by our acquisitions. In addition, the first quarter had one less shipping day compared to the prior year, which equates to approximately 1.5% of net sales. As we ended the first quarter, we began seeing the greatest improvement in our U.S. domestic sales in the Midwest, Mid-Atlantic and Northeast regions, which were hardest hit by winter storms during the first quarter. First quarter earnings were higher than we expected due to our acquisitions, improved productivity, results outside North America, and lower taxes, although the severe winter weather in the U.S. impacted sales. During the period, we continued making progress in our acquisitions, including enhancing our organizational structures, sales strategies, product offerings, and productivity and manufacturing improvements. We expect to make significant progress on our acquisition initiatives throughout the coming year. During 2014, we plan to invest $500 million in new capital expenditures, the highest amount in our companys history and various projects to support growth and margin expansion, including expanding carpet, fiber and yarn capacity, increasing tile capacity around the world, and building an LVT plant. In the U.S., we expect the economy will improve from a sluggish first quarter with GDP expanding between 2.5% and 3% for the year. Harvards Joint Center for Housing study expects improving residential remodeling as homeowners upgrade properties after years of deferred investments. The National Association of Homebuilders continues to project increases in new construction  new home construction. And the National Association of Realtors is anticipating a rebound in home sales for the remainder of the year after severe weather reduced the first quarter results. The U.S. Consensus Bureau forecast expanding non-residential construction during 2014 with hospitality and office channels outpacing overall commercial growth. In other markets, the Mexican economy is showing some positive signs with consumer confidence improving in March and inflation dropping. In April, the International Monetary Fund raised its 2014 growth estimates for the euro zone as recovery gains traction in some of the larger economies, after several years of postponing purchases of both residential and commercial flooring and upside exists in Europe when the recovery accelerates. In Russia, the economy is expected to slow to little to no growth this year, but the weaker ruble should reduce the importation of ceramic and improve demand for locally manufactured tile. During the quarter, the carpet segment adjusted operating margins rose 60 basis points to 5.1% as a result of productivity improvement, cost reductions, and improved pricing. Net sales were down 3%, as reported, or off 1.5% adjusted for one less shipping day in the period. Our residential business outperformed our other categories. We saw marked improvement in our daily sales rate in the latter part of the quarter and we anticipate our second quarter top line growth improving in the Midwest, Mid-Atlantic and Northeast regions as they recover from the harsh winter. Presently, retailers are reporting improved traffic as they implemented more aggressive marketing to drive sales. We continue to reduce our cost in both our operations and administrative structures to align staffing with improvements weve made in our systems and processes. In residential, our UltraSoft products continue to grow and capture a greater share of the premium carpet market. We anticipate continued success with these products this year as consumers purchase higher quality products when they remodel their homes. We are expanding the number of retail stores selling our premium Karastan carpets to broaden the distribution of the brand. Our new Continuum products may drop to 100% recycled polyester are gaining momentum in both the value added and promotional price points. The segmentation of our residential salesforce into two focus groups, retail and builder multifamily, is enhancing our penetration into each of these channels. Mohawks SmartStrand Silk collection again this year received the dealer recognition for the best carpet introduction and for the best display system that showcases our comprehensive offering and attributes of our premium SmartStrand carpets. Our commercial business continues to transition to our new Duracolor performance fibers, which provides greater value and improved styling. Our introductions from last year are now among our best selling products and improve our efficiencies and margins. We updated our Quickship program in carpet tile to maximize our sales and enhance our service and efficiencies. We are expanding our luxury vinyl tile offering to satisfy commercial, as well as residential requirements in anticipation of our new manufacturing capabilities. We are also added a new resilient sales specialist, as well as turnkey program to offer complete projects including installation. We continue to increase our extrusion and yarn capacity to support our expanding Continuum polyester with state-of-the-art manufacturing technologies that maximize our efficiencies. We have enhanced our service in quality levels in both residential and commercial products through better planning, inventory management and process controls. Numerous productivity projects including operational enhancements, reengineered materials and capital investment are generating significant savings. This month, we announced a price increase of 2% to 4% for carpet to offset inflation in material, energy and freight. We have included the impact of carpet pricing in materials into our guidance. During the period, our ceramic segments adjusted operating margins grew 160 basis points to 9%, as a result of higher volumes efficiency games and improved mix. Net sales rose 69% compared to the prior year primarily due to the Marazzi acquisition, which delivered particularly strong results in Russia, as well as legacy sales growth in North America. In the U.S. sales in Midwest, Mid-Atlantic and Northeast were impacted by the same extreme weather conditions during the period similar to our carpet segment. The segments U.S. performance improved in the later part of the quarter and continues to expand in the beginning of the second period. Our new U.S. organization is delivering improved results. We are expanding the distribution of our combined American Olean and Marazzi collections by providing distributors a more comprehensive offering. We are on track to implement 14 combined American Olean Marazzi service centers in areas where we are not supported by independent distributors this year. Our larger sizes rectangles and longer planks are expanding our style and design and enhancing our market position. The introduction of new collections produced in our European, Chinese, and Mexican plants are further improving our U.S. offering and margins by replacing other products that we have previously purchased. We are expanding our ceramic shop within a shop merchandising concept with flooring retailers. We anticipate having 200 showrooms activated by the end of this year. As new home construction continuous to expand, increasing our position with regional builders and adding new fashionable collections that will improve their product mix. In the commercial channel, increased new construction remodeling are improving our performance. For the 10 consecutive year, we received the dealer award for best ceramic product in North Americas largest flooring trade show. Efficiencies gain through manufacturing and distribution process improvements, labor productivity initiatives and reengineered materials in U.S. will further improve our margins. Our Dallas Ceramic manufacturing expansion should be completed by the third quarter adding about 50 million square feet of capacity with capability to manufacture products up to 48 inches long in the U.S. During the period, we announced construction of a new ceramic plant in Tennessee, which is expected to start up production by the end of 2015. The plant will manufacture premium commercial and residential products, which we have historically imported. We have begun to realign our U.S. facilities by product type to reduce changeovers and improve efficiencies. We expect the realignment to take over a year to fully complete. Our sales in Mexico continue to increase as we broaden our ceramic product line and distribution. Our expanded product offering is being well received and our margins growing, but improved product mix. Manufacturing and distribution efficiencies are reducing our costs and additional Reveal printing investments are creating higher value products for the market. We have made significant progress in restructuring our ceramic business in Europe by introducing new sales strategies improving our product mix and reducing our costs. In the first quarter, the business increased its profitability at the execution of our strategies drove improved results on the plant floor, as well as the market place. Our margins have expanded as we upgraded our product mix with larger sizes, broader wood collections and higher value commercial products. Our wood tile manufacturing consolidation in Spain, our wall tile manufacturing consolidation in Spain has been completed and our investments to enhance our European glazed porcelain styling and efficiencies are underway. We continue to increase sales of our products outside Northern Europe and markets that are growing faster. To improve efficiencies and effectiveness of our sales force, we introduced CRM technology across the business in Europe. Our SG&A costs are declining as we streamline our organization and more effectively market our products. We have improved working capital management with increased inventory turns and better management of receivables. On a local basis, our ceramic business in Russia grew significantly in both revenues and operating income for the period with higher volumes and improved mix from our collections we introduced last year despite a slowing economy and industry. Our results were negatively affected by currency as the ruble weakened significantly and impacted both our raw material costs, as well as our financial translations. Our Russian business just introduced the largest new product collection in its history and its enthusiastic reception has reinforced our market leading design position. During the quarter, we completed to startup of a new porcelain production line to meet growing demand. We have increased our logistics efficiencies, reducing costs and enhancing service to our customer. We announced a price increase in Russia which should be executed in the second half of the year to offset inflation and the impact of currency on our raw materials. We continue to improve productivity and conversion cost across worldwide ceramic operations. We are reengineering body composition and manufacturing processes to lower our cost structures. We are also investing in new capacity to increase our production of rapidly growing ceramic wood planks in all markets. During the period, adjusted operating margins for the laminate and wood segment rose 110 basis points over the prior year to 11.5% with productivity initiatives acquisitions synergies and price increases partially offset by higher wood cost. Net sales in the segment increased 16% over the prior year reported or 13% on a currency and exchange rate with most of the increase in this final acquisition higher volume in wood flooring and growth in insulation boards. In the U.S. during the period weather reduced segment result like our other businesses as customers reduced inventory in response to slower store traffic and consumers differing flooring purchases. Our new Reclaimed laminate was voted the best collection by North American dealers at the market. During the period with again shipping our first natural wood collection by Quick-Step creating a brand extension with improved styling, maintenance and installation. We implemented flooring price increases and freight increases in March to offset rising wood costs and transportation expense. We have further announced price increases in April to cover increasing wood costs again. Our European net sales on a constant exchange rate were up slightly compared to the prior year from warmer weather and some economic improvement. We are completing the rollout of our updated Pergo laminate offering with sophisticated designs, performance features and installation. The Pergo product transition should be complete in the second quarter and should enhance our sales and market position. To support our laminate growth in Russia, we are implementing strategies to expand our DIY business and address opportunities in other distribution channels. We are also launching new laminate products in Europe to participate in the commercial channel using the Pergo brand. We are leveraging the strength of our Pergo and Quick-Step brands and our wood offerings in Europe, and have begun investment in our new wood plant in the Czech Republic to produce our existing products. This facility will extend the reach of our wood business in Europe and Russia. It will also allow our Malaysian wood plant, which has been running at full capacity to expand sales in Australia and Asia. Construction of our European LVT plant is on schedule with production slated to begin in the fourth quarter of this year. We are expanding our LVT sales in Europe and the U.S. to support this new production capacity. Our European insulation business expanded significantly in the Benelux region and our new French facility is driving sales growth in that market. Our roof panel business remains soft and to improve our results, we continue to decrease our manufacturing and SG&A costs. We continue to make progress as planned with the integration of our Unilin and Spano board businesses. We have realized synergies, including the consolidation of production lines and sales organizations, as well as lower material and energy costs. During the second half of the year, we expect to integrate the information systems, which will further enhance the organization. Ill now turn the call over to Frank to review our financial performance for the period.
Frank H. Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $1.813 billion, up 22% from last year, or 1% on a pro forma basis. This year had one less day in the quarter as compared to last year, which equates to 1.5% of sales. Sales were impacted more than expected as difficult weather conditions continued through much of the quarter. Our gross margin was 26.5% as reported. Excluding restructuring, it was 26.9%, up 130 basis points. Productivity initiatives were the biggest driver with some benefit from volume in ceramic. SG&A dollars were $351 million or 19.3% of sales. Excluding restructuring, SG&A was 19% of sales, a 10 basis point decrease over last year. Our businesses continued to exercise strong control over spending. On a pro forma basis, our SG&A dollars are about flat. Restructuring charges for the quarter were $12 million and included $2 million in ceramic and $10 million in the laminate and wood segment with 50% of this total included in cost of goods sold and the remaining amount in SG&A. We estimate $20 million in additional restructuring in 2014 as we continue to integrate our acquisitions. Our operating income margin was 7.9% of sales. This represents growth of 140 basis points resulting from increased productivity, cost control and some volume improvement. Our interest expense was $22 million. It increased over last year due to financing of the acquisitions in 2013. We estimate fiscal year 2014 interest to be $85 million, which includes the impact of our new commercial paper program. Our income tax rate was 22% for the quarter, which was less than anticipated due to timing of certain items. We still expect the full-year rate up 22%, but anticipate the second quarter and the third quarter to be higher and the fourth quarter to be lower by 200 to 300 basis points. However, timing could impact quarters different than expected due to complexity of our tax structure and our geographic footprint. Our earnings per share excluding charges was $1.23. This is up 41% from last year. We move to the segments, in the carpet segment, our sales were $675 million, down 3% from last year. Weather impacted shipments more than anticipated, but we are expecting more normalized trends in the future. Our operating income margin was 5.1%. This is up 60 basis points as our carpet business continues to improve productivity. In the ceramic segment, sales were $695 million, an increase of 69% over last year. This includes Marazzi sales of $272 million with the Marazzi acquisition driving most of the growth this quarter. On a pro forma constant exchange basis, sales were up 3% with all three regions increasing. Our U.S. business experienced slower growth than expected with bad weather in the quarter. Our operating income margin excluding charges was 9%. This is up 160 basis points with increased productivity and some volume growth driving the improvement. Our laminate and wood segment sales were $468 million, an increase of 16% over last year. This was primarily impacted by the Spano acquisition, which had first quarter sales of $42 million this year. Sales were up approximately 2% on a pro forma constant exchange rate basis for this segment. Both our European and U.S. businesses were up with the U.S. impacted by weather. Our operating margin, excluding charges, was 11.5%, up 110 basis points with the Pergo and Spano synergies and productivity improvements driving the increase. In the corporate elimination segment, our operating loss was $8 million and we are estimating $30 million for the full year. If we jump to the balance sheet, receivables ended the quarter at $1.175 billion. This includes $334 million from acquisitions, which was not in last years numbers, and equates to a DSO of 51 days. Our inventories ended the quarter at $1.632 billion. This includes $268 million from acquisitions, which were not included in last years numbers. Our inventory days at the end of the quarter were 116 days. Fixed assets were $2.745 billion and included total capital expenditures of $122 million for the quarter with depreciation and amortization of $81 million. We estimate capital expenditures for the full year of $500 million primarily for capacity expansion as our U.S. economy expands and we assimilate our acquisitions. Our 2014 full year D&A is estimated at $350 million. Long-term debt ended the quarter at $2.4 billion. Our leverage at 2.3 times debt to EBITDA was impacted as our seasonal working capital built up. We expect our ratio to improve to 1.7 times by the end of the fourth quarter of 2014. Jeff, Ill turn the call back over to you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum:  Thank you, Frank. Our management team is executing strategic initiatives to maximize our acquisitions and implementing best practices in process improvement to enhance our legacy business. Although the pace of economic improvement varies across our markets, we are driving innovation, operational excellence and sales growth to optimize our results. In each of our businesses, we have many local advantages, including leading market position, highly recognized brands, diverse distribution and efficient manufacturing that position our business for growth in each market as it improves. Although, the weather in the first quarter impacted our U.S. business, order and shipments began improving as the period ended. Our non-U.S. growth was higher in the first period due to warmer weather in Europe than last year and better performance of our Russian product introductions. We are implementing product and freight increases as required to offset inflation across the business. In the second quarter, we anticipate an improvement in the U.S. resulting in a sales increase of 5% to 6% for the total company. With these factors, our guidance for the second quarter earnings is $2.14 to $2.23 per share and for the full year $8 to $8.30 per share, excluding any restructuring charges. We remain positive about both our strategies to enhance Mohawk results and overall outlook for the floor covering industry this year. We are planning to increase capital investments across the enterprise to support the introduction of innovative products, increased capacity to sustain our growth, and drive productivity, efficiency and cost improvement. We remain focused on increasing shareholder value by driving our top line growth and improving our bottom line. We will now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with the JPMorgan. Mr. Rehaut your line is open. Please check your line to see if your line is muted first. Question withdrawn. Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg with UBS. 
Unidentified Analyst: My name is actually Susan for David. You made mention to the fact that you have seen some improved traffic since the weather has turned, but that some of this is coming off of some increased promotional activity that you are doing. Can you just give us a little bit more color around the magnitude of the promotions that you are offering and maybe how they are working? Are you seeing people more inclined to move up in terms of price points as a result or what you are seeing?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think what Ive said was we were seeing our customers doing more activity to get people in their stores. Their business was down, so they became more aggressive in attracting people as the weather got better. So our promotional activity really hasnt changed dramatically from what weve been doing. If you look at it again, the regions that were most impacted by the weather experienced significantly slower sales during the first part of the year. The trends of our bookings were increasing significantly in the second half of March and coming into in April. And again like I said, to give you a better view of it, we are expecting the total sales improvement in total company to be about 5% to 6% in the second quarter.
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you. And then in terms of your uses of cash, I know that you expect to spend a record level in terms of capital expenditures this year. How do you think about debt paydown and maybe potential other uses that could come up?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Our balance sheet is in good shape. Our debt related to our cash flow has been improving. We have capabilities of increasing our debt significantly. The capital investments we think are good investments and good returns to maximize our business over time. So we think we are in good shape, and we still have a balance sheet that we can go do additional acquisitions and more investments where we please.
Frank H. Boykin:  So our focus is probably going to be in terms of capital allocation and continuing to invest in the business with capital expenditures, looking for strategic M&A opportunities, and thats going to be the focus and paying down debt on capital allocation.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Michael Dahl with Credit Suisse.
Michael Dahl  Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks. I wanted to follow-up on the question about promotional activity and appreciate that its not you driving it, but at the same time you are trying to push through pricing across channels. So can you talk about whether you are seeing that impact your ability to push price as your customers are trying to do more to drive traffic into their stores?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We have a lot of different businesses with a lot of different pricing actions going on. The actions in all the businesses are trying to recover the inflation thats going on? They are all at different implementation parts. Some of them have been recently implemented, other ones wont be implemented for a month or two as we go through. Some of them have just been recently announced. So they are all in process. We have to, as always, react to the marketplaces needs and what competition does. And as far as we can see at this point, we believe we are going to be able to recover the inflation thats going on in most of our markets.
Michael Dahl  Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks. And as a follow-up, I guess, on carpet specifically, it seems like if we take into account the pricing thats been put into place and granted this was a tough quarter with the weather, but it seems like square footage is still down in that business. Can you give us a sense of how you are thinking about that and how you are seeing the market from a  progressing from a square footage basis? Thanks.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum:  The industry in the first quarter was down with negative units. It was impacted by the weather and everything else. Our anticipation for the rest of the year is that the units turn positive somewhere in range of maybe 3% could be more or less.
Michael Dahl  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zener with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Ken Zener  KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Good morning.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbau:  Good morning.
Frank H. Boykin: Good morning.
Ken Zener  KeyBanc Capital Markets: I wonder  you gave the sales guidance for the second quarter, which I appreciate that. One of the things I think investors are struggling with is kind of the  you guys obvio1usly have a lot of integration benefits that you are accruing, but if one looks at the end markets domestically, I think generally some categories weve seen sharp bounce back. So there wasnt activity in January, February and parts of March that snapped back. And your 6% guidance kind of gives a steady flow. Did you see a lot of variance within your domestic businesses? So tile, for example, at the DIY retail as opposed to tile in your stores going to construction. And could you maybe give a comment around that to give a little more granularity in terms of how the weather impacted your products in different channels?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I dont know if I will be able to give you anymore data, I can give you some direction of where it is. First is, our different product categories have different amounts of growth. So the ceramic business in the U.S. is growing faster than carpet business and the laminate business, so it starts at a higher growth. They relatively though, they all decreased approximately the same amount with the weather. As you look in the channel, all of these businesses are having increases in the new construction channel as the new construction continues to increase. Some of the quarterly or monthly variation you see, it gets averaged out by the time they order the products. And so we dont see as much month-to-month variation as you see in the stark numbers, we tend to trend six to nine even twelve months behind those as they go through. We are seeing and anticipate further improvement in the remodeling business. We believe that as the economy gets better, we will see more people moving in it. And in the remodeling part, people tend to use higher value products so the better it gets, the better our mix gets as we go forward. 
Ken Zener  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thank you. And then I guess in the Unilin, I did see there was, relative to Pergo, the retail side, I saw that Unilin has some infringement cases. Could you comment on perhaps how you are doing share wise in Unilin Pergo and then I believe, in Columbia, the hardwood, could you comment on pricing and margins and how effective youve been at holding market share? Thank you. 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum:  The first question, I think it was about laminate. The laminate business is growing slower than the flooring industry as a whole. We are mainly focused on the medium to high-end part of the business in our markets. We intend to have limited participation on the lower end, because we focus on creating higher value products with more differentiation in it. I think that within our markets that we focus on, that our share is stable or growing slightly as we go forward and the other part of the question? And the wood business, our wood business, the volumes are going up. The profitability has been impacted by the significant rising cost in wood. We had anticipated that they would peak right now. They still kept rising. With that, weve raised prices twice in the first half of this year, the first was for 5% and its been executed. And the second is around 10% is in the process of being executed. Our profitability in the division has improved as the volume has gone up and helped us leverage the cost of our assets across the business.
Ken Zener  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Barclays.
Stephen Kim  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks very much, guys, strong quarter. I wanted to ask you about how things progressed in terms of the productivity through the quarter. Obviously, you performed very well in a tough environment. And I was curious as to whether or not there was anything that sort of landed in the  lets say the March timeframe when you were observing the results coming in that surprised you positively, particularly whether there was maybe anything you kind of thought might may materialize as a benefit in 2Q but actually wound up in 1Q. Thanks.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I dont think that there was any unusual things. Frank, why dont you go through the taxes because I think that
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, I think there was one positive surprise outside of the operations though, as you know, Stephen. The tax rate we estimated to be 24% and actually it came in at 22%. And as I said earlier, as I was going through my presentation, we still expect the full-year rate to be 22% with Q2 and Q3 to be higher and Q4 to be lower than that. But the tax rate is kind of hard by quarter to estimate because timing of different things could impact us and particularly more difficult was our complexity has grown and our geographic footprint has expanded. And thats probably the thing that was the biggest surprise in the quarter.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Do you have the impact of taxes in the first quarter?
Frank H. Boykin: That was about $0.04 a share from 22% to 24%.
Stephen Kim  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thats great. And then you have indicated that in the second quarter and even at the very, very end of the first quarter, you began to see a bit of a snapback in recovery and volumes. And we talked about weather impact. Normally we think of that sort of being additive to what your normal run rate would be  normalized run rate would be. So in 2Q, youve sort of talked about a 5% to 6% overall sales growth rate. Should we interpret from that that as we get into 3Q and 4Q that all things equal you would think kind of a normalized growth rate would be somewhere south of 5% to 6%, or would it be different than that for some reason?
Frank H. Boykin: I think that we believe that its going to continue at that rate or maybe even stronger as the economy improves and people start investing more. So that would be  we hope it is going to be better than that.
Stephen Kim  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. Well, so do we. Thanks very much, guys. A very strong quarter.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill  Zelman & Associates: Good morning. Thank you. Frank, on the $500 million of CapEx this year, how many plants are actively under construction right now and then what would your current capital plan look like as you move into 2015?
Frank H. Boykin: Well, in terms of actually plants under construction, new plants, would just be two, I guess  the LVT plant that we have over in Europe and then the ceramic plant that weve just started in Tennessee. I think thats right. And then we have got a number of new lines or expanded lines across the world that we are adding. Im not sure I know off the top of my head.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We are putting ceramic in Russia as we speak where we are updating equipment. In Italy, ceramic, we have a new line going in Dallas we talked about. We have announced the building of a ceramic plant in Tennessee, which isnt out of the ground yet. We are putting significant increases in extrusion capacity in our carpet divisions. I think those would be the biggest single dollar amounts, but there is a lot of activities to increase efficiencies, productivity and impact product development, product offering, as well as maintenance things going on.
Frank H. Boykin: And then with regards to future CapEx, I mean it really depends on kind of how we see the industry growing across around the world as well as requirements from our M&A activity. This year is a large year because of growth and the assimilation of the acquisitions. And its probably a little bit early right now in the year to be forecasting for next year. But it could be something a little bit more than D&A, which is kind of a normal run rate for us.
Dennis McGill  Zelman & Associates: Okay. And then just from a P&L standpoint, all of that you have going on either on new plans or those that are in the works, what kind of expense benefit would you get next year if you dont see a reacceleration or acceleration in anything that is maybe not planned? Is it possible that you see expense leverage improved next year since some of these costs roll off?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum:  We dont have the numbers here, but on all of our significant investments we expect to get reasonable returns on those as we go forward. Some of them take  if you put in a new plant, it takes a long time to get the sales up, to get the leverage, could take a year or two years out. Other ones your turn on  other investments you turn on in the next months to get advantages from it.
Dennis McGill  Zelman & Associates: Okay. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh with Stifel.
John A. Baugh  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: John.
John A. Baugh  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Q2 sales guidance annually (technical difficulty) hello? 
Dennis McGill  Zelman & Associates: Oh, sorry, guys. I thought I was off. (inaudible) for that exact number, Frank.
John A. Baugh  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Should I wait for the operator to do something.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Go for it. We will see what happens.
John A. Baugh  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Okay. I was wondering on two fronts, the Russian front, the results there were materially better in the first quarter, it sounds like, than the outlook you gave us. What is your prognosis for the year and I understand that can change with all the tensions building, but do you have a different outlook now versus 90 days ago?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The economy is continuing to  the economy, we think, is going to be 0% give or take. It could be better or worse than that; we dont know. We believe the industry is going to be negative in Russia. What we said a month ago we still believe today is that we are going to take actions to improve our position and grow our business in a tough environment. So the only difference is that the last time I think we said this year our earnings are going to be flat and this time we think they are going to be a little bit better than that because of improved product mix that we had in the business. Other than that, they are still going to be  could be a significant impact based on exchange rate and if you can tell us what theyll be, we will know what to do with it.
John A. Baugh  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I will leave that up to you. Thanks for that. And then on the acquisition sort of integration, if you could maybe go through Pergo, Spano and Marazzi and tell us how far through you are in realizing the easy initial saves in each of those. And then maybe update us on the timing of when you got aggressive with acquisitions relating to your leverage ratio. Thank you.
Frank H. Boykin:  The start is the  I will start with Marazzi. Marazzi, the U.S. most of the opportunity that were easier done. The U.S has been reorganized and is operating at one. We are going to have to keep investing in the Marazzi American Olean stores. That is going to take years to get to where we want it to be, but things are in place and being structured. In Russia, basically, we are just funding the growth and continuing the strategies that we had. And we might be about 30% of the way through with the European business. We have restructured it, weve done it. We are putting investments in equipment. The first leg of it is coming in this year and it will take us all year to get it in and then next year to get it implemented the way we like. And then there is further opportunities in the European business after that that will take longer. In the Pergo business, both of the businesses  the European business and the U.S. business have been totally reorganized. The European business, we have shut down all of their manufacturing; it has been consolidated. Weve redesigned the strategies in the marketplace. We are right in the middle of reintroducing almost the entire product line with better product as we speak. Those should be in the stores by the end of this quarter and it will take over that six months to just most of the value out of those. The U.S. business, most of it is done. We have some new equipment coming in, in order to improve some of the costs, which will take probably towards the end of this year before the equipment in and operating. The Spano business, we have closed one plant; we closed the line. We have integrated the sales and operations of the organization. We are looking  so the easy pieces have been done. We are looking at additional capital investments to throughout possibly some of the worst equipment between the two companies. It hasnt been concluded what to do yet. If we move forward with that, it could take a year or two to get all those fully in place from the time you order them to the time you execute them. On the acquisition front, we believe that we have  the management structures are in place. We have made a huge amount of progress in a year putting all the infrastructure in these things, the strategies have been executed, the teams are leveling out what they are doing. The debt level has come down, the operating margins is come up and all the business and we are in place to do additional acquisition if we find them at the right prices to move forward and we are looking.
John A. Baugh  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you for the color and good luck.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East with ISI Group.
Stephen East  ISI Group: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Jeff, if you could just talk a little bit more about Russia and the weather, just the Russia from the standpoint of if the tensions escalate, etc., do you all have any contingency planning there? What are your options and possibilities that type of thing, if the government starts creating interference for US-owned companies, etc.? And then on the weather, you talked a lot about the sales line. Can you give us any type of magnitude of inefficiencies from production, shipping, etc.? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum:  In Russia, the big risk to us are one, is we do import some clay  a portion of our clay from outside Russia. So we have alternative that we have been looking at. We prefer not to use them as that but we have alternative there we have some negative impact to sales and to the Ukraine, which could impact us. Its a small part of the total business, but the world blows up and things go crazy we have to react and we cant anticipate what it might be. We dont think we are in core industry like the oil and gas business as that we are not anticipating a significant impact on that sort of bigger risk for us we think would be the economy is getting much worse.
Frank H. Boykin:  And weve checked with other people too, Stephen, outside experts about that and they confirmed the business we are in, the locations we are in, the risk to ask is from a political standpoint and somewhat limited. The bigger risk is going to the economy and what happens with the economy over there with everything that is going on politically.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I forgot the part of the question.
Stephen East - ISI Group: All right. That is really helpful. Just on the weather, you indicated  gave us a good idea of the sales impact. Can you give us some type of idea of magnitude inefficiencies, either production, shipping, etc. versus what you would typically expect in the first quarter?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There were some plant shutdowns and startups that you wouldnt normally have due to the weather. Now every spring we do have some, so its not a zero baseline. I would just see a couple of million dollars to be more or less between the different pieces across but, again thats hard to tell most of the shipment I think we are able to get through is more a sales problem other than whatever we have to absorb. 
Stephen East - ISI Group: Okay, thanks. And then just one last thing. As you look at your carpet segment, the performances, you talked a little bit about the different strengths. It sounds like residential was the strongest. Could you just sort of run through new construction, remodeling and on the commercial side, what is going on there? Are we seeing an acceleration or is it sort of a steady-state right now?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: All the businesses were affected by weather. As we have come out of the piece, the builder business is continuing to be the better part of the category as you would suspect. We are seeing improvement in the remodeling business as we go forward. We are hoping a remodeling will continue to strengthen and well see a mix improvement as it does in the business because a consumer who buys their own product tend to buy higher value products. Multifamily business still remains good around the country. The commercial business slowly expected to improve going forward. The indicators are good. We see our bookings levels improving and so those things are supporting the increases we have been talking about.
Stephen East - ISI Group:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets
Robert Wetenhall  RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, good afternoon and great quarter. Just wanted to ask about your capital investment program and your Greenfield ceramic initiatives. Are you guys set on capacity or are you just investing in the new facility because you are very confident about demand and what is your thoughts  Im kind of getting the impression you might be taking some market share?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We are looking out for the next  the ceramic plant from the time you start until the time it is up, you are talking about two years before you get any capacity out of it and being a third year before you start getting it. At the same time, you incrementally put in equipment; you dont put it all in the first day as you go through. So, if we look out over the next five years, we have done a view of what we think the business is going to grow and so we are increasing the capacity to support that because of the long lead-times. We also able to, because of our Mexican business, our other one; we are able to support the Mexican business by putting more capacity up here and using more of the Mexican business in Mexico as well as importing changing around. The business is also setup to produce the highest value tile above what we have. We are importing from Italy, the highest value most differentiated pieces lot of it goes in to the commercial business so were also putting equipment in there to more aggressively produce locally, the highest end of the product line, which historically has come from imports.
Robert Wetenhall  RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Thank you. And just one question, I just wanted to see, taking the temperature of the European consumer, do you think on a Mid-Continent, I am putting aside Russia, do you think European consumer demand is starting to turn the corner in the U.K. and Germany? Is there any signs of that and what are your outlook in the back part of the year for Europe? Thank you very much.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We are seeing areas where we think the European economy may have bottomed. Some countries  you can tell about Europe as one. Some countries are doing better than others, so we are more optimistic now than we have been in the past. Our business was up slightly from last year on a comparable basis. In the first quarter, the weather in Europe was slightly warmer just opposite of the U.S. So we think there was some business because of the warmer weather impacting it, which was a positive then. We are not yet sure exactly how to put that looking at the future. And from our position, the things we are doing in our ceramic business to turn it around and make it profitable and the things we are doing with the consolidation of the acquisitions we get and turning of the over the new Pergo line, we think that we can do better because all the activities we are doing.
Robert Wetenhall  RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with Sun Trust.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Thank you. Just a couple follow-up questions to some of the answers you have given. The plant closure associated with the Spano integration, when was that closed?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum:  I think it was in the fourth quarter, but I am not sure. There were so many pieces. I think it was in the fourth quarter. 
Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Okay. And then you had mentioned on the Marazzi integration, you were 30% of the way through in Europe. Is the remaining 70% just more rationalization and the production assets there or are there other things involved?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We have ordered equipment that is being delivered to take their glazed flooring business and improved productivity and cost as well as enable us to make higher value products that equipments on its way in as we speak and is being put in over six, nine months because we have to keep supporting the local business while we are doing. We then have further plans depending upon how Europe goes and how we read the market that we could keep investing and improve our cost positions in other parts of the business. And we havent turned those loose yet until we finish the first phase and get a better view of what is going on in Europe.
Frank H. Boykin: At the end of the day, with that strategy, Keith, we should have a much more cost-effective and efficient manufacturing operation and raise our mix up from where it was before.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: And just to make sure we understand, we started out with a losing business.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: And an economy that was terrible in an environment where the capacity way out exceeded the demand. Other than that, it was easy.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: All right. Final question, you had talked earlier in the call about 2014 I believe what you called combined service centers where you dont have distribution and ceramic tile. I assume thats in North America. Are those locations, are they actually doing retail sales, as well as wholesale or are they just focused on wholesale?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: That was Marazzis attempt before we bought them to start building a structure to compete with our business, with our Daltile business. And so they had a limited number of service centers that, for the most part, werent doing as well because they had a difficult time having the product breadth to support what was going on. So what we are doing is we are adding to those stores our American Olean product category so that we can have a total offering and offer the marketplace two options of our own owned products to go through it and then we get through that step, the question is what other geography can we maximize the piece in where we dont have strong independent distributors to support us and start growing them from there. The initial stores that weve done are showing good progress in improving their sales and improving their share of the marketplace, but we are in the early stages.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Is that  those sales are wholesale sales from you?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Im sorry, we dont sell direct to the consumer in those stores. We sell to contractors, retailers and other things whoever is in the market, but not the retail consumer.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Yes, good morning, everyone. Jeff, just a question on organic growth and capital allocation. Last quarter, you talked about having made 30 acquisitions since 1992. This quarter, you are reiterating the $500 million of CapEx for 2014. Can you just talk about organic growth expectations over the next two years and maybe that was the 5% to 6% number you referenced earlier and how do you think about the right balance over that time from a capital allocation standpoint between organic growth and acquisition growth?
Frank H. Boykin: First, the 5% to 6%, given all the acquisitions and given what happened in the first quarter, we felt that we wanted to try to give you a clear view of the near-term future because it is really hard to understand. So that is what the 5% to 6% was. The capital allocation only starts first with supporting our own business and maximizing our internal growth. And so that is always the first thing we are going to support and keep doing. We are going to have to keep investing in the businesses where we get the proper returns so that we have good cost positions and innovative products to drive our business. From there, the next one is to continue looking at and finding the right acquisition, which will give us the proper returns for our shareholders we want over time. And so those could be businesses that are doing well that we have just done like the Russian business. They could be businesses that are doing lousy like they have in the ceramic business or the Pergo business where we shut down the manufacturing. And each one of those has a different return expectation based on the risks and how well the business is doing.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: So as you think about that organic growth over the next two years, what is a good rate for us to be thinking about?
Frank H. Boykin: We havent really stated a rate. I think that when we look at this year, we said the next quarter would be 5% to 6%. We expect the rest of the year to be  we are hoping to be stronger than that. And next year, we put together a plan at this point.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Is it fair to think about industry growth as kind of 3% to 4%?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum:  3% to 4% on the U.S. It might even be a little higher. Dont know
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, it depends on region and it depends on product.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think using that for the U.S., I think 4% for the flooring industry is reasonable.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Okay. And you should be gaining share over and above that I guess?
Frank H. Boykin: Well, in terms of actually plants
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eli Hackel with Goldman Sachs.
Eli C. Hackel  Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Thanks, I just wanted to touch on the $500 million in CapEx. Is it possible to break that down how much is for the recent acquisitions, how much is for legacy? In the legacy, how much is maintenance versus growth CapEx?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It is possible, but we dont have it to give you. We have it; we just dont have it in front of us.
Frank H. Boykin:  You can call me, Eli; I can help you a little bit with that.
Eli C. Hackel  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. And then just in terms of the  on the commercial side, I just wanted to understand the comments you made on commercial, were those specific to carpet or just love your overall thoughts on what you are seeing in the commercial business and all of your segments?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Weve made a lot of comments. Some of them were related to the carpet business and the transition of the product line and others where that we were seeing the commercial business improving and our backlog improving, that which relates to the whole business.
Eli C. Hackel  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, okay. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thanks. Gentlemen, I think you made a comment about laminate growing slower than the industry and carpet growing slower than the industry. Can you just talk a little bit about what is growing faster than the industry, your exposure there and then if you have thoughts about your portfolio relative to what is gaining and losing share relative to the industry in flooring?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Those comments around the U.S. flooring industry first and then the U.S. flooring industry, you have some products growing faster and some growing slower. When we look at it, the faster growing products are going to be wood and ceramic and the slower than the average are going to be carpet and laminate.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Co. LLC: As you think about your portfolio, the Columbia acquisition of a number of years ago, it seems like your wood exposure is smaller. Do you have thoughts from an acquisition perspective that there is a need to get bigger in the wood category or how do you think about that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Recently I mean we have been standing in our wood position in Europe recently with a small acquisition in Europe, but we still have a niche position in Europe and the U.S. we would consider acquisition  wherever we have knowledge that we can leverage and business is that we can leverage, we would consider those as a possible work place to look at. The decisions will come around what we have to pay for it and the return on investment over time along with the risks associated with those. So anything that is in flooring and for the most part anything in the world we would look at, we would have to then review that based on the risks associated with the geography and the risks associated with each individual business.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. And then secondly, as you are seeing this recovery take shape, again, curious what your thoughts are about the incremental margin of the business through the recovery, especially as it relates to product mix and what you are seeing in terms of the uptake of better product across the segments.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes, I dont think our incremental margins have really  our view on incremental margins have changed in Europe. As we said, carpet is 20% and tile 25% and laminated in the 30% range. So over the cycle, that would be the view of the incremental margins both up or down in any particular quarter depending on whether we are investing or not.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  And at this time there are no further questions.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We appreciate you joining our call. We are optimistic about our future. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you joining todays conference call. You may now disconnect your lines

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank Boykin - CFO Jeffrey Lorberbaum - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group David Goldberg - UBS David MacGregor - Longbow Research  Kenneth Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets  Steven Kim - Barclays Capital Jason Marcus - JP Morgan Stephen East - ISI Group Michael Dahl - Credit Suisse Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James
Operator: Good morning. My name is Amy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, February 21, 2014. I would now like to introduce Frank Boykin, Chief Financial Officer. You may begin.
Frank Boykin: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor conference call. We will update you on the company's progress during the fourth quarter of 2013, review our performance during the last year, and provide guidance for the first quarter of 2014. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our form 8-K and press release in the Investor information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jeff?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Mohawk is the world's largest flooring manufacturer and 2013 was a pivotal year in the company's history. We used our strong balance sheet to support a shift from a conservative approach to a more aggressive growth mode. By investing $1.8 billion in acquisitions, with significant synergies to our business, we strengthened our U.S. market position and further diversified our exposure to international markets. About 30% of our sales are now generated outside of the United States, primarily in Russia and in Europe, which is in a cyclical mode. Our revenue mix also changed significantly, with our sales now roughly 40% carpet, 40% ceramic and 20% wooden laminate. Our CapEx was $367 million for 2013, including major investments in carpet, fiber and yarn, ceramic tile capacity, and an installation board plant in Europe, as well as the first phase of a new LVT plant. In 2014, our capital plan is to invest $500 million more in additional capacity and productivity improvements. These investments will position us for continued growth from pent-up demand from new housing and remodeling in the U.S., as well as from European improvement and participation in new markets. Today, Mohawk is better positioned for the future than ever before. Each of our businesses has the strongest management ever, and all the teams are driving long term strategies to expand margins, introduce innovative products, and improve productivity, quality and service. 2013 was a milestone in our history and reflects how growth through acquisitions have been a core component of the company's strategy during the past two decades, and will continue to be in the future. As Mohawk went public in 1992 as a niche carpet company, who has successfully integrated almost 30 acquisitions. Our initial focus in the carpet and rug acquisitions expanded our production and market share and integrated our fiber carpet and distribution systems. Later, we acquired other carpet companies with unique industry positions as bolt-ons to our existing business. We only use [ph] acquisitions to expand it into product category, including ceramic tiles, stone, laminate and wood, to become a total flooring provider. Finally, acquisitions provide us with an entry into new geographies including Europe, Russia and Australia. If you analyze Mohawk's top line growth over the past five, 10 or 20 years, you will see a similar impact on sales from acquisitions of about $300 million per year. We have built exceptional knowledge and processes to integrate and run acquisitions, that enhances the results. This year illustrates the depth of our acquisition capabilities. We bought three companies in three different product categories, with manufacturing in seven different countries and improved them all, while still improving our current operations. We are aggressively integrating our recent acquisitions and will continue to evaluate additional business opportunities in the future. We believe that the potential acquisitions that exist in the U.S. and around the world, will continue to provide growth opportunities for Mohawk. Our fourth quarter results were better than projected, primarily due to higher sales growth in our U.S. ceramic business, a stronger performance from our Pergo acquisition, and lower interest expense to an upgrade in our credit rating. For the period, our earnings per share were $1.29 as reported or $1.79 excluding unusual charges, an increase of 77% over adjusted fourth quarter 2012 results, and our sales increased about 34% in the period. For the full year, we delivered earnings per share of $4.82 as reported or $6.55 excluding unusual charges, which was a 73% increase over adjusted 2012 results. Sales for the year reached $7.3 billion, a 27% increase over 2012. The strength of our enterprise was recognized during the period with the inclusion of Mohawk in the S&P 500. During the year, we significantly improved our profitability of our carpets business, with adjusted operating income rising 32% over 2012, and margins increasing 170 basis points. Ceramic tile is now the fastest growing foreign category, and for the year, our ceramic sales increased by 66% over 2012. We are the largest participant in the 120 billion square foot global ceramic market, with leading positions in U.S., Russia, Italy, France and Spain. We only have 2% of the global ceramic market. We see significant opportunities to expand our position. Our laminate and wood business was up more than 33%, primarily from acquisitions and significant growth in the U.S. market. For the year, our overall adjusted operating margins increased to almost 12%, improving 240 basis points over the prior year, from improved product mix, productivity enhancements and focused SG&A management. We are well positioned for both revenue and earnings growth in 2014. In the U.S., our future optimism is supported by a number of leading indicators that anticipate continued improvement and new construction and remodeling. The National Association of Homebuilders projects a 31% rise in new family homes in 2014, with a total new home construction increasing to 1.2 million units. The National Association of Realtors reports that existing home sales in 2013 rose 9% to the highest level in six years. In January, the NAHP reported its remodeling index was at the highest level in 10 years. The improvement in remodeling is being driven by an improving economy, higher housing prices, as well as growing sales of existing homes. The Association of Builders and Contractors also projects non-residential construction will grow in the mid to high single digits in 2014, with healthcare and hospitality being the strongest categories. In our other markets, the Mexican construction industry is projecting 5.5%, supported by the Mexican government's budget, increasing by almost 10%. The Russian economy's rapid growth has slowed, but significant long term opportunities remain from years of underinvestment in Russia's housing infrastructure. Some indicators suggest that the economic recovery in the Eurozone is gradually strengthened, reinforced by an increased commitment of the European Central Bank to improve growth. There should be considerable pent-up demand in both the residential and commercial flooring, as the European recovery progresses. During the quarter, our carpet segment revenues increased 3% compared to the prior year, primarily through strong performance in our ultra-soft residential products, and the expansion of our polyester product line. During the period, adjusted operating margins grew 160 basis points to almost 9%, as a result of increased volumes, productivity gains, cost reduction and improved mix. During the economic downturn, we invested significant resources to reposition our carpet business around growing product categories, and to reduce our cost structures. Today, we are the leader in premium fiber categories, including our exclusive SmartStrand offering, as well as our Wear-Dated, Soft Nylon and Continuum Polyester collections. Polyester is the fastest growing carpet fiber, and we are revolutionizing the category with our proprietary Continuum technology that creates higher buck [ph] for greater value, and extends our industry-leading environmental position, with up to 100% recycled content, all at competitive prices. SG&A was improved through cost reductions implemented throughout the past year. The segment's SG&A was lower in total dollars as a percentage -- and as a percentage of sales than last year, and we will continue to control costs throughout 2014. In residential, our premium ultra-soft carpet increased as a percentage of our total sales. During the quarter, our polyester shipments grew substantially, as our expanded product line gained traction across all channels. We anticipated continued growth in this category throughout 2014 at all price points. Our national and regional shows introduced retailers to our Continuum polyester collection, generating significant orders for both product and retail displays. We are improving results with the specialization of our residential sales organization into separate teams, focused on retailers and new hold and multifamily contractors. We are continuing to leverage our customer relationship management platform to drive sales opportunities, and improve customer service. In commercial, our margins expanded as we transitioned to Mohawk manufactured performance fibers, which offer enhanced value position to our customers. We are launching a new commercial [indiscernible] program in the retail channel to expand our Main Street business. Also our new Renegade carpet tile collection with unsurpassed versatility and integrated color line, and a new commercial LVT program, to capitalize on this expanding category. Our commercial carpet sales team continues to collaborate with our ceramic sales team, to drive growth in specific commercial products. Productivity gains are positively impacting our margins. We lowered costs through reduced changeover cost in waste; enhanced manufacturing alignment; quality improvement and material optimization; our investments in fiber and yarn technology has enhanced our position as a leading innovator in the carpet industry and improved our cost position. We have improved both our customers' experience and our response times during the year. Distribution costs have been reduced with higher fleet utilization and greater productivity from enhanced systems and processes. We implemented a freight increase in February to offset increasing transportation expenses. Our ceramic segment revenues were up 84% compared to the prior year, through strong growth in our legacy business and the impact of the Marazzi acquisition. During the period, adjusted operating margins grew 320 basis points to 10%, as a result of higher volumes, efficiency gains and improved mix. Ceramic tile growth has outpaced in the U.S. flooring industry, and we anticipate that this will continue in 2014. The consolidated Dal-Tile, American Olean and Marazzi business has strengthened our position in the U.S. ceramic market. In the U.S., we have substantially completed the integration of Dal-Tile and Marazzi. During 2014, we are reorganizing our ceramic manufacturing by product type, which will improve our asset utilization, costs and inventory turns. The realignment of our Marazzi and American Olean brands will improve our total residential offering, as well as expand the scope of our commercial line. Combined American Olean and Marazzi service centers, will increase our distribution in areas where we are not supported by independent distributors. We are finding additional synergies, enhancing style and design, and leveraging technology across the business. This year, we will integrate the information systems to provide greater flexibility, improve efficiencies and enhance service. Efficiencies gains through distribution and plant utilization at U.S. will further expand our margins. Marazzi has also strengthened our home center and independent distributor positions and our collective product development capabilities has yielded greater innovations in design and performance. We continue to expand our position in popular ceramic wood planks, for both residential and commercial applications, with lengths up to four feet long. Our collections capture the natural beauty and texture of wood, and are perfect for areas where moisture or scratching prevent the use of wood. Our Mexican business is increasing distribution enhancing product mix and improving margins. We are offering an expanded product offering across all price points, and focusing on maximizing our distribution in the country's central region. In Russia the economy has slowed, and is expected to grow only 1%. We anticipate increasing our share, but new investments will result in our operating income being about flat on a local basis. We have the number one position in the mid and high end products, supported by our strength of distribution, and unique franchised retail shops. We anticipate opening about 10% of Marazzi franchise stores this year, while strengthening the awareness of our brands with greater consumer advertising. Our innovative product collections, create a competitive advantage as a style leader in the marketplace. To grow our market share in the current environment, we are expanding our participation in new construction in home center channels, with unique products and specialized sales organizations. We are implementing best practices to drive manufacturing and logistic efficiencies, improve product lifecycle management and reduce the cost of our materials and operations. The restructuring of our European ceramic business is well underway. We have reduced our cost structure, executed a geographic realignment of our sales forces; upgraded our product offering and reduced complexity. This year, we are upgrading manufacturing technologies to provide higher styled, larger sized ceramic products that will improve both our mix and our product margins. We reduced our SG&A costs to improving the efficiencies of our sales and administrative functions. We are expanding sales outside Southern Europe and markets that offer greater growth opportunity. In January, we exited the European sanitary ware ceramic business, so we can focus on our core flooring business. We are leveraging the assets of our global ceramic business by shipping unique commercial products and high end wood client from Europe to the United States. During the period, sales in our laminate and wood segment rose 41% over the prior year, with most of that increase from growth in the U.S. and acquisitions of Pergo and Spano. Operating margin, excluding one time charges were almost 12%, up 260 basis points over the prior year, due to lower SG&A, higher volume in North America and reduced amortization. We have fully integrated the manufacturing administrative organizations of Pergo and Unilin, which positively impacted SG&A costs and operational efficiency. In the U.S., we have expanded our NBF board production, to support our increased laminate sales. Additional investments in 2014 will expand our NBF capacity further. We are also investing in additional equipments to meet the growth of specific laminate products. In the first quarter, we launched a natural wood collection under our Quick-Step brand, the combined sophisticated styling, low maintenance and our patented installation system. Our new Wood By Quick step features a new enhanced finish that shields against stains and wear, by illuminating the beauty of the natural wood grain. Our wood business is growing significantly along with new home sales, and is positively contributing to our results. U.S. wood costs continue to rise, and we announced a price increase for implementation in March. Sales in our legacy European business were about flat with the prior year on a local basis. Laminate flooring was down slightly, offset by growth in wood and luxury vinyl tile. We have completed the closings of the Pergo manufacturing facilities in Sweden and we are now manufacturing all Pergo branded requirements in Belgium, using our existing laminate production. We are presently introducing an updated Pergo laminate offering, with industry leading design and performance features, as well as an improved installation system. The European Pergo product transition will take about six months to fully execute and should enhance our sales and market position. To expand the Pergo brand in Europe further, we are introducing a high performance Pergo commercial laminate collection and an innovative Pergo wood collection. Outside Skandia -- Scandinavia, we are selectively using the Pergo brand to enhance our laminate distribution in the retail channel. In Europe, we are implementing continued cost reductions, as we enhance the combined Unilin and Pergo businesses. Construction of a new LVT plant in Europe is under way, and will commence production by the end of the year. We are actively increasing LVT sales in both Europe and the U.S. to support this facility. Our technical design and installation expertise in laminate is applicable to LVT, and we anticipate leveraging our strengths to develop a leading position in this fast growing category. In January, we signed an agreement to purchase a small wood flooring manufacturer in the Czech Republic, which will further expand our niche European wood business. Our Malaysian wood manufacturing has been running at capacity, and we can now expand our sales in Asia and Australia. The installation business in Europe continues to grow at significant rates. Our new manufacturing facility in France has began operations in the fourth quarter, expanding our geographic reach into new markets. Our board and roof panel business remains under pressure due to slow European, new construction and remodeling. We are introducing value added products, reducing our cost structures and implementing price increases to improve our results. We've closed a Spano manufacturing facility during the fourth quarter, and moved the production into other operations. We have combined all of the Spano and Unilin sales, marketing, customer service and other administrative functions. We anticipate integrating the systems by midyear, which will facilitate additional improvements. Wood costs in Europe continue to escalate and we have announced price increases in many of our product lines to cover the costs. We are committed to a sustainable manufacturing, and so far, 14 of our facilities have achieved our goal of zero landfill level, by eliminating or recycling the waste [indiscernible]. We are expanding this program across the business, reducing our costs and doing the right things for our communities. We also continue to prove our talent, the talent of our organization in all areas. Earlier this month, Training Magazine ranked Mohawk one of the top five companies in their annual list of leaders in training and development. We are the only manufacturing company ranked in the top 10 for the fourth time. I will now turn the call over to Frank to review our financial performance.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $1.924 billion, which represents an increase of 34%. 28% of the growth came from our three acquisitions that were completed in the first half of 2013. Our legacy business during the quarter grew over 6%, as U.S. residential showed strong growth, with commercial remaining positive and Europe flat. Our gross profit margin as reported was 26.7%, excluding restructuring, the margin was 27.5%, up 140 basis points with higher volumes, better mix and productivity improvements driving profitability. SG&A was $362 million or 18.8% of sales. Excluding restructuring, SG&A was 17.8% of sales, this is a 120 basis point improvement over last year. In our legacy business, our full year SG&A dollars were actually down compared to last year, as we continue to exercise strong control over spending. Restructuring, that was included in operating income was $36 million. This includes $6 million, another $17 million and then $13 million into carpet, ceramic and laminate segments respectively. We are currently estimating $30 million in additional restructuring charges in 2014 as we continue to integrate our acquisitions. Operating income excluding charges was $187 million, with a margin of 9.7%. The margin grew 260 basis points, as a result of volume and mix improvement, plus good cost control. Interest expense was $22 million. Additional debt of $1.2 million to finance the acquisitions, increased interest expense over last year, which was partially offset by a $1 million retroactive interest rate step down, after Moody's upgraded us to investment grade in the fourth quarter of last year. S&P upgraded us to investment grade earlier in the year. With these upgrades, we are currently exploring opportunities to participate in the commercial paper market, which will further reduce our interest rates. We are estimating interest in 2014 of about $86 million. Our income tax rate for the quarter was 20%, and we are estimating for 2014 full year, the rate to be 22%. However, we are estimating the first quarter 2014 rate to be 24%. In loss from discontinued operations in the quarter, we had $16 million that was incurred from the sale of our Italian sanitary ware business, which was completed in the first quarter of 2014. EPS excluding charges and discontinued ops was $1.79 per share, up 77% from last year. If we move to the segments, in our carpet segment, sales were $747 million, an increase of 3% over last year, as higher volumes drove carpet sales for the quarter. Operating income excluding charges was $66 million, with a margin of 8.8%, that's up 160 basis points, as our carpet business continues to improve. In the ceramic segment, sales were $738 million, up 84% over last year. This was primarily from the Marazzi acquisition, however our legacy business grew 12%, as both the U.S. and Mexico continue to grow over last year. Operating income excluding charges in this segment were $74 million, with a 10% margin, up 320 basis points with both volume and the Marazzi acquisition benefiting our margin. In the laminate and wood segment, sales were $466 million, up 41% over last year, with most of the growth coming from the two acquisitions. Our legacy business was up 7% as recorded or 3% on a constant exchange rate basis, with the U.S. business up and Europe flat, on a constant exchange rate. Operating income excluding charges was $54 million or a margin of 11.6%, up 260 basis points, with improvements from U.S. volumes and productivity gains driving this increase. In the Corporate segment, operating income loss was $7 million. Next year, we are estimating a full year of operating loss in this segment of $25 million to $30 million, which is in line with this year. We jump to the balance sheet; in receivables, we ended up with $1.063 billion. This includes $343 million from acquisitions, that was not included in last year's numbers. Our DSOs, days sales outstanding ended up at 50 days, compared to 47 days last year, as we unwound our off-balance sheet securitization financing facility in the Marazzi European business, so that we can reduce our costs. Inventories were $572 million; this includes $341 million from acquisitions. Inventory days were 112 days, up due to the acquisitions, and we are continuing to focus on improvement in this area. Our fixed assets ended the quarter at $2.702 billion; this includes capital expenditures of $111 million during the quarter, with depreciation and amortization of $86 million. We are estimating capital expenditures next year 2014 of $500 million, with over 70% of what's committed for capacity expansion, as our U.S. economy continues to expand and we assimilate the acquisitions. The largest part of this spend in 2014 will be in the ceramic segment, followed by carpet, and a significant portion of this will take over a year to fully execute. In 2014, we are estimating our depreciation and amortization to be $350 million. If we look at long term debt, free cash flow for the quarter was $87 million, resulting in debt at the end of the quarter of $2.3 billion. Our leverage improved to 2.1 times debt-to-EBITDA, and we are expecting our ratio to improve to 1.7 times by the end of the fourth quarter of this year. So I'd like to make one final comment about our first quarter EPS guidance of $1.13 to $1.19.  Similar to last year, the consensus modeled seasonality incorrectly; this is not unusual, given all the moving parts with our three acquisitions. It can be difficult to model our quarterly results. We gave our view of 2014, based on the historical trend of the first quarter, relative to the full year. The 2014 annual consensus of $8.24, which is 26% above last year, is within our implied range. The sequential change from the fourth quarter of 2013 to the first quarter of 2014 will be impacted by a higher tax rate in 2014 as I mentioned earlier. However, nothing is changed versus our expectations for the quarter or for the year. Jeff, I will turn it back over to you.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Through investments and acquisitions and capital expenditures, productivity improvements and product innovation, we have positioned Mohawk for growth and improved profitability in all segments during 2014. We made excellent progress with integrating our acquisitions to maximize the market positions, and improve their cost structures. At this point, we believe the U.S. market, which is 70% of our business, represents our greatest opportunity. In Europe, we continue to lower our cost structure, enhance our productivity and improve our product offerings, to position us for future growth, as the industry improves from its cyclical bottom. In the U.S., we are the largest flooring provider, with leading brands and more than 40% of the nation's ceramic and laminate markets, and significant shares of the carpet, wood, stone, rug and carpet underlay markets. This year, the U.S. economy is projected to grow at a pace, on-par with three recession levels; and the flooring industry is expected to outpace GDP growth. We are well positioned to improve our results, as new construction and remodeling expand in both residential and commercial categories. This year, we anticipate growing both our sales and margins in our legacy business and recent acquisitions. We continue to assess additional acquisition opportunities in flooring products around the world, to further expand our business. With these factors, our guidance for the first quarter earning is $1.13 to $11.9 per share, excluding any restructuring charges. Our first quarter results are seasonally our lowest, and the past four years, it represented one-seventh of our total annual earnings. While the weather in the first half of this quarter has impacted the timing of some of our U.S. shipments and orders, our first quarter results are anticipated to be in line with normal seasonal patterns. We anticipate orders improving and our backlog declining, limiting the impact on the quarter. We are optimistic about the future of the flooring industry and our participation in it. This year, we anticipate increasing capital investments in our businesses, to support additional growth, expand our product offerings, and reduce costs. We will continue driving all aspects of our business to improve profits and increase shareholder value. We will now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Dennis McGill. Your line is open.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: I guess the first question, and I am not sure if this is for Jeff or Frank, but as you look across your domestic portfolio, all the different flooring options you have, and you think about some of the categories that may be have secular challenges and other secular headwinds or tailwinds? Do you think, as you look forward, that you would grow on-par with overall square footage growth for the flooring category, or would you be plus or minus that?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Our objective in all the business is to outperform the marketplace, and we think we are positioned to do that on any category.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Yeah, I understand as the market share with any category. But as you piece together all those categories, is your expectation, that that will be better than market growth for flooring as a whole?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Yes.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay. And then Frank, as far as the 1Q guidance, not knowing where the revenue and margin pieces shake out, it seems to imply that the year-over-year margin improvement would be lower than the first quarter and improve through the year. Is that the right message, as we model it out?
Frank Boykin: Well I'll say Dennis, that it will improve year-over-year in each of the four quarters, as we move through the year. But I am not prepared to address the margin improvement Q1 versus margin improvement any other quarter. But it will be up in Q1 versus a year ago.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay. All right. I will get back in queue. Thanks guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Eli Hackel of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Good morning. Can you just talk a little bit more about the Continuum, what percentage of your carpet sales does that make up now? Where do you think it could go, and I don't know if you are prepared to address may be the margin differential between that product and your overall carpet margins?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well to start off, polyester is a growing part of the residential carpet business. The estimate is that polyester as a industry, represents somewhere around 50% of the residential carpet, to begin with. We believe that, we have a unique position with our Continuum technology. We have patented a group of different things between our recycling technology and our exclusion technology, to give this an advantage. The result of which, create a product that has higher values, with more bulk. It gives us the opportunity to market products with up to 100% recycled content. And we have lagged behind the industry in our participation in polyester, and in the fall, we started introducing products. We will introduce 40 new products between the fall and now, so we have a broader product offering at all price points, to maximize on sales in this category.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks. And then one, just on M&A. I am not remitting too much into something, but you seemed to -- additional line in the release about looking at flooring opportunities, spent some time in the prepared remarks looking at M&A. Has anything changed there, are you closer to any other deals, or is that just sort of the standard view that you look to continue to do deals in this space?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think the point we are trying to get across is that, we made three acquisitions of significance. We are well along with what we are doing. Our capital structure is improving significantly, and as always we are open in looking at all areas, that we can find synergies in.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes of SunTrust. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Yes. Two questions, back to the polyester carpet. Into the year, how well rolled out is that new initiative, and when do you think you will start hitting your run rate on that, in terms of sales?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We started in the third quarter introducing some. We have been introducing them since then, and to get all the products in the marketplace, by the end of the first quarter, some time in mid second quarter, we will have rollouts in the marketplace and as we do it all for new products. I mean, does well into the market.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And on the $500 million of CapEx this year, you mentioned ceramic and carpet as being the extension, expanding capacity for those from that money. Can you give me some examples of where you are spending that, within those two segments?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: In the carpet side, most of it has continued its investments through supports of growing polyester business, but large investments in the Continuum processes and to keep expanding those. On the ceramic side, is additional equipment going into expand our present facility is a future investment that we are planning through. In ceramic, it takes us about two years to get the plant up and it could take another year to get the plant up to full capacity as it starts up. So there is a plan and addition for another potential site, that hasn't been finalized yet to start.
Frank Boykin: We are spending in the ceramic side, both in the U.S. and in Europe. In Europe, we are upgrading several of their manufacturing plants as they get over there?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It should be in place by third quarter, I guess.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: And final question on the first quarter guidance, I know you don't usually talk about revenues. But I know, if I am going to start, I will start with the year. Does your guidance assume that we see some revenue growth in the quarter, or can you directionally help us there?
Frank Boykin: There is revenue growth in the quarter, Keith.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson of Thompson Research Group. Your line is open.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions today. The first is on pricing specifically and your carpet segment. At this time last year, there has already been an announced price increase in the market, and we don't currently have one, at least in the U.S. Will there be a soft flooring price increase this year, and digging a little bit further, could you distinguish by category, would you make a differentiation between, say your ultra soft versus your polyester lines? Thank you.
Frank Boykin: Historically, the carpet industry increases pricing as the raw materials change. The reason there hasn't been any announcement is, there hasn't been a significant change in the raw materials, forcing the industry could change prices, to recover the costs. Though at this moment, we don't have many. If the circumstances change that require it, we will announce the price increase and pass it through to the customers.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group: Tiding along that with rising costs, lot of focus on rise in natural gas and also NP [ph] derivatives, how much have rise in natural gas and other NP derivatives, impacted your overall cost structure, really in all segments, but particularly in the U.S. and where do you see that as we progress through the year?
Frank Boykin: The costs will go up proportionate with the prices we don't hedge. Our natural gas, we buy it at the current prices. We have built into all our estimates in future, an estimate of what happens in the marketplaces. Our ceramic business has probably a higher portion of energy costs in it per unit, and if the costs go up significantly enough, we will have the change the pricing structures.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group: Okay. Great. Finally, on non-res demand, you touched on growth with a [indiscernible] is this driven by new construction or remodel?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Is it in non-residential Kathryn?
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group: Yes it is.
Frank Boykin: Its non-residential supported by new growth or remodel. Most of it is coming through remodel right now.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg of UBS. Your line is open.
David Goldberg - UBS: Good morning. Great quarter.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you. Good morning.
David Goldberg - UBS: I wanted to ask a little bit of a theoretical question and kind of following up on the prior question on price. But what I am trying to understand is, do you think in this cycle, as we kind of looked out at consumer base, is it consumer globally? Do you think if something has changed, maybe in the U.S. or may be globally and the consumers ability to absorb price increases. Just given that, you know, there has been a deleveraging cycle, home prices may not be going up specifically in this cycle. DO you think the consumers are going to be able to absorb price increases, the same way as you guys look forward in the model business?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The consumers ability to absorb price increases, typically what happens is that, as price increases go up, if the consumer can't afford it, they trade down to a lower value product to lower price point; and typically, as you increase prices, you do see a deterioration and some of the mix, as you go through. However, as the market improves and the remodeling business, which is a very large part of our business. The consumer, not only desires to have the best products they can afford, and to have their homes look as beautiful as possible. So as their incomes better, and as they gain more confidence in the marketplace that housing prices rise, they anticipate that the customers who can afford it, will actually trade up more than they have in the past few years.
David Goldberg - UBS: That's really helpful. And then just, [indiscernible] in the opportunity M&A side and I really appreciate guys, the health in kind of this ceramic tile market and the size of the market globally, versus where you guys are as a percent. But can you help us understand, how that would kind of break out between current footprint versus new geographies, and what do you think the addressable market is, when you look at the tile business? I mean, its presumably not the full amount of the numbers you quoted. So can you just kind of talk about where do you think the addressable market is for you, and kind of, maybe given the current geographic footprint of what you think the addressable market is going to be, and then given the potential for M&A, where you'd like to see it? And I understand its kind of a general question, but just trying to understand, where you could be going?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let me try to give you a philosophy rather than exact thesis. The philosophy is that, in areas where we have an existing business with strong management, we are open to looking at any business that's in the area, because we have the management and order to take existing businesses to fully performing or operating well and integrate them into an existing structure. So in areas where we exist today, it is open to anything. When we go outside existing markets, we look for businesses, because we are buying as much the management, as we are the company. And we typically will not have businesses under stress, where we don't have existing management to do that; and that applies to all our segments. We have a philosophy that we will go into different marketplaces, we don't try to overlay a single strategy that we use around the world. We try to make sure, that each market's addressable work thought is important, how they go to market, and we think its very important to have local knowledge in doing that. And that's why, when you see us going to new geographies, tending to buy the best companies in the industry, we will do that.
David Goldberg - UBS: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor at Longbow Research. Your line is open.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Yes good morning. Good quarter Jeff.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: I am wondering if you just look across your portfolio again across carpet ceramics, wood lam and the categories. Just talk about what you are expecting in terms of industry revenue growth in 2014?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think that the industry in flooring is close to be up about 4% to 5%, I am giving you off the top of my head, I don't remember it. I think the industry is around 4% to 5%. I think the carpet is slightly lower, around 4%. The ceramic business is higher, I think its 6%, 7%, might be higher, I don't have the numbers in front of me, and laminate is probably on the lower end.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Okay. Is that in U.S. or is that global?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: That's the U.S. Each market is unique.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Guess it's harder to put numbers around the global, it sure is?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Each one is in unique. In Europe the business is flat to up a little bit, wouldn't surprise me. Hopefully, it's going to turn and be up a little. If you go to Russia; Russia, the economy has slowed down, and the ceramic industry could be up a little bit or down a little bit, I don't know exactly as an industry.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Okay. Second question, just with respect to the carpet segment, typically in the fourth quarter, you see your strongest margins of the year. This year, you were down sequentially from 3Q. I am just wondering is that -- what was the --
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Its just the timing and different cases and we have expenses yet [ph]. We tend to look at it, or the margin increasing over time, when you compare it to last year. I think we made a huge amount of progress.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Was there any pressure early in the quarter, from the whole government shutdown thing, that might have adversely impacted those numbers?
Frank Boykin: No. There wasn't though.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Okay. Then finally, from time to time, you update us on contribution margins by segment. I was just wondering if I could trouble you for that?
Frank Boykin: I would say Dave, the long term margins haven't really changed. Obviously they are going to vary quarter-to-quarter. But we are sure, for the fourth quarter, its probably around 20% and tile was around 25% and laminate is up around 30.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ken Zener of Key. Your line is open.
Kenneth Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning gentlemen. [Indiscernible] the last comment on the lam, given the new plants in Europe, that you are going to be bringing on. It sounded like that was going to be at the end of 2014, it would be completed, so that would be coming online in 2015 and then, the merge operations in the U.S. for Pergo. Could you kind of talk about the initiatives that you have in place today in that segments, given the plants that you are bringing online, and how that might impact the operating leverage that you just talked about?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: There might be some confusion. In Europe we purchased Pergo, which had two manufacturing plants in Sweden, which were antiquated. At the same time, about a year or so ago, we built a plant in Russia, so we took capacity out of our plant, which created excess available capacity in the other ones [ph]. Pergo had not invested in their plant in almost 20 years of significance. So we shut the plant down and moved it in. Those are the savings and those are all built into our estimates that we have given you. In addition, the new plant we talked about is going into a new product category which is called luxury vinyl tile. That new plant will come out of the ground and should be operational towards the end of this year. We are building sales in the U.S. and Europe to support that plant, as we take -- physically take the plant site to come up, it takes a year to get the volume up to where you are and the pieces going together to work, as you go through, will start out with shipping some of it to the U.S. marketplace, and the goal is to build another one in the U.S. to support the U.S. marketplace, when we get the [indiscernible] worked out at the first one. On the U.S. side, the capacity in the U.S. side and laminate woods -- in laminates, the investments are basically in adjusting the product categories based in areas that we have changed, and just putting those in, that won't significantly change the overall capacity. We talk about the board business in the U.S., that with the addition of Pergo, we are fully utilizing more than the plant's capacity, that we have put in some investment already to speed it up, at the right time, we have other investments to speed it up further. It won't change the overall laminate business, but the support of the board business.
Kenneth Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Appreciate that. If we look at the carpet, I mean, going back here because of the success you have been having. If you were to look at the, kind of the margin expansion that we had, obviously part of it is going to be the volume, in terms of the contribution. Pricing seems pretty neutral. Can you talk about the volume impact, the mix impact, if there is, somewhere, going up to triexta or nylon. As well as I think in the poly side, certainly with your Continuum, its more about the costs that gives you leverage. So could you kind of help us understand how those three components led to the driving up of margins and or EBIT dollars? Thank you.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: In order to get the margin to improve, we had to [indiscernible] letter in the book, and it was a combination of everything you talked about. It came from margins improving from the product mix, which in the last year or two, we have been focused on maximizing our position in the premium ultra-soft categories that we did three different options -- three different raw materials into it, and a multiple of options within each one. So that paid dividend. We have been going through the plants and improving productivity and cost savings through every piece, and then this year, our SG&A actually decreased, including inflation and including significant investments, so we have really focused on controlling the SG&A and spending it up, spending the money that we have on the proper [ph] things. The organization has been executing much better than it ever has in a piece. The Continuum is that, the polyester business has grown much faster than we thought it would, three years ago; and so we got a little behind our participation in the polyester business, as it was growing much faster than we thought, and we didn't have the raw material structure to support growing faster than we were. Over a year ago, we made a decision to put the assets in to do it, and those assets have been going on all through this year, and will continue going in through 2014, which is allowing us to have the share we believe that we deserve in that marketplace. In addition, the technology that we put in, has given us advantages in the end product as well as in the marketing of them, which should help us participate further, so we think we are well positioned in all the places.
Frank Boykin: And I will just kind of attack on to the end of that, with the Continuum polyester margins, regarding how that compares to other products. The margins in all of our products, differ depending upon the uniqueness of the individual products, and like the rest of our product lines, we have a mix in polyester of high and low margin, high-end, low-end products, and we anticipate the margins here, with this PET Continuum to be similar to the rest of our business.
Kenneth Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kim of Barclays. Your line is open.
Steven Kim - Barclays Capital: Thanks very much guys. Strong quarter. Wanted to ask you about the American Olean expansion. We had heard you talk about an experiment you were undertaking out in Las Vegas, with the combined distribution of American Olean and Marazzi. I was curious, on the scale of one to five, how would you say your assessment of how that has gone -- where would you rank that? And then also, as you try to expand that out, are there any costs that we should be thinking about, that would be relevant in that segment, if maybe some of that hitting in the first quarter to drive somewhat lower guidance? Thanks.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I am glad you asked. Both the American Olean and Marazzi brands are basically sold through independent distributors. So first thing we did, by putting them together and bringing together, is that we offered a product offering to the distributors that support us, and we are getting increased commitments from those existing distributors to sell both brands. Second is, when we lacked independent distributors, we put the product together and we did a test in Las Vegas I believe it was, with both brands. Presently, we have that one operating. We have three more under construction at this moment, and we have plans for putting in 10 more to cover the other areas that we are not in. And that's the start of where we are for this year's plan
Frank Boykin: It was not really any kind of significant costs included in the first quarter, the way it would start up any of that.
Steven Kim - Barclays Capital: Okay. That's very helpful. Great. So it sounds like you are very enthusiastic about that opportunity. I want to follow-up on a question that you had gotten earlier about acquisitions, and I think it was Dave Goldberg, you'd answered in sort of an approach; a general approach that you take towards acquisitions, where I think you said that if you had got established management in geography, you are more willing to look to expansion, but you wouldn't do any kind of turnaround type opportunity in your new geography. So I guess the one thing that I am wanting to hear you articulate is, you have just done two pretty large and important and successful so far acquisitions. Is it your view that you have the bandwidth and the ability to expand the role that your existing management is doing or undertaking, or is it that you think that you are more likely to look into these new geographies, with strong management teams, as we look forward over the next 12 months? Because you talked about your balance sheet being very strong; but I was curious as to, what you though about the human capital element of the company, where that stands?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The existing businesses have the strongest management groups that we have ever had. In the last 12 months, they have shown how they can take diverse businesses, integrate them together, reorganize them and quickly in a short period of time, go through what many companies have difficulty doing. At the moment, we've had anywhere from nine months to 12 months with the business units we have, the basic building blocks are all in piece, and they are continuing to refine that. I would say that most of them would be capable of taking on additional integration things, sometime in the mid to end time of this year, we will have most of the stuff clearly laid out, and they will be able to take on additional challenges, as you go through. And the new geography just, we want to have the businesses being local. We want them to understand the local needs, and so when we go into new geographies, we want to hire local talent, among the best in the industry to start as a core basis that we can grow from, as you have seen us do in the other businesses.
Frank Boykin: And I would just add to that Steve that, we had, I guess, may be six different management teams between U.S. and Europe in laminate and ceramic and boards working on each of these three acquisitions in different regions. So we had a number of very experienced management teams out there.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: But really what happened is, there was a U.S. ceramic team. There was a U.S. laminate team. There was a European board team. There was a European laminate team. There was a European ceramic team, and then we used the existing management in the Russian business to manage it. So I mean, these things were broken out and there were lot of pieces, otherwise, it couldn't have happened.
Steven Kim - Barclays Capital: Yeah. That's really interesting and very important. Thanks very much guys. Really appreciate it.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: You're welcome.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jason Marcus - JP Morgan: Jason Marcus in for Mike. My first question has to do with the hardwood line piece of the laminate and wood business. Can you just talk a little bit about the pricing versus the lumber cost inflation that you saw in North America during the quarter, and how that might have impacted the wood margin? And also, can you remind us what percentage of the overall laminate and wood segment is hardwood?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The wood prices have still been rising. The wood prices have impacted margins. We are passing through the pricing. We have not caught up with it. Whatever pricing we put in, is still lagging. We are catching up with it. The wood business is positively contributing to our results, both in the U.S. and abroad, as we speak, and then what was the last part of your question?
Frank Boykin: I think your question was how large is the wood business, compared to the total segment, and its a small piece of the total segment. We do not disclose that number separately.
Jason Marcus - JP Morgan: Okay. And then, just in terms of helping us model the first quarter. Are you looking to [Indiscernible] with Marazzi and Spano sales were in the first quarter of 2013?
Frank Boykin: I don't think that's our intent at this point in time.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Some of the historical one, in these business integrations, we have gone into some of the businesses and walk away from pieces that were there completely, and others, we put them in new businesses; and part of the Pergo business, they used to sell outside people certain things. We exited their sales with some of the numbers are not exactly comparable. Operator, any other questions?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Stephen East of ISI Group. Your line is open.
Stephen East - ISI Group: Thank you. Good quarter guys. If I can just try one other way on the guidance? If I look at Marazzi and Spano that you have in your first quarter, you didn't have last year, just using round numbers, say $300 million or so of revenues. In the past you have said Marazzi is running at a 10% margin. If I run through that and also penalize that for added interest etcetera, I am looking at may be $0.25 give or take in the quarter, and if I back that out of your guidance, it implies to me somewhat of a flattish year-over-year for the rest of your business that you had in the first quarter of 2013. Is that an accurate way to think of that?
Frank Boykin: Stephen, I'd kind of try to go through this again. The first comment I'd make is that the margins that we have given from these acquisitions are annual margins, and so those differ, depending upon which quarter you are in. As we have said several times, basically, the consensus just modeled the seasonality incorrectly. I know its difficult, lot of moving parts, hard to do, but we have tried to help to divide it by giving full year -- our view of the full year annualization on that. The consensus is kind of right in the middle of what I view our range is, and nothing has really changed in terms of our business, how its going. Our expectations for the year or the quarter.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: If you go back and historically look at any one of the segments, you will see significant margin differences between the first quarter and other ones. You back to those estimates and not apply the same number to every quarter.
Stephen East - ISI Group: Fair enough. Does weather -- as you look at that guidance, does weather -- is this, you think, amount have been -- $0.10, $0.20 impact. I am just trying to get an understanding of what you all have seen so far coming through because of weather?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It had kind of an impact in the first half. Our assumptions are, by the time we get to the end, that we will pick up a large part of the sales, that the backlog will come down, and it will have an impact, but it would be limited. On the other hand, there still is Europe, we have had a warmer weather in Europe. This summer, the European counts were a little higher, offset the pieces because, just because [indiscernible].
Stephen East - ISI Group: Okay. I appreciate that. Then Jeff, when you look at -- when you get to, call it the end of the road in integrating your ceramic.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: There is no end of the road.
Stephen East - ISI Group: I knew that was a bad phrase to use. When you get through this initial stage of integration on ceramic, is this going to be a business? When I go back and look at what Dal-Tile did both before and after you all acquired it, the margins that you generated. Is this going to be a business that is similar to that higher, lower margins? I just don't know how much the business has changed over the years, and has changed because of the Marazzi acquisition?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Our assumption at the moment is, that the combined businesses will be similar to the historical business.
Frank Boykin: But we are going to continue to try to drive margins higher.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: But it's not high enough to historical ones.
Stephen East - ISI Group: Right. Okay. And if you looked at, between U.S. and Europe, would there be, meaningful differences there?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Europe, a huge difference. Europe, the whole market screwed were. We were -- four or five years ago, and the depth of the thing, the volume in Europe of the ceramic industry could be up 40% to 60% from the peak. So there is huge problems with the marketplace, with the capacity, and getting everything worked out. We are working through them and changing them. I think we can do well in it. But all I have to -- the economy has to pick up. We have already cut. Before we bought the business, they already cut the capacity to get it in line. We are adding more money, to get the capacity to be more efficient and to improve the product mix, which will help us whether the business picks up or not, and then with a little help, we help to get it back to a reasonable number.
Frank Boykin: In laminate, the Russian margins are very strong.
Stephen East - ISI Group: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood of Macquarie. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Just a quick question on the legacy ceramic business, you saw some nice growth in 4Q. Can you talk about, if there are any kind of pull-ins or demand for promotional timing? And also, which specific markets within the U.S. did you see as the strongest?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The ceramic business -- first is, we didn't do anything unusual in the period. The ceramic business, as you go through each of the different product categories, each one has different end use characteristics. So the ceramic business has a larger percent of it in new construction. So as the new construction business picks up, its going to grow fast. One of the reasons you look at the different products, they grow differently based on the participation in different parts of the business, which is why ceramic is going to grow faster than the average of the industry. So that was there, then I don't think there was anything unusual in the period.
Frank Boykin: All of the end markets in ceramic grew. New residential, new model residential and commercial.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Again, our position in the U.S. market, we have the strongest brands, we have the best distribution, we have a broad product line to take it through the marketplace, and we have lot of advantages. We lead the marketplace and the new printing technology, which we call Reveal. We lead the market. There is a new category called long wood [indiscernible] planks, that the older equipment can't make without investments in significant ones. We have product coming in, from our Mexican marketplace, from our Chinese manufacturing as well as from our European [indiscernible], which are where the imports are coming in from. We have manufacturing -- all of them are helping us. I mean, our position of the marketplace is really strong.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robert Wettenhall of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually [indiscernible] filling in for Bob. Talking about the growth trajectory of carpet going forward, the shift towards hard surfaces has been going for quite a while now. But it still seems that consumers prefer carpets in their bedrooms. How do you think the shift towards hard surfaces will play out going forward? Do you think that trend is pretty mature at this point?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think the trends -- I don't see anything that's going to change them in the near term. So I believe that as you look forward to see carpet growing, but at a lower rate than the industry.
Unidentified Analyst: All right.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: They see carpet growing at a slower rate than the flooring industry, which means it's still losing some share. But is still growing, relative to itself.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. We've heard from some other companies, they saw slowdown in new residential construction volumes towards the end of the quarter, given the decline in housing starts over the summer. It strangely slowed down as well, or if not, that's something you would expect in the first quarter?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: You could see at our ceramic business --
Frank Boykin: If we think about starts, the floors go in, and you work from six to nine months after the starts. So it's that aspect [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Dahl of Credit Suisse. Your line is open
Michael Dahl - Credit Suisse: Hi thanks. I wanted to ask about LVT, and just given the square footage growth we are seeing in that part of the industry, I would have thought that or would think that, that's an area that you may look to bulk up on, even more quickly than the planned roll out of the new plant by the year end. Can you talk us through -- kind of, will you continue to source some product, as well as that plant opens, or are you planning to shift all production in-house, and may be what the M&A pipeline looks like, if there are any attractive players that you don't look at?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The LVT business is growing. We are participating in already through importing products. We are participating in it, in the U.S. and Europe. In the U.S., we are participating in both the residential business, as well as the commercial business. We have product lines. We have implemented products in Europe, mostly in residential at this point, and we are continuing to extend our product line to participate in it. The plant we are putting up, is a plant with new technology, that has never been done before. We think its going to give us some advantages within the marketplace, and so we have to get it up and running, and work through all the things you do to get out new technology going, and once we get it up and working, we are ready to build new ones. But I am not going to build them out, till the first one is proven, and between, we will use that one to support it, as well as keep importing products, to balance out the [indiscernible].
Michael Dahl - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks. And then, second question on Marazzi. It seems like some of the new products coming out, or at least some that are being showcased are being produced in the legacy Marazzi plants, but under the Dal-Tile brand. Can you talk about just some of those roll-outs, how you are thinking about leveraging Marazzi's technologies, and what portion of its capacity is going towards your legacy brands?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let me answer the question a little different than you ask it. The plants are going to be set up to manufacture products. They are going to be set up to manufacture products by type, and whichever plant manufactures those products, the most efficiently and best way, that's where the product will be manufactured. We will use all the assets to manufacture all the requirements that we had. Second from that, we have a brand product and marketing strategy, which is taking whatever products we make in those plants, designing products that fit different needs. We are positioning Marazzi at the mid to higher end of the marketplace. We are positioning American Olean from the low to upper mid, and each of those will have products that combine, will cover the entire spectrum of the business. In addition of which, Marazzi had a limited position in the commercial business, so that combined line will enhance the commercial option going into it, as we go through. And in addition, Marazzi did not have a significant part of the wall tile business, which we are a large player in. So as we look through on the marketing side, we are going to expand our offering to the marketplace, so that American Olean and Marazzi are a combined offering, as strong as the Dal-Tile offering in the marketplace, from high to low, and they were going to utilize all the assets, all the technology and all the innovation, that make sure that we have the best products in every category.
Michael Dahl - Credit Suisse: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks and good luck.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard of Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: On Russia you talked about the moderation of the end market growth or the economy from [indiscernible] fiber tend to flat, and you are talking about the category being flattish in 2014. And then your profits also being flat in local currency in 2014. Can you just give us an update on, how quickly you are growing the stores over there via company controlled or company owned stores over there? How you think you should grow, relative to the market as a result of that, and then at the flat profits. How that works if that's a function of sourcing issues, and if that's a 2014 or sustainable flatter profit profile out of that market as long as the economy is flatter?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: First is, that the economy has slowed down and the ceramic industry has slowed. And I don't know whether it's going to grow at all, a little bit or be down some in 2014. Either way, we are going to grow our business. Now in order to grow our business, we are investing in new products and new organizations and new sales forces. In addition to which, we are going to expand the Marazzi stores at a market that's probably going to be about flat, the Marazzi franchise structure by about 10% this year, in a market that's going to be flat, and then within that one, our preference is to put most of that in franchise stores rather than in own stores.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: When you think about the flat profits out of the business this year, is that reflecting what the profits would look like in a normal year of investment, in this type of an end market? Or is this is an incremental year of investment? So in other words, if Russia is flat again in 2015, would you be in a position that you could grow profits?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Its two things, one is that the -- we are investing more heavily this year, at the same time, when the business slows to flat, we are anticipating some pressure in pricing in the marketplace, in addition to it. so what we are doing is, investing heavily, growing our business, in a market that's going to be flat, and well that is more pressure on pricing, because the other competitors are going to have to do something with their capacities. And so, we think that we are doing the right thing by investing now, as the business gets better, we think that our margins will expand and will have a bigger base and larger share.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Okay great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh of Stifel. Your line is open.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. Great year Jeff. I am sure the executive team and employees will appreciate the larger bonuses you're handing out. I have two questions, one on carpet and one on ceramic. The question on carpet would be, as we look at 2014, you have been in great position, a leadership position in soft, that's obviously expanded your margins. You know competition is trying to catch up. I am wondering whether you see any closing of the gap there, and any pressure in as well, all the development on the low end of polyester, whether there's any pressure there, or the things you've got going on with Continuum and continuing hammering on SG&A or whatever is going to allow margins there to expand, and a pretty good margin here in carpet?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The soft brand has been going on for probably four years. I don't know exactly how far back. What's happening is every year or so, the technology keeps getting softer, and the products better. So its not a new trend that has been happening. Whether in each one of those trends, we have been the leader in it, and have brought it to market first. We have also gone and all the product, all the raw material things from triexta, nylon and polyester, and the last one, polyester in middle of last year, with the first introduction of really soft, and for polyester. So that's moving. The good news is, that as economy improves and as people's home prices go up and people get more confidence in, more of them are going to trade up. So yes, there is more competition as it goes along, but the market should be growing much better, which is a good thing. I think that's the second part of your question.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Has it been at the low end or is --?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The low end piece, again, prior to this year. We had capacity limitations on it. So one is, we are focusing on it, the second is, it didn't allow us to do both at the same time. So we put our efforts more in the [indiscernible] ahead, less than total participation in the polyester piece. Last year, we agreed to put in, while the year before, we started putting in capacity to do it. In doing so, we liked to come to market not only with the same products, but with different technology. So not only did we do it, we brought technology to give us advantages in how the products looked and how the customer perceives, and an environmental story. And this year we took that, and put it and combined with a broad product offering from low price points, to as high as they go. We think we are really well positioned in the marketplace. With that, we are going to get a mix of things in my old product, that had high annual margin thing. We think the average mix of this we get through, is not going to be significantly different than the average mix of the other. At the same time, we get the benefit this year, which are going to help the margin, which is that, we are expecting to grow faster than the market, with all the investments that we have made. That would give us some overhead absorption positives. We are still improving our productivities and cost structures within the business, and we have done a lot of things to improve our cost position and the SG&A as well as in the manufacturing pieces, and combined, we believe we are going to still be able to grow our margins, while we are doing all of this.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Thanks for that color. Then on ceramic -- your 2% global market share, as we think out in 20 years, because I am sure you are going to be working at least that long, if not longer. What is the addressable market to you? What I mean by that is, I know ceramic is huge in China, I don't think China has gone really well for you. I am thinking, what is the addressable market of good markets that have good margin opportunity, that you could expand into or acquire into?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think the way you have to think about it is, we have to be able to go in and compete in the local marketplaces. What happens is, we have certain ethics in the way we run the business, that in some parts of the country, they don't use the same ones. So if they don't, [indiscernible] participate in those, until something changes in how the politics and laws work within the country. As we don't want to compete, and not be able to [indiscernible] on the same level. So that limits some of the places we can go, but there is a lot of places left in this world.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Hello Jeff, Frank, how are you?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Perfect. How are you?
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: I am doing well, thank you. Most of my questions have been asked and answered, just a couple of follow-ups. At what point do you anticipate on your commercial carpet business for you to begin to maintain or improve upon your market share, versus that of the industry, once the fiber transition is complete?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I expect it to occur this year.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Some time during this year?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Right.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Okay. Second question. You mentioned potentially looking at beachhead acquisitions in markets that you are not in, as long as you could find a good management team that's there. Are you a little bit more hesitant, based on what we are seeing in the emerging markets over the last month, month and a half or so? Are you a little bit more hesitant in doing it in some of those markets?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It comes down to price and value. But what happens is, it all depends on what you pay for them, and relative to what's going on, which is the hard part about putting acquisitions together. When businesses aren't doing well, they don't want to lower their expectations, and we, the buyers, don't want to pay for it. So, it just to work its way out through the process. Some come together, and some don't.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Last question if I might. You are saying that Q1 is going to be, normal seasonality from a historical basis. I know there are some moving parts moving around frank, but does that suggest them that you are not anticipating accelerating demand trends, as the year progresses, because the Q1 is looking to be a normal historical seasonal pattern?
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think that it's already built into. Our expectation of growing the business already assumes that things are going to get better. But to get to first quarter, we are assuming from all you've heard me talk about the last hour, as the economy is getting better, our industry is getting better, our participation is getting better, and so its built into our expectations.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Okay. I was trying to reconcile that with the earlier commentary that your nine to 12 month lag to housing and housing obviously, in the tail end of 2013, moderated a bit. And so, I am trying reconcile that Jeff, with your expectations that things continue to get better. So that's the more prevailing thought is, things will accelerate in your guidance, as the year progresses?
Frank Boykin: But Sam remember, housing, the largest part of our market here in the U.S. is remodel, that's over 50%. Commercial is 25%. So housing is [indiscernible] to the other piece, as well as with the small part.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Okay. I got it. Thank you very much, appreciate it. Have a nice weekend. 
Frank Boykin: Thank you.
Operator: I would now turn the call back over to the presenters.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We appreciate everyone being on the call. We are enthusiastic about the market and our position in it, and have a good year.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division Mike Wood - Macquarie Research Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Dillard Watt - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Ryan, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, November 1, 2013. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Chief Financial Officer, Frank Boykin. Mr. Boykin, you may begin.
Frank H. Boykin: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor conference call. We will update you on the company's progress during the third quarter of 2013 and provide guidance for the fourth quarter. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Today, I'll review our third quarter performance, provide a general overview of market conditions and later, discuss our fourth quarter guidance. As the U.S. housing industry recovers, the flooring industry results are improving, with ongoing growth in new residential construction and residential remodeling. Commercial construction and renovation continue to provide opportunities, particularly in hospitality. Mohawk's recent acquisitions have cemented our position as the world's largest flooring manufacturer, and this quarter, we reported the highest earnings per share -- adjusted earnings per share in our company's history. During the period, higher U.S. volumes, efficiency improvements and the performance of our acquisitions have supported our strong growth. Our earnings per share were $1.63 as reported or $2.02 excluding unusual charges, an increase of 94% over adjusted third quarter 2012 results. For the period, our sales increased about 33%. Our legacy businesses delivered solid sales growth, and our recent acquisitions contributed significantly to our increased revenues. For the quarter, we controlled our overall SG&A and improved our adjusted SG&A in our legacy business, while continuing to invest in samples and merchandising to support our new product lines. Our adjusted operating income increased to 11%, improving 350 basis points over the prior year, with growth across all of our segments. To deliver higher operating income, we have enhanced our product mix through innovative collections, improved our manufacturing and distribution efficiencies with new systems and processes and lowered SG&A. In our second quarter conference call, we discussed our ability to expand our markets and increase our profits through acquisitions. During today's call, we'll update you on the progress we've made integrating Pergo, Marazzi and Spano into our business through organizational restructuring, facility consolidation, cost reduction, relocation of production and assets, and new value-added product offerings. Additionally, shortly after launching our fourth annual sustainability report, a leading industry publication honored Mohawk with it's top sustainability award to recognize the exceptional success of the company's many green initiatives. As more attention has been focused on the health care in the U.S., we're committed to having the safest and healthiest industrial workforce by investing in preventative care, chronic disease management and processes that save money through higher quality care, and empowering our people to make better individual choices through training and educational resources. The recent U.S. government stalemate negatively impacted consumer confidence. Despite this, the fundamentals of the U.S. economy remain solid and we expect consumer confidence to get back on track after the recent agreements were reached by our government. Though rebounding, new housing construction has not yet risen to its historical average. The National Association of Home Builders projects a significant gain in new home starts next year, with volume rising 25% to 1,150,000 units. During the next few years, we anticipate housing will grow faster than the overall economy as the market expands to satisfy pent-up demand from the recession. In August, home prices rose for the 18th consecutive month, which should positively impact remodeling and lead to improved industry product mix as homeowners select more premium flooring options. For some time, remodeling spending has lagged its historical average, but we're seeing signs of improvement in Harvard's LIRA index, which forecasts stronger residential remodeling for the remainder of this year and 2014. Leading construction management consultants project commercial construction will grow by 5% in 2014, with hospitality strong and retail trailing. In our other markets, Mexico's rapid growth has cooled, but should benefit next year from the proposed opening of Mexico's energy sector to foreign investment, government stimulus and construction required due to widespread tropical storm damage. Many believe Mexico is the emerging market with the greatest upside potential. Russia's economy continues to experience headwinds and the government's taking steps to reignite economic growth through stimulus policies and lower interest rates. New residential and commercial construction remain strong, although remodeling has slowed in the overall Russian -- with the overall Russian economy. While the European market remains at a cyclical bottom, many people are predicting improvement next year. Northern Europe is outperforming the southern part of the continent as government policies transition from a focus on austerity to an emphasis on growth and investment. The flooring industry in Europe has not yet seen a significant improvement, with both the residential and commercial markets remaining below historical averages. In our carpet segment, the third quarter operating margin was the strongest it's been in more than 6 years, and operating income rose 50% over the prior year as a result of product mix, productivity, cost controls and volume leverage. We've focused on the residential premium product category with differentiated supersoft carpets that have higher margins, and we're transitioning our commercial collections to premium fibers, which we manufacture and provide better value to our customers and higher returns to Mohawk. With this transition, our commercial volumes have been temporarily impacted, but will improve as new products gain traction in the market due to their more competitive positioning. We are substantially increasing polyester production capacity, allowing us to put -- and expand our participation in the value category of the builder, multifamily and retail channels. We're introducing about 40 new polyester residential products in the second half of this year to expand our sales in this faster-growing part of the market. We fully executed our carpet price increases in the period and our selling prices are now aligned with our costs. Our adjusted SG&A continues to improve from cost reductions implemented during the year and are at their lowest absolute amounts since 2007. We have consolidated most of our carpet management team in Calhoun from multiple locations to enhance our collaboration efficiencies and speed of execution. And residential product mix continues to improve as we expand our industry-leading position in soft carpet technology. We are broadening our selection of SmartStrand and Wear-Dated Embrace with more fashionable, higher-style product to maximize our share of the premium soft carpet category. We're introducing a new premium Soft Appeal collection of polyester, with luxurious softness and a leading environmental story, utilizing our Continuum technology with up to 100% recycled content. As we expand our polyester offering to satisfy all styles and price points, we expect additional growth in 2014. We have completed our product realignment in home centers and are seeing accelerated sales growth. In commercial, our margins improved significantly with positive price and mix, while increasing the value proposition to our customers by utilizing premium fibers that we are manufacturing internally. Growth in hospitality continues to outpace other sectors by leveraging our specialized design capabilities, high-resolution print technology and collaborations with our ceramic business on large projects. Productivity and efficiency gains are expanding our margins as we reduce our cost through improved manufacturing processes, higher material yields and efficiencies from realignment of our assets. Significant investments in fiber and yarn production and reengineered materials have improved our costs. Distribution costs have reduced with cuts in infrastructure, higher truck utilization and improved productivity from new processes and systems. Our ceramic revenues were up 84% compared to the prior year through strong results in our legacy business and the Marazzi acquisition. During the period, operating margins grew 290 basis points to 12% as a result of higher volumes, efficiency gains and improved product mix. In the U.S., greater use of ceramic tile and new residential construction has driven sales growth higher than other flooring product categories. Our North American ceramic sales, which include Daltile, Marazzi and our Mexican operations, had a double-digit increase. We continue to optimize the value of our global ceramic assets by manufacturing products previously outsourced, moving production to the U.S. to improve lead times and margins, and utilizing our red body capacity from our new Mexican plant to meet demand in the United States. Additionally, we are launching, in our Daltile and American Olean brands, new products manufactured in Europe by Marazzi. A 2% to 4% price increase in the U.S. was implemented in August to offset higher energy transportation and other costs. We continue to expand the Daltile brand position as the complete provider of all products in all price points, enhancing our position with national and regional builders, and retailers who focus on the tile category. We are executing the initial stages of our brand realignment with American Olean and Marazzi lines. The combined offerings will satisfy all residential floor and wall tile needs as well as a broad selection of commercial products. Marazzi products are positioned slightly above American Olean in the residential floor tile, and American Olean closes the gaps in Marazzi's wall tile and commercial selections. This combined offering has been implemented in the Las Vegas market and, over the next 6 months, we will be launching in additional markets on the West Coast. We will also be offering our American Olean and Marazzi distributors opportunities to enhance their market position, utilizing both brands where it's appropriate. In commercial, we will begin offering higher-style tiles using Marazzi's Europe's unique technologies to enhance the design options for large commercial projects. We have realigned the U.S. Daltile and Marazzi ceramic operations with a unified management structure, including sales, marketing, manufacturing, product development and administration. During the first half of 2014, we will realign product manufacturing to improve asset utilization, customer service and distribution. The consolidated Daltile, American Olean and Marazzi business has strengthened our position in the U.S. ceramic market. Our home center and independent distributor market is now stronger and our product capability has improved. Efficiencies or gains through distribution and plant utilization in the U.S. are driving savings to enhance our margins. In Mexico, our new plant in Salamanca continues to improve its productivity, quality and cost. To offset the slowing Mexican market, we've reduced SG&A and we will optimize capacity utilization by selling products into the U.S. builder market. Our Mexican margins and market share are improving by shifting Salamanca production to higher-value products from promotional goods during its startup. In Russia, the ceramic market is softening with the general economy. We are improving our position and outpacing the market, though we have some pressures due to promotional activity by our competitors. Our extensive product offering and our strength in new construction in franchise retail channels have enhanced our market share during this time. This year's product introductions are performing well and are strengthening our differentiation as the style leader in the market. We are introducing channel-specific ceramic tile collections to increase our market opportunities, segmenting the commercial, new residential construction and home center channels. We have expanded our advertising campaign to strengthen our consumer brand awareness and enhance market perception. With the strength of our brand, we're receiving greater interest from local ceramic retailers and opening new franchise stores that only offer our ceramic brand. Going forward, we're increasing participation in new residential and commercial construction centers -- sectors that are presently growing faster than the remodeling category. To support this, we're expanding our personnel to drive specifications, and introducing value-priced porcelain alternatives for large new construction projects. Best practices are being implemented to drive manufacturing efficiencies, enhance our logistics and marketing tactics, improve product life-cycle management and SKU management, as well as reduce the costs of our materials and operations. We continue to support future growth in Russia through investment in new products, increased marketing and the expansion of our sales organization and production capacity. Our European ceramic delivered a solid performance, with increased sales in Eastern Europe, Middle East and the Far East, offsetting softness in Western Europe. To drive significant sales and operational improvements in Europe, we're implementing our strategy of a single unified ceramic organization rather than a country-by-country structure that existed before we purchased Marazzi. Within regions, we've consolidated the sales force to remove duplication of efforts and offer a comprehensive selection of products. We're improving the planning and manufacturing processes to reduce run sizes and working capital as we improve our inventory turns, though, in the short term, it is negatively impacting our overhead absorption. To lower our cost position, we're eliminating underperforming SKUs and introducing more decorative and larger-sized ceramic tiles to improve our product mix. We're enhancing our merchandising to accentuate the value of our products and introducing CRM tools for better customer support and market knowledge. To improve our styling and reduce costs, we've approved investments to upgrade our flooring production lines that will be installed next year. We are realizing synergies across our global ceramic business, and utilizing common vendors and sharing best practices across all manufacturing. Sales in our laminate and wood segment rose 37% over the prior year, with most of that increase coming from North America and our acquisitions of Pergo and Spano. Operating margins, excluding unusual and onetime charges, were 13%, up 380 basis points over the prior year, with significant growth of North American sales offsetting slower European markets. Our legacy North American business improved in all product categories and customer channels, driven by residential new construction and remodeling. The U.S. management team is focused on improving productivity and efficiencies across the combined Unilin and Pergo organization, optimizing flexibility to be more responsive and adding new capacity to satisfy demand for single plank laminate products. The in-sourcing of raw materials, maintenance services and boards was executed during the period. We have integrated Pergo's freight and distribution with the Mohawk logistics system to deliver improved service and greater efficiencies. Our Malaysian wood plant is running at full capacity, and efficiencies are improving with new automation to offset increased labor costs in the region. In our Russian laminate plant, we are leveraging higher volumes and local materials to reduce costs. In Ukraine, we've implemented our own distribution structure to maximize our sales as the country's economic recovery strengthens. In Australia, we are increasing our distribution through multiple channels and broadening our product offering with the addition of carpet tile. In both Russia and Australia, we have implemented price increases of 4% to 8% on laminate and wood to offset currency changes. The Pergo manufacturing facility in Sweden has been closed, and we are now producing Pergo-branded laminate in our Belgian facility. New products to update the Pergo line are being refined and we anticipate introducing them in the first quarter of next year. We've approved the construction of a new luxury vinyl tile line in one of our Belgian facilities, and the line will be operational by 2014. There are many similarities between LVT and laminate manufacturing, so we can leverage our technical design-and-click expertise to differentiate our products. Our European business continues to be soft. The most forward-looking indicators are predicting improvement in GDP, as a cyclical bottom appears to have been reached in the economy. To offset these conditions, we continue to control costs, introduce automation and deliver manufacturing efficiencies and material yields. Our new insulation board plant in France has begun production of our products. Our insulation board sales continue to grow significantly, and we're expanding our geographic reach with our new French facility. Roof panel sales continue to be hampered by lower home sales and new construction. We completed the consolidation of our Dutch roof panel plants to reduce costs. And we're enhancing our product mix with new panels that provide greater moisture and sound resistance, and are capable of spanning greater distances. Our board sales are under similar pressures from the European economy, and we are unifying our Unilin business and our Spano acquisition to reduce operating expenses and improve efficiencies. To date, we have closed a high-cost production line, we've reduced conversion costs, improved material usage and implemented a 3% to 4% price increase to offset material inflation. We will close a manufacturing plant in the fourth quarter to further improve productivity. We have consolidated our sales organization so that customers now have a single point of contact, and are broadening our product offering utilizing the combined assets. We've identified many additional opportunities to enhance the costs and productivity of our plants, which will be implemented over time. I'll now turn the call back over to Frank to review our financial performance for the period.
Frank H. Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $1,962,000,000, up 33% from last year. The increase was driven primarily by acquisitions, which accounted for 28% of the growth, and our legacy business was up 5%. Our gross profit was $517 million for a margin of 26.4%. Excluding restructuring, the margin was 27.7%, 220-basis-point improvement compared to last year due to strong productivity, coupled with increased volume and favorable price and mix. SG&A dollars were $341 million or 17.4% of sales. Excluding restructuring, SG&A was 16.9% of sales, 130-basis-point improvement compared to last year, due to a continued focus on managing costs and improved leverage on increased volume. Our restructuring charges were $37 million for the quarter, which included $14 million in noncash charges. In the fourth quarter, we estimate an additional $19 million of restructuring costs, all for our 3 acquisitions. Operating income, excluding charges, was $213 million, with a margin of 10.8%. This is an improvement in our margin of 350 basis points, driven by a combination of the performance in both our legacy business and our acquisitions. Our interest expense was $26 million, up from last year due to debt that we put on our balance sheet related to the acquisitions. Other expense at $3 million was up over last year and was impacted primarily by foreign exchange. Our income tax rate was 21% for the quarter and that compares to a 20% rate last year. We're estimating the fourth quarter rate at 20%. Earnings per share, excluding charges, was $2.02, up 94% over last year. If we move to the segments, in the carpet segment, sales were $773 million, up 3% from last year, with carpet volume and positive mix driving higher sales. Operating income, excluding charges, was $70 million, with a margin of 9.1%. This is a 290-basis-point increase driven by improvements in price/mix, along with productivity. In our ceramic segment, sales were $767 million, up 84% over last year. Our legacy business was up 12%, with overall growth driven by acquisitions. We had improvements in both our U.S. residential and U.S. commercial businesses. Operating income, excluding charges, was $91 million, with a margin of 11.9%, again, an improvement of 290 basis points driven by a combination of volume, acquisition performance, continuing productivity and leveraging of our SG&A. In the laminate and wood segment, sales were $451 million, a 37% improvement over last year. On a constant exchange rate basis, our legacy business was flat, as weakness in Europe was offset by stronger North American business. Operating income, excluding charges, was $58 million, with a margin of 12.9%. The improvement was from acquisition synergies as well as productivity. In the corporate and eliminations segment, we had a loss of $7 million and expect the full year to be about a $30 million loss. On the balance sheet, our receivables ended at $1,154,000,000 and include $328 million from the acquisitions. Our DSOs for the quarter were 48.2 days, flat with last year. Inventories on the balance sheet were $1.6 billion and include $387 million from acquisition. Inventory days ended the quarter at 108.5 days, up primarily due to the acquisitions. We've improved both our acquisition and our legacy business DIOs, but still have some work to do. Fixed assets ended the quarter at $2,684,000,000. Total capital expenditures for the quarter were $109 million, with depreciation and amortization of $82 million. We anticipate $410 million of capital expenditures and $315 million of depreciation and amortization for the full year. Finally, free cash flow was $104 million for the quarter, resulting in total debt of $2.3 billion. Our leverage improved to 2.3x debt-to-EBITDA, as we generated good cash flow in the quarter. With that, I'll turn it back over to Jeff.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Mohawk today is in the strongest position in our company's history. We have substantially grown our profits and expect continued improvement next year. We have the most effective management team ever, and each of our segments has a well-defined long-term strategy to improve our business. With our Pergo, Marazzi and Spano acquisitions, we are quickly moving to drive synergies, lower costs and increase topline growth. We have already executed many initiatives to improve the performance of these acquisitions, including implementing new strategies and organizational structures, upgrading marketing tactics and product lines, and reducing costs through best practices and closing high cost assets. In our legacy businesses, each segment has defined significant opportunities to deliver improved results as the U.S. business strengthens and we strategically invest in our products, capacities and organization. With these factors, our guidance for the fourth quarter earnings is $1.66 to $1.75 per share, excluding restructuring or acquisition costs. We have an aggressive improvement plan for 2014 and beyond. Over the next few years, we intend to expand faster than the economy as our category rebounds in the U.S. and abroad, improve our costs and efficiencies across our new and old businesses, and expand into new product categories and markets. We have the management strength, the balance sheet and the vision to maximize returns to our shareholders. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of quick questions, and I'll defer to others. First off, the carpet margins, trying to get a sense -- they were terrific. How sustainable would they be? I understand that you have some more capacity coming online, you've got a new polyester mix that may degrade the overall margins a little bit, you've got the new fiber after the transition for the commercial business that may impact mix and margin. How should we look, Frank, at the carpet margins over the next couple of quarters or so?
Frank H. Boykin: We'll tag team on that, Jeff and I. I would say that the margins in the carpet segment over the next several quarters will continue to improve as we compare them on a year-over-year basis. Remember, we'll have seasonal impacts in both our sales and our margins, depending on what quarter we're in.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The margins improved from product mix, productivity and cost savings, which should continue. We're really focused on the SG&A costs as a percent of sales and we continue to improve our cost controls, as well as we've made recent reductions this year. We expect higher sales from expanding the polyester that you mentioned, which should help the topline, and then the commercial expectations are that we'll have higher growth and improved margins in it also.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then the final question would be, I understand in October, the industry has been much improved. Do you expect that to potentially continue into November, December? What do the year-ago comparisons look like in November and December versus that of October?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Typically, October and November in normal years will be similar as you go through, then it falls off as you hit the end of the year. It's anybody's guess, but we think we're going to continue at the rates we're at.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim from Credit Suisse.
Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: It's actually Mike Dahl on for Dan. I was hoping to follow on, on the margin angle. I guess, you guys have certainly maintained an intense focus on productivity and bringing down costs. And I think we're all hoping for the type of improvement in demand that some of those forecasts called for that you noted. But could you characterize what maybe -- what inning you think you are in as far as progress on margins, absent any meaningful rebound in demand? How much juice is really left there?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In all our businesses, we believe that we can keep improving the margins through all the actions that we've been taking over the past few years. We made substantial investments in our capital this year. We're going to make more next year than we made this year. We believe -- at the longer-term outlook, we really believe that sales rates will improve next year in the U.S., that assumes the government doesn't stop it. We've had really strong growth in the ceramic piece and -- though we're expecting that to slow somewhat. In Europe, we believe that there'll be a slight increase in the sales, but it has some risk over there. We've seen in Russia, as we talked about, the economy slowing, so we assume that growth will slow a little bit -- will slow there, but we expect to outpace the economy there. Given all those things, we still see the acquisition synergies are on track, but it's going to take full execution. That'll go beyond 2014, but there'll be many things implemented during the year. So we see the margins continuing to expand as we go forward.
Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then moving on, the vinyl tile line, when you say up by 2014, should we assume -- is that a 1Q? And how should we think about the amount of capacity that represents and what it can do for sales here?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The plant is being put up in Europe. What I said was it will take most of the year to get the plant up and operating, so the impact will be more in the 2015. However, we are selling LVT that we're importing from around the world into the European market as well as the U.S. market as we prepare for that.
Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And any sense of -- just the amount of capacity that you're bringing on?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The capacity will probably be about $100 million worth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: We had started to see some improving residential repair and remodel trends, really, late spring, early summer. Could you talk a little -- discuss a little bit more what you're seeing in the market now and, based on your past, what you would project forward for the residential repair and remodel trends? In particular, are you seeing particular types or price points doing better now, that, say, you weren't seeing 6 months ago?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: As you look at the different pieces, our remodeling business in the carpet was doing better because of the aggressiveness we're taking in the high-end part of the marketplace. We're tending to see some improvements overall, though it got a little softer lately. We think that as the home prices go up, people will become more and more comfortable spending money on their existing houses as we go through. So I mean, we're still optimistic about the remodeling business improvement.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: We're also hearing the market that there's just been a little bit more of a focus with you in particular, and I would say taking market share, but you've spent a lot of time, understandably, integrating several major acquisitions and are taking some specific efforts to further enhance your U.S. carpet sales. Could you discuss some of these programs and maybe talk about -- and I know you brought in a higher-end product this year, but what you're doing as you plan for the next 18 to 24 months in terms of product and sales programs?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We've continued to upgrade and drive the product categories. In the residential carpet, we're continuing to support the higher-end products, but we're presently in the process of introducing about 40 new products in the polyester category with new technology we call Continuum. The Continuum technology is really differentiated, where we can produce products with up to 100% recycled raw materials, as well as they have better attributes. Our commercial business, we've been transitioning our premium products to fibers we produce, and this provides a better value to the customer as well as higher margins. Though in the short term, it's impacted the top line a little bit, but we believe it's going to significantly enhance our position. We think we're well positioned for the market as it changes. We've done a lot of things to enhance our sales execution in the marketplace, use better information tools to drive change through our organization and be able to communicate to our customers better. So we believe we're well positioned as the market improves.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim from Barclays.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: It's Steve Kim from Barclays. Two questions related to topline, if I could. First in ceramic, I was intrigued by 2 things you said. One, you said that you expected to expand your integration, which you -- a process, which you've started in Las Vegas, over the next 6 months in West Coast. Just want to make sure that -- that seems to suggest that you've had some success, initial success in Las Vegas, I just wanted to confirm that. And then also, if you could talk about -- in North America, you said that you thought that your sales were up double-digits, but should slow somewhat in '14. I thought that was surprising because what we just talked about, this integration going well in Las Vegas. And then also commercial really hasn't rebounded quite as strongly as we think it can, and neither with remodeling. And so I was just curious if you could put a little more color around that expectation for '14 in light of what we just talked about.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: What happened is neither the American Olean nor the Marazzi line were complete lines by themselves. And so by owning the 2 together, we're starting to merchandise them as a comprehensive offering to the customers. The first initial attempt at it was in the Las Vegas market. In addition, we had some service centers around the country that Marazzi had. They had a limited number that only sold their products. We had some in our side of the business that only sold American Olean. So the first thing is to convert those all to complete lines, so we can attract all customers in the marketplace and broaden the offering to both. In both companies, we have -- opportunities on the West Coast seem to be the greatest ones to begin with, to pull those together. And at the same time, both of those brands we sell through a distribution where its strong. So in markets where we're using third-party distribution, we're going to offer those customers the opportunity to have a stronger product line also. Depending upon the success we have at it and what happens in the marketplace, we'll determine how fast we roll it out over the next few years. The other question, I guess, is when we look over the marketplace, our growth in ceramic this year has been really high. And what happened is we've been able to grow it through new product introductions. There's new -- we're leading the market in wood looks out of ceramic, which are growing rapidly because they don't have all the problems of real wood, but you can't scratch them. So we've really captured a large part of that business. We believe they're all growing. We just think it's going to be hard to have that happen again next year.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well, that's fine. It always makes sense to be conservative, so I appreciate that color. My next question relates to laminate. You had talked about the fact that in laminate, sales overall, legacy were flat, European down, North America up. My understanding is that North America represents a minority share of the sales in that category. And so my expectation was that North America was up pretty well. I just wanted to understand, is there anything out there that you have had -- been benefiting from, like a sell-in to a major -- from a major product line win or anything like that, which we have to think about as we model -- anniversarying something as we model out to 2014?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Remember, with the purchase of Pergo, Pergo was the major supplier to the high-end laminate through the home centers. So together, we now have the dominant share of the laminate business that's manufactured in the -- or sold in the U.S. as it -- so we have a much bigger position. So that business, we've been able to improve as we go forward. In Europe, the market is still tough. People are spending less. I think it's probably a lot like the U.S. market, where the home side of it is getting hurt more than the general economy. When people cut back, they cut back there. So we'll probably lag a little bit in Europe and improvement of it as the European economy gets better. I forgot what part I didn't answer of your question.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well, I was asking about was there a sell-in, because you -- I was referring to the legacy business, not so much Pergo. Was there some sort of a -- something that would cause a difficult comparison on the legacy side, the Quick-Step side in North America?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't think so. I think I'm missing something in answering the question. We also have a wood business in our piece. The wood business is increasing sales, too, in the U.S., so that's helping the U.S. side.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, maybe that's it.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It may be the wood piece.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood from Macquarie.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Can you give us some color in terms of the higher growth that you're seeing in the polyester side of carpet? Is that cyclical because of the low price point at this point in the cycle, or is it more permanent because of new product development and the relatively lower price points of that category forward? Say, can you just give color on that and sort of how you're positioned from a mix of polyester versus nylon?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The answer to all your questions is yes. Polyester has become a more value proposition than the other pieces in the market, which is causing it to grow. It is participating across the spectrum. We are leading it in the higher-end part with soft ones. We have not participated fully in the more value categories, and we are taking actions to fully participate in that going forward.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Great. And also, I believe you had previously commented that, for the carpet segment, high single-digit operating margins, maybe more mid-cycle. And you hit 9% in this quarter. Last time you did that was 2006, and your sales are 37% lower. Given the updates in terms of -- should we still be thinking about high-single-digit operating margins as normal in carpet or have you changed that?
Frank H. Boykin: Michael, we were -- what we've been talking about is kind of an annual margin number. So you're looking at the third quarter there, which is one of our strongest quarters in terms of topline and margin, so I would say the answer is no. We're still saying kind of the normal run rate, and normalized environment is going to be 9%, 10% range.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Listen, I have a saying we use around here, "You're halfway there." So wherever we get, we're expecting to go higher.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My first question has to go back to, I think, the biggest area of positive surprise for you guys, on the carpet margins. And if you look at 3Q versus 2Q, you essentially did the same amount of sales, but you did another 200 basis points of margin. A real strong sequential improvement. And so, just trying to understand, number one, what are the biggest drivers to that? I mean, you've mentioned a bunch of them in terms of mix and productivity, et cetera, some positive price as well. But I was hoping if you can break down the drivers of that. And then looking forward, it does appear that in 4Q, you are looking, at least on a consolidated basis, for margins to slow sequentially or to soften sequentially. And so, just trying get a sense of, again, number one, particularly in carpet, the drivers of the sequential improvement, the degree of magnitude there. And number two, why would the margin soften sequentially on ostensibly a similar number of sales?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Sequentially meaning next quarter or sequentially meaning next year?
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm really just talking about 2Q '13 to 3Q '13 in the first part of the question, and then 3Q '13 to 4Q '13 in the second part of the question.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: All right. First is -- I'm not sure I got it exactly right. I think that the SG&A from second to third dropped about 1%. And the 1%, as a percentage, was driven by a lot of actions we took to reduce the different costs, and we keep working on it. And I don't -- when I say reduce it, I don't want you to think we're cutting back on the things that impact the future business. We're investing in new products, we're investing in marketing, we're investing in sales groups in order to do it. But we are cutting out the things that don't give us the returns that we want. On the other side, with the manufacturing piece, we do have the improving mix. That continues as we keep selling a higher amount of higher-value products and it growing, which is one of the reasons that the sales weren't quite as high. We were so focused on driving the high end, the high end didn't grow as fast as the lower end process, which we're in the process of fixing. In the improvements, besides mix, we continue to cut cost everywhere. We continue to realign the plants. We continue to upgrade the products with the manufacturing assets, with the investments we're making. The team is really working on maximizing all the pieces. And the things we've put in place over the last 4 or 5 years are paying off.
Frank H. Boykin: And Mike, on your other question regarding the sequential change in margins from Q3 to Q4, if we have that right, that question. Normally, again, it's a seasonal issue, where sales are down and margins are generally down when you compare to the preceding 2 quarters.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, the last part of December, there are very few people who buy carpet at the end of December. So I mean, we have very little sales once you get past the first week.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. No, I appreciate that. And I guess, just looking forward into 2014, when you talk about the successful focus on mix this year that's occurred as you've focused more on the higher end in carpet. At the same time, you've spent a lot of time talking about polyester and a lot of new products there to address more the commodity side, I believe -- or not the commodity, but more the value side, which does have a little bit of a lower margin. So just trying to get a sense, for next year, everything else equal, if you're just thinking about mix, would that have a positive or negative impact on margins in '14, given that you're still probably going to see some positive follow-through from the higher end?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Is that a carpet question or a total product question?
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just carpet.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The carpet, we expect the high end to keep selling more. You're correct that we're going to sell more of the mid to low price that are going to have not quite as much margin. At the same time, we're expecting an increase in the volume, which is going to give us absorption, the positive pieces there, and we're going to continue managing all the costs that we've been. So I mean, were expecting an increase in margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari from UBS.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A question for you regarding the pricing increases that you've been putting through. As things have gotten better, are you noticing that your pricing power's improving any, so that maybe you're able to get not just the offsets to the input costs that you're -- the higher input costs that you're seeing, but potentially just getting any true pricing that's coming through in there?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, we always attempt to. We have to react to the market and we have to sell at competitive market prices. I'm not sure whether it's a lot of extra price going in to -- other than all the actions we're taking to improve our mix as well as reduce our costs across -- in general. At the same time, we have to keep absorbing all the cost increases of labor and insurance and everything else that goes on. We have to offset. Not so easy.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right, right. Okay. And then in terms of -- are you seeing people moving up in terms of the kind of products that they're choosing? Is there a less sort of a move down and maybe that trend is slowly reversing itself, and you're getting people that are instead choosing to move up to a better product now?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think it's bifurcated. The people with money are trading up and buying better, but there's a whole lot of people in the mid to end that have limited discretionary income. And I'm not sure there's a lot there being moved up. It would also help if our government would help maintain our confidence in what's going on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: At the risk of beating this carpet margin issue to death, I wonder if I can just go back and kind of pick up on Mike's question, and he asked if you could explore the individual buckets. And I guess I'm going to ask you if you -- if there's any way you could help us by kind of weighting the individual buckets in terms of the influence of that 290-basis-point margin lift?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't have the details of that to break it down further, other than to give you the pieces that caused it.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Would it be -- with the 3 -- you talked about mix and operating and leveraging cost reductions. Would they be relatively equal in terms of their impact on that 290 basis points or was mix, by far, the biggest element?
Frank H. Boykin: I would say that productivity is actually the largest component of the improvement, but mix would be right up there with that.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, that's helpful. What are you modeling for revenue growth in carpet for the fourth quarter?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We typically don't give very specific pieces. We give you the total that we expect it to be, and you can see the trends that we're at.
Frank H. Boykin: We'd expect it to go up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill from Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Frank, I guess I'll just ask the same question backwards. In the third quarter, where was the upside relative to your initial guidance?
Frank H. Boykin: Relative to our initial guidance?
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Yes, for the third quarter earnings. In other words, you were performing probably about 10% better that what you guided us to. I'm just curious where the upside came from.
Frank H. Boykin: Are you just in the carpet segment?
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: No, no, no. It's the whole business.
Frank H. Boykin: Well, I think...
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Relative to the EPS guidance that you put out there last quarter.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes. So I would say we probably got a little more productivity across all the businesses than maybe what we were originally estimating, and the mix was a little bit better.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Also, we -- the new acquisitions, it takes a while to make sure that our financial reporting and estimating in the future -- we keep improving it. So we think we've gotten much better from where we were 6 months ago. And every quarter, we keep enhancing our confidence in the future numbers.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: And by that, Jeff, do you mean the benefit of the acquisitions was better than you thought 6 months ago?
Frank H. Boykin: Well, you're generally -- to Jeff's point, you're generally a little more conservative, probably, when you're looking at outlook numbers, forecast numbers, until you become a little more comfortable with the business that you just bought.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Okay. And then I think -- could you get a little bit more specific on what you're seeing in Europe? I think the phrase of yours was that it was soft. But are the rates of either decline or modest growth changing at all relative to what you saw over the last few quarters?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'm not sure. The overall business in Europe of our legacy businesses was probably down about 4% overall. We have some categories, like insulation, growing. We've got other categories off more. So they are all over, depending upon what it is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Two questions. First of all, you mentioned a strong October earlier. I'm just wondering if you can talk a little bit about the pace of business through the quarter and if 4Q is expected to then be materially different than 3Q. The second question relates to the acquisitions. And I'm curious how you would characterize where you are in the cycle of integrating these businesses in terms of the effort, and also what the payback curve should look like and where that should terminate.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Okay. I think that what we're trying to get across with the sales was that as we went through the third quarter, we saw some softening as we went through. And we think that in the October, it looks like it's going back to more normalized levels that we had anticipated. And what was the second question?
Frank H. Boykin: Well, on the acquisition synergies, in each of those 3 companies' acquisitions, I would say they are pretty much on track with where our initial plans were. Obviously, the Pergo acquisition would be further along than the other 2 because we closed on it earlier. But -- and we'll see improvements. We're seeing some this year. We'll see more next year. But it's going to carry on into -- beyond 2014 before we complete the execution of all that.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: With the acquisitions, I mean we closed up multiple plants already. We have integrated the organizations. I mean, we have some things that we're looking to make some large investments to throw out old assets. Those things take a while to do. We're watching and trying to learn about the businesses. I mean, they'll continue through '14 and '15.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Hughes from SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just going back to the carpet question again, with the refocus on polyester. As you go into the market, other than price, what would be the drivers to take some share back in that market?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, we have a huge customer base that typically likes us. We have a very broad offering. We're going to expand and have differentiated products. We're the only company that can offer recycled products. I mean, in the high end, we're going to be offering 100% recycled products which the consumer likes. We think we just can execute well in the marketplace, and then we expect to be competitive.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Second question, on ceramic tile. As you put these 3 businesses together, American Olean, Daltile and Marazzi, the concept of doing retail ceramic tile, like you're doing in Russia, in the U.S., is that something that could be on the radar screen?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We don't see any way that it's appropriate for the U.S. marketplace. In Russia, what happened was there really was a lack of distribution and retailers and methods to go to marketplace. They -- at points and places there, they sell stuff out of the back of trucks in fields. So it's just an immature market that allowed us to be in that position at this point. The U.S. is very mature, and it wouldn't make any sense.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zener from KeyBanc.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Gentlemen, with the success in the Marazzi acquisition in the U.S., I wonder if you could -- you talked about a 2% to 4% price increase to cover costs, can you describe how the competitive landscape is changing, given your size and your distribution, and how your competitors -- fragmented competitors, largely, I guess, imports, have been responding to date?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think it's a little early to either know or answer the question. Most of the things we've been doing are on the backside of the business about how we operate it to get in place. We're looking to utilize best practices across the business. We're looking to improve the design of the products. We now have a broader offering of the products. And then, you're right, we're going to go to market in a stronger position. The competitive position is that a larger and larger amount of the U.S. needs are being manufactured in the U.S. There's companies in Europe that have opened or are opening manufacturing in the U.S. to try to participate in it. And so in most of the markets, the majority of it comes out of the local manufacturing. So we see that as a positive and we're well positioned for it. On the other hand, we also have -- where most of it's coming in from is either China or Mexico, are the 2 biggest pieces, and we have positions in both markets so we can support those. So we think we're well positioned. What everybody else is going to do, they'll have to develop their own strategies.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Understood. And could you -- since you mentioned China, it hasn't been, obviously, something you've been talking about in terms of the JV. Any comments there would be appreciated.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The Chinese market, there is dramatic overcapacity in the marketplace that's going on. We have reduced our costs in the marketplace to improve our manufacturing within it. We're upgrading our product line within it to improve the margins. We're getting benefits out of exporting products that make sense to bring to the U.S. and Mexican marketplaces. We're manufacturing specific products in our plants just for those marketplaces. With our sales in Marazzi, we have sales forces around the world that we think we can utilize those capacities to ship more around the world, and we have opportunities to achieve it. We're not achieving the profitability that we would like over there.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dillard Watt from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Dillard Watt - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Going back a little bit on the -- your comment about perhaps being a little more -- or a little less conservative on forecasting acquisitions. Wondering if you maybe could give us an update in terms of have you changed what you think your synergies can be in the various acquisitions or are we still maybe at the same level? Just if you could kind of walk us through the 3 acquisitions, let us know if there has been any changes to the synergy estimates.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We had a fairly good estimate of what we were going to do with each of the acquisitions. We had a long list of opportunities with each one that we're in the process of executing as quickly as possible. We're moving down those things. If I had to give you any surprises about the acquisitions, the positive ones would be the U.S. market is doing better than we had expected with Marazzi. The European market, we had really anticipated dropping more in sales. We're surprised positively by shipping stuff to other marketplaces to keep the sales up. The Russian business, the surprise there is the economy was growing probably 4% to 6% higher a year ago, and we anticipated the Russian marketplace staying better, so it's declined a little more than we had expected. The transition with Pergo is going as expected. We hope to come out with new product lines to really enhance the position of Pergo in Europe, because their assets were really outdated, and we can significantly improved the value and styling and design that we bring to marketplace and that should be executed in the first quarter. The Spano business, we're going through -- it's going to take longer because there's more changes in realigning the assets of Spano, because the 2 companies are basically in the same marketplaces and so there's a lot of opportunities to realign the manufacturing assets. We said we've shut down one line and we've announced the closing of another. There are other opportunities to take advantage of them. And the businesses, in some cases, there are some major capital investments that can be done in some to throw out even older, poorer assets than we're doing. And some of those will take more than a year or more from the time we order them to get them and implement them. So I think we're going right along where we had expected, and no big surprises.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd turn the call back over to the presenters.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We believe we're well positioned in the marketplace. We believe the U.S. marketplace is going to keep improving. There's a good chance that Europe has hit bottom and will improve. We're executing well, and I'm really proud of our management and how well they are implementing all the changes and adapting to the marketplaces. We appreciate your support. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC Mike Wood - Macquarie Research Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jason Aaron Marcus - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shelby, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries' 2013 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, August 2, 2013. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Frank Boykin, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Boykin, you may begin your conference.
Frank H. Boykin: Thank you, Shelby. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor call. We are pleased to be here today to provide an update on our progress during the second quarter of 2013 and guidance for the third quarter. I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. And thanks to everyone for joining us. During today's call, I'll review our second quarter highlights, assess market conditions and later discuss our third quarter guidance. The U.S. flooring industry continues to improve with new residential construction up significant for the year, remodeling gaining strength and commercial construction continuing to grow. Mohawk is the world's largest flooring manufacturer and our second quarter was the most successful in our history. We had strong revenue and profit growth, as both our legacy business and recent acquisitions delivered strong performances that exceeded our expectations. Our earnings per share were $1.16 as reported or $1.84, excluding unusual charges, an increase of 61% over adjusted 2012, our best second quarter on record. For the quarter, our sales increased about 35% as reported or 34% on a constant exchange rate, supported by 6% growth in our legacy sales and the balance from our recent acquisitions. Our adjusted SG&A improved 110 basis points, as we continue to control our costs. Our adjusted operating income increased 9.8%, an improvement of 190 basis points. In the first half of the year, we invested approximately $1.85 billion in 3 acquisitions: Pergo, Marazzi and Spano, which were financed advantageously with 10-year bonds at 3.85% and low-cost, short-term debt. Our second quarter results affirmed our strategy of acquiring complementary companies that we can leverage with our existing business to facilitate market expansion and increase our profit. During the period, we made significant progress in integrating our new acquisitions, including realigning organizations, consolidating plants, reducing cost structures, relocating production and assets and enhancing our product offerings. We're also pleased to be recognized in the U.S. as the flooring manufacturer of the year by industry retailers and commercial customers in a survey conducted by a leading trade publication. Our second quarter performance reflected our ability to execute our growth strategy, along with signs of an improving U.S. economy. The housing sector is seen as a leading component of the U.S. economic improvement this year. The National Association of Home Builders forecast 955,000 new home starts in 2013, with expectations of continued improvement through 2014 as new home construction returns to its historical averages. Harvard's LIRA index, which measures remodeling investment, forecast significantly higher residential remodelings for the remainder of the year. The June's Architecture Billings Index, a leading indicator of nonresidential construction, remained positive, indicating a steady demand for commercial construction. Commercial loan originations are up almost 10% over 2012, reinforcing a positive future outlook. In our other markets, Mohawk is poised to become the world's 10th largest economy this year, even as the country's pace of growth has somewhat slowed. Russia's economic minister, in his mid-July statement, expected new monetary policies to improve growth in the back half of this year. The European market remains soft, with Northern Europe outperforming the Southern part of the continent. These overall economic conditions mirrored Mohawk's second quarter performance. Our legacy North American sales were up 8%, while the balance was down slightly due to weaknesses in Europe. As a reminder, before we review our segment performance, we revised our segment names to reflect our larger and more complex business. As I review the 3 segments, note that our carpet segment was formerly referred to as the Mohawk segment. Our carpet (sic) [ceramic] segment was previously called the Dal-Tile segment. Our laminate and wood segment was identified as the Unilin segment. Our carpet segment second quarter sales increased 5% over 2012, with carpet sales outperforming rugs. Sales rose to their highest level in more than 4 years due to improving residential new construction and remodeling, continued commercial growth and improved rug sales. Our operating margins expanded 100 basis points, as higher volumes, improved sales, along with greater manufacturing and SG&A efficiencies, offset material costs. Rug sales improved with a focus on new distribution channels and product categories. During the period, carpet price increases were implemented, but lagged raw material inflation by approximately $6 million, as we anticipated, and will align with our cost during the third quarter. In residential, sales in the specialty channel showed substantial growth, while our home center business improved with the completion of our product transactions during the period. The momentum of our next-generation soft products remained strong, and during the period, we extended our soft technology into polyester fiber with the launch of our EverStrand softer feel collection. These new products, along with our SmartStrand Silk and Wear-Dated Embrace, extend Mohawk's leading position and provide our customers with 3 distinct value-added propositions. We're also introducing a new attractively priced polyester collection under the Image brand, targeting retailers that stock carpet in their stores. In commercial, corporate hospitality, retail and health care continue to outperform the other channels. We're aggressively expanding our Duracolor commercial carpet collection, made from Mohawk's premium fibers, which provide a greater value to our customers and unparalleled performance. Our carpet tile sales continue to grow, outpacing our commercial broadloom during the quarter. We are currently benefiting from the many strategies we have executed over the past few years, resulting in enhanced product innovation, reduced manufacturing complexity, improved operational efficiencies, lower-cost materials and higher yields. We continue to improve our quality performance and service level as well as reduce our administrative costs. We're installing additional extrusion and yarn [ph] assets to support continued growth and enhance our cost position. Revenues for the ceramic segment have almost doubled with our Marazzi acquisition, compared to the prior year. And they're now comparable to our carpet segment. Operating margins have expanded 260 basis points due to improvements in both our legacy business and Marazzi. Our North American sales were up in the low-teens, including both our Mohawk and Marazzi brands and our Mexican business. Residential growth in the period was driven by new construction and improved remodeling, outpacing our commercial business. We've launched a new builder collection to enhance our product selections for large homebuilders. We see signs of continued growth in residential remodeling in both our specialty and home center channels. We announced a 2% to 4% price increase in ceramics, effective in August, to offset higher energy, transportation and other costs we have been incurring. Our statement's retail ceramic program continues to gain momentum with commitments for about 140 boutique shops that improve the sales and margins of our retailers. Sales of our ceramic planks that resemble natural wood are growing dramatically. We're in the process of increasing our production of plank tiles to support their continued growth. American Olean and Marazzi brands complement each other, and we will market them together to provide a complete line of residential floor, wall tile and commercial tile. Additionally, in Las Vegas, where we lack strong independent distribution, we're testing distributing both brands in a single service center. We anticipate these actions will enable us to maximize the market position of all our brands. Our strong commercial sales organization and comprehensive product offering are expanding our specialist specification to large national hospitality, retail and other commercial accounts. We have reorganized our U.S. ceramic management to operate the U.S. Marazzi and Dal-Tile business as a single company reporting to our North American Ceramic President. We have realigned our organization to leverage our sales, product development, manufacturing and logistics organizations. We're beginning to import products from Marazzi Italy to replace ceramic purchases from other manufacturers. Our business is benefiting from sharing best practices between Dal-Tile and Marazzi that will result in many improvements going forward. In Mexico, our new plant continues to improve its productivity, quality and cost. We have expanded our customer base as well as our product line. Our sales mix is improving as we transition to higher-value products from promotional offerings used to start up the facility. Our Mexican sales have increased as we anticipated, and our margins have expanded as our sales mix and cost have improved. We've initiated new capital investments to expand our North American wall and floor tile production to support our continued growth. Our Russian ceramic business continues to perform well, with double-digit sales growth and leading ceramic margins. The Russian industry has slowed with the economy, resulting in more promotional activity in the market. Our integrated distribution model is increasing sales to the stronger new construction market, offsetting the less robust remodeling market. Our new 2013 product collections are outperforming our expectations, with plank tiles featuring wood looks expanding at a rapid pace similar to North America. We've increased our advertising budget to support our brand strategy and growth in major markets in Russia. Our productivity and logistic costs are improving with more automated equipment and enhanced processes. Our market penetration is growing as a result of our new product introductions and the addition of more franchise stores. To support our continued growth in the Russian market, 2 new production lines will begin operation by the end of the third quarter. Our European ceramic sales were up slightly, with expansion in Northern Europe and exports to other markets offsetting soft conditions in Southern Europe. We've implemented a new European organization, which is executing significant sales and operational improvements. We've changed the organization structure to manage as a single European business rather than the historical country-by-country basis. We have reduced the infrastructure to improve our cost, reduce manufacturing -- restructured manufacturing into a unified operation, realigned the sales organization to offer our entire product line to all customers and are expanding our premium product offering. We have completed an analysis of our product line and are introducing more decorative, larger-sized tiles while rationalizing underperforming SKUs. New products are being manufactured for Dal-Tile to introduce into the U.S. market. New investments in equipment are being made in Europe to lower our cost and further enhance our capabilities. In the ceramic segment, we are leveraging the best practices and knowledge of all of our operations across the enterprise to enhance our product development, supply chain management, productivity, distribution and marketing strategies. Sales in our laminate and wood segment were up 33% over last year, with the majority of the increase coming from our acquisitions of Pergo and Spano. Operating margins, excluding unusual one-time charges, were 13%, with significant improvements in North America and acquisitions offsetting weakness in the European markets. Our legacy North American sales were up double-digits with strong growth in residential new construction and home centers. With the addition of Pergo, we now have a leading position in both the North American specialty retail and home center channels and lead the premium laminate category with the best brands and differentiated products. We have integrated the management teams of our U.S. Unilin and Pergo businesses, so we're operating as a single entity. We have reduced SG&A expenses, consolidated administrative functions, increased manufacturing productivity and eliminated redundancies. We've increased the output of the North American Pergo production lines and started up a mothballed Unilin laminate line. We are in-sourcing paper and prevention [ph] maintenance and some board requirements, which Pergo was outsourcing. We are manufacturing Unilin's laminate accessories in the Pergo molding plant. And we are leveraging our company's freight and distribution capabilities to improve efficiencies. Our Malaysian wood business, Australian distribution and Russian operations continue to improve, while our European business continues to face headwinds with our legacy sales down slightly and margins under pressure. The Pergo integration in Europe is also well underway and will create significant synergies. We will be expanding Pergo's distribution in both residential and commercial, with a focus on the brand's higher durability and performance features. We've begun manufacturing Pergo-branded products in our Belgian and Malaysian factories. And we are in the process of closing both of the Pergo manufacturing plants in Sweden. This will allow us to enhance the product offering with new technology and substantially improve Pergo's profitability. The production will be entirely moved in the third quarter and new collections are being produced to update the European Pergo product line this year. We will maintain local warehousing in Sweden to ensure industry-leading service in the region. European energy and conservation policies continue to drive our insulation board growth. In addition, our polyurethane composition has enhanced thermal properties that is gaining share from other types of insulation. Our new insulation plant in France will begin production in the third quarter, expanding our capacity and geographic reach. Our roof panel sales are lower, along with a decline in new construction in the Netherlands and France. The consolidation of our 2 roofing plants in the Netherlands will be completed in the third quarter to improve our costs. Our legacy board sales were flat, with margins down somewhat in the period. The market continues to be difficult, and we are adjusting to the economic environment. We closed the acquisition of Spano during the period and have identified many opportunities for synergies. We have restructured the management and sales organization of the board operations. This will help us expand the product offering and distribution, optimize manufacturing assets and reduce infrastructure costs. We anticipate maximizing the use of the best assets, reducing manufacturing complexity, eliminating product movements and replacing inefficient assets to further improve both the productivity and our cost position. I'll now turn the call over to Frank to review our financial performance for the period.
Frank H. Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $1,976,000,000, up approximately 35% as reported, or 34% on a constant exchange rate basis, and include an incremental $416 million from our acquisitions. Legacy sales for the quarter were up 6% compared to last year. In the U.S., new residential, residential remodel and commercial all grew while Europe remained slow. The performance of our acquisitions exceeded our expectations in the quarter. Our gross margin as reported was 26%. However, excluding charges, the margin was 27.7%, up 80 basis points due to higher volumes, better mix, cost initiatives and our acquisitions. Our SG&A for the quarter was $381 million or 19.3% of sales. Excluding charges, it was 17.9% of sales and improved 110 basis points from cost reductions, better leverage and lower Unilin amortization of $10 million. Our restructuring charges for the quarter were $60 million. Total restructuring and acquisition costs are estimated to be $120 million for the full year, of which $45 million to $65 million is expected to be recovered from future real estate sales over time. In the second quarter, the $60 million of restructuring and acquisition costs that were incurred include $42 million for Marazzi, $15 million for Pergo and $2 million for Spano, with $1 million in other categories. The $60 million was comprised of $14 million for legal, accounting and banking fees, a noncash $19 million charge for the inventory step-up and $27 million for restructuring, primarily related to the Marazzi reduction in force and the Pergo plant closures and related relocation. In the second half of 2013, we estimate the $50 million balance of restructuring charges will include an additional $14 million for a noncash inventory step-up and the rest will be for plant and infrastructure consolidation, product changes and system conversions, which are being finalized. Operating income, excluding charges, was $193 million, with a margin of 9.8%. Operating income dollars are up 66% from last year, with our margin improving 190 basis points. EBITDA, excluding charges for the quarter, was $275 million, with a margin of 13.9% or a 120 basis point improvement. Interest expense grew to $25 million with our increase in debt from the acquisitions. Our income tax rate was 21% compared to 18% last year. And for the full year, we expect a rate of 20%. We had a loss from discontinued operations, which was $1.4 million for the quarter or $0.02 per share. This includes a loss from the operations of a noncore Marazzi sanitary ware business held-for-sale. Our earnings per share, excluding charges, was $1.84 and is up 61% over last year. If we move to the segments. In the carpet segment, our sales were $771 million, an increase of 5% over last year. We had volume increases in all of our end markets, with improvement also driven by price increases and mix. Our operating income in the segment was $55 million or 7.1% of sales. This is an increase of 100 basis points and related to volume increases and mix improvement. In the ceramic segment, sales were $760 million. This was an 88% increase over last year. The increase was driven by the Marazzi acquisition and volume increases in our legacy business. Marazzi contributed $310 million to sales in the quarter. New residential, remodel and commercial all grew over last year. Operating income, excluding charges, was $88 million or a margin of 11.6%. Operating income dollars were up 144% over last year. Our margin improved 260 basis points. The Marazzi acquisition, volume improvement and cost savings all contributed to the margin growth. The Marazzi results will be included in Mohawk for only 9 months in 2013. Their full year sales last year were $1,160,000,000, and we expect a 4% to 5% growth rate in 2013, with a margin of 10% to 11%. In the laminate segment, sales were $471 million, or a 33% improvement over last year. Acquisitions and North American growth offset a slower European business. Acquisitions in the quarter contributed $105 million to our sales. Operating income, excluding charges, was $59 million with a margin of 12.6%. The operating income dollars were up 44% with lower volumes and mix improvement in Europe, offset by higher volumes in North America, as well as earnings from our acquisitions. Pergo and Spano sales were $500 million combined last year, after excluding discontinued raw material sales and products previously dropped. Both are expected to be down in 2013 due to a slower European economy. Pergo will be owned for the full year and Spano for 8 months, with combined margins estimated at 7% to 8% this year. In the corporate and eliminations segment, we had an operating loss of $9 million. We're expecting the full year loss to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million this year, with the intercompany profit eliminations impacting us more as we grow our top line. On the balance sheet, receivables ended the quarter at $1,146,000,000. This includes $300 million of an increase from acquisitions. Our days sales outstanding were flat to last year at 47 days. Inventories at the end of the quarter were $1,592,000,000. $410 million of the increase in inventories came from acquisitions. Our days inventory outstanding were flat to last year at 106 days. Fixed assets at the end of the quarter were $2,594,000,000 and included capital expenditures of $83 million during the quarter, with depreciation and amortization of $81 million. We continue to anticipate full year capital expenditures of $380 million and depreciation and amortization of $315 million. Total long-term debt was $2.5 billion. Total net debt at the end of the quarter was $2.4 billion. And that compares to net debt on a pro forma basis at the end of the first quarter of $2.5 billion. Our net debt-to-EBITDA improved to 2.6x compared to 2.8x at the end of the first quarter on a pro forma basis. Cash flow from operations in the quarter was $153 million, with free cash flow of $70 million in the period. I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Our performance during the second quarter underscored the value of our recent acquisitions and our ability to integrate them into our business. Our talented management team is focused on driving our historical businesses while optimizing our new acquisitions. We've quickly identified and executed many significant changes during -- including new organizational structures, cost improvement, asset consolidations, realignment of marketing strategies and the enhancement of our product offering. We continue to make the necessary strategy changes and investments to improve our profitability. We're committed to bringing innovation to the marketplace in all our products. And our new acquisitions have enhanced our ability to realize this. We anticipate improving each of our product categories with our strong brands, efficient manufacturing, innovative products and broad distribution. We are increasingly confident in the continued strengthening of the U.S. market. And we believe that continued job growth, expanded new home construction and greater remodeling investments, along with our new acquisitions, will improve our future results. With these factors, our guidance for the third quarter is $1.81 to $1.91 per share, excluding any restructuring or acquisition costs. With business improvement and acquisitions in 2013, we anticipate the fourth quarter seasonal decline to be slightly more than in 2010 and '11. Our second quarter result demonstrate our ability to grow our legacy businesses while delivering positive results through acquisitions. Mohawk is a global business with the knowledge and expertise to effectively compete in local markets while satisfying regional trends. While Mohawk's product and geographic presence have dramatically broadened over the years, the constant that remains is our commitment to operational excellence, continuous innovation and the satisfaction of our customers. We'll now be glad to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Baugh.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I wanted to inquire on the acquisitions, where you think you are in terms of timing of executing the full realization of synergies and if you could do that by the 3 acquisitions. And then whether or not any of the 3 opportunities on the synergy front are perhaps greater than when you first acquired or analyzed the business.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: With the new acquisitions, we expect over the next few years to be able to improve the operating margins by about 2% to 4%. In addition, we believe there'll be revenue growth, which should continue. We've made significant progress in the integration. Some of the pieces are in our control and some aren't. Some of the things that we intend to do include putting new assets in. That could take 2 years to get them in before we realize all those. So the actions that we're doing include realigning the organizations, which we've done; consolidating plants, which is an ongoing process; reducing costs in all parts of the business; relocating production between the plants to optimize the plants that produce it; as well as enhancing the product lines to do that.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So Jeff, where do you -- first inning, third inning, fifth inning?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Listen, some of the businesses was only owned for about 30, 45 days. You could say we're further along on Pergo, but we're not as far along on Spano.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zener with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Looking at tile in Mexico, where you've been, obviously, expanding your capacity as you bring in new product. Could you discuss the growth you kind of had in that market, and how much was share gains and organic? And you talked about Russia as well, in terms of a bit more promotional activity. I know that's, obviously -- I believe that was about 1/4 of Marazzi, if you could go into that as well?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We'll try to give you some feel for it, but we don't break out specific products and sales in each of the parts or the margins of each.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess, if you were just taking share in Mexico, if that was half the growth -- and then if in Russia, what's happening there -- and -- because it's a hard market to understand, I think, from our perspective.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, in Mexico, we put in capacity of -- new capacity of, I think, just under $100 million about a year ago, little less than a year ago. During the year, we have gotten [indiscernible] because it takes over a year to get it up to the efficiencies. We're getting close to where we'd like it to be. By the end of the year, the cost in the new plant should be pretty close to the same as every other facility that we have. At the same time, we started promoting product to use the new capacity, using lower-value products as we're training the people and the production is running through the plant. And what we're doing now is moving it to higher-value products in the marketplace. We still have a limited share of the Mexican marketplace, and a large amount of room to grow. We believe in the marketplace that our customers are looking for alternatives to purchase product from. So we believe we're a good alternative with a product offering from the top all the way to the bottom. In Russia, the market is very fractured market. We believe we're the largest participant in it. Nobody in the market has more than mid-teen market shares approximately. So there's a lot of opportunities to grow in Russia. We have a management group that's been there for a very long time building the business from a very small business to where it is today. We have the integrated structure there, where we manufacture the product. We have distribution across the country, all the way up to retail and franchise stores to move the product to market. In this period we just finished, we've started doing more advertising in the major retail markets in order to enhance the value of our brand and become more aware of our products in the marketplace, which is helping us overcome the slower growth in the economy. What else? To offset sales, the softness in the marketplace, we're also increasing our sales into the new construction part of the market, which still did not have the decline or softness that we saw in the replacement marketplace. In addition, I guess, in Russia, we've come out with a brand-new product line in the first of the year, and it's being accepted better than we had anticipated. So we think we're doing well, given the structure. We believe we have a long-term opportunity to grow in the categories we are as well as expand into other markets.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: The first question, Frank, you mentioned that the acquisitions were coming in ahead of expectations thus far. Can you just talk a little bit about where that is? Is that top line or cost and maybe even by geography?
Frank H. Boykin: We're not prepared to talk about them individually. But we have, I would say from a margin and bottom line standpoint, probably better performance than what we had anticipated.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Okay. And then on the nonresidential side, I think you've talked consistently that, that's been a growing market for you. Could you maybe break that down between ceramic tile, carpet tile and then broadloom carpet just to kind of understand the puts and takes within that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: So we're not prepared again to give you specific numbers. We could tell you that the commercial market is still growing for us in each of our segments. It's growing on all the pieces. The ceramic segment has a larger portion of commercial than does the carpet segment. I think we've given before that it's about 40% of our business in that segment. And in the carpet segment, we're seeing a change in it as the commercial tiles continue to grow. So we're having very high growth rates in our commercial tile, taking share from our broadloom business. We see going into the fall a continuation of what we've been seeing.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: But broadloom is growing still?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Can you give a bit more color in terms of the positive mix shift in carpet? So that's mainly coming from area rugs or new product introductions? And essentially, how sustainable is this? Is this a one-time snapback or a cyclical shift or just a continued product evolution?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We've been working for the last 4 or 5 years, our strategy is to improve our business, improve everything within it. And they're starting to pay benefits that we have. We're seeing better mix from higher-value products, and we've been talking about leading the soft category with -- we have 3 different pieces within it driving it. We have better volume going on in our carpet business, which is helping our cost. We continue to improve our manufacturing costs, and we continue to control our SG&A costs, all of which are benefiting the margins.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Okay, got it. And also in the Belgian -- the melamine business with Spano acquisition, I believe you said in the past that there was some tougher price discipline in that market. Since the acquisition, have you attempted any price increases or had any success there?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We have not done anything. What we've done so far is we've restructured the management and sales organizations to put them together. We are getting the products, so each one had some slightly different product. So by putting the sales groups together, we could offer the product offering to a broader customer base. We're optimized -- we have the potential to optimize the manufacturing assets. We believe that reductions in infrastructure, we can do to improve it. We're just in the initial stages of developing how we're going to get there.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim with Credit Suisse.
Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is actually Mike Dahl on for Dan. Appreciate all the color on the various initiatives across the business. I was curious about on the ceramic side, you mentioned you're testing this distribution strategy, the single center distribution in Vegas. How should we think about the margin opportunity from that? And is this a sign that if this were to go well, you'd explore broadening that out to other markets as well?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: You have to go back to what the strengths and weaknesses were of each of the brands prior. The Marazzi brand basically focused on medium- to higher-end residential floor tile. And they were trying to drive their business through that. In our business under American Olean, we have a commercial product line, which they don't offer. We have wall tile they don't offer. We have a broader pricing spectrum of products we cover. And then we also offer assorted things in installation and other packages to give a full package to the customer. What we're doing is offering to both our distribution customers as well as where we have weak distribution, the combination of offering both brands to our customer base together. And that will allow us to have a complete line, competitive with our complete Dal-Tile line. And we believe that doing so, we'll be able to attract more customers and increase both the brands' penetration in the marketplace.
Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then also on ceramics, could you quantify what percentage of SKUs were impacted by the product review? And also talk to the margin differential between some of the larger decorative tiles and some of the weaker SKUs that you're discontinuing.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't have the detail of the SKUs. There's a significant number of low-productive SKUs in the Marazzi Europe line that we're going to remove from the line. At the same time, due to limited capabilities and equipment, they were limited in how much of certain higher-value products they could make. We've agreed to increase the capacity, make changes in it to improve the amount of the higher-value products we can do and restructuring the manufacturing. They ran the business. They had plants in different countries in Europe and they ran them each fairly independently. What we're doing is running them more holistically. And so by moving products around, we have capability short-term of producing a different mix of products. We think it's the right thing to do and we'll continue down that path.
Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And any quantification on just what you can do on a margin basis from those higher-value products?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: A minute ago, we gave a view that said that over time, we expect that the margins of all the acquisitions collectively over the next few years, we'll be able to move it up 2% to 4%. This is about as close as we're going get you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with the Cleveland Research Company.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Two questions for you. First of all, Europe, can you clarify what you're seeing and expecting in Europe? I know you talked about Pergo and Spano being down this year and Marazzi being up, but I know there's different pieces there. Could you just cut through and talk about what you're seeing in terms of demand in the Europe market in the first half and expectations for the second half?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The Southern part of Europe continues to be weak. We're seeing declines. The Northern part tends to be better but also declines. We have different product categories that are more related to new construction versus remodeling, and you're seeing differences there. Country-by-country, there are significant differences. Going forward, our hope is to have limited downside and possibly be at a bottom. We don't know.
Frank H. Boykin: The other thing, Eric, I would point out is that if you look at our 2 businesses over there, Unilin, Unilin is primarily in middle and Northern Europe, which countries are performing better, as you know, than Southern Europe. Marazzi does have a presence in Southern Europe. But as we've talked about, they've been able to offset a lot of that. Their businesses in Europe have been able to offset all of that. A lot of that with exports into other areas around the world.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: And then secondly, the management changes that you've made as you consolidated the new businesses within tile and laminate, could you just speak a little bit of what their marching orders are? I know you've spoken of the focus on improving profitability. But interested in how that is balanced relative to accelerating sales growth and market share.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'll try to repeat some of the things that we talked about. In the U.S., we're operating both together as a single entity, that we are looking at combining the 2 brands here, which we think we can increase penetration both through distribution as well as the areas where we don't go through distribution. We believe that the combination of those will allow us to increase the penetration of those. We believe that the equipment can be optimized by taking the products that fit which plant best across the entire enterprise and increase the productivity and cost structure of those. In the European business in ceramic, I mean, we're changing the business philosophies dramatically. They used to run the business as a country-by-country basis, almost as independent businesses. We are -- we have put a single management structure over the top, where all the manufacturing is reporting to one gentleman. All the sales are reporting to another. That we are taking the product lines, which they used to go to market separately, and we're going to put them through all of the -- a unified sales force to drive those. We are focused on increasing our business in areas in Northern Europe. We're focused on increasing our business in Northern Africa and other countries around. We are increasing the amount of premium products through short-term changes, as well as new investments to allow those to occur, which will take some time to maximize. What else can I tell you?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari with UBS.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You mentioned that you're seeing a definite improvement in the repair or remodel side of demand in several of the segments. And it seems like this is the first quarter that we've heard about that in quite some time. Can you give us some more details around exactly what you're seeing there? Is it increased sales? Is it people moving to a higher price point in terms of product mix? Just some sort of sense of what's going on there.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In all of the different channels in both the businesses, we're seeing growth through the specialty store channel. We're seeing growth in the home center channel in both cases, as well as the other parts and pieces of them. We believe that it's being driven by several things: One is that increasing home prices around the country is giving people more confidence to put more money in their homes. The economy, though not growing as much as we would like it to be, is growing and there's more people working in each one. We're seeing some -- and it's harder to get because there's a lot of moving parts. We believe that as that goes further, the people that spend money on remodeling tend to purchase higher-quality products and should improve our mix as we go through in all the different categories.
Frank H. Boykin: I'll add on the mix side though, Susan, it is still early, a little difficult in the cycle, a little difficult to evaluate mix. With price increases that we've had in new products and prebuying that's going on, it's a little difficult to evaluate what's going on with mix.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then have you guys seen or heard sort of anecdotally that there's been any changes in demand? Are consumers having any reaction to the fact that rates have moved at all? Is that impacting their ability to maybe finance projects or the way that they think about taking these things on?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're not getting any input in either direction on that.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Wanted to ask you guys, what are you seeing in terms of raw material costs and pricing initiatives to offset it? It sounds like it's kind of at loggerheads right now. Any color would be terrific.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Each one of the businesses have different things driving it. So the carpet business, we're in the middle of implementing a 4% to 6% price increase that we announced some time ago. We talked about the lag and recovering it and that we anticipate to cover it now. At the moment, we haven't seen significant changes in it. We continue to watch it as we go through. In that area, some of the chemical prices are under pressure. However, there's some increases in the oil prices. So we're just watching it and we'll have to react to it. In the ceramic segment, we have the natural gas prices have gone up and the gasoline prices on the trucks, and in that business, we sell a lot of it delivered. So we've announced a price increase in the third quarter to try to recover those changes and some others with it. In the wood business, the lumber prices on the solid woods and the engineered woods are going up. We've announced 3 or 4 price increases this year. We're still implementing those. Hopefully, we're reaching a peak.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's very helpful. So your carpet sales were up 5%. This is the best growth rate since the fourth quarter of 2011. So that's obviously an exciting development. Is this mid-single-digit growth rate, in your opinion, based on what you know now, likely sustainable during the back half of the year?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're hoping that the present trends will continue.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Jason Aaron Marcus - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is actually Jason Marcus in for Mike. The first question is going back to the ceramic segment for a minute. So you saw a really impressive improvement of about 260 basis points in the quarter. I was wondering if you could let us know, kind of in order of magnitude, how much of an impact the higher volumes had relative to Marazzi and the sales mix? And then in terms of the year-over-year progression in margins for the next 2 quarters, do you think you'd be able to maintain the same type of improvement you saw in the second quarter? Or do you think you will maybe even be able to improve that even more in the back half?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Jason, it's all built into the estimates we gave you. We gave you an estimates for this quarter. We tried to give you some view of the seasonality of the businesses in reference to history. And you should be able to get pretty close.
Jason Aaron Marcus - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of the different industries that you sell to on the commercial side, like education, office, health care and government, I'm just wondering if you could quickly run through the trends that you're seeing in each of those.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I guess, just high level, the corporate, hospitality and health care are the strongest markets that we're seeing in the different pieces. We see that they'll continue like they're going at this moment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: At the risk of being overly simplistic -- and I do respect the fact that you don't give a whole lot of details around your guidance, but I'm looking at the third quarter guidance that, frankly, shares -- results pretty similar from an EPS standpoint in Q2, yet you've got a lot of things that are sequentially better in Q3 as you suggested. You've got the fair carpet pricing in Q3. You've got no FIFO impacts like you had in Q2. You've got higher prices in ceramic and wood and the volume has also accelerated through the quarter. So I'm just confused as to what the offsets there exist between Q2 and Q3 on the negative side that would cause you only to be hitting in the same general area as you did in Q2.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: If we could get the Europeans to quit going on vacation for a month or so in the third quarter, you wouldn't have the same result. So it's all got to do with what happens in Europe, the majority of it is what's happening in Europe and around that they all take off, which is -- it always happens every year.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I would think though that the overall volumes there will not be all that dissimilar Q2 to Q3. So is that the area of conservatism that you see that you're baking in there, is you're not sure where European margins shake out?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: No, the European sales are less.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the last question I would have, Frank -- and if you mentioned this on the call, I apologize. Available liquidity as it stands and where would you feel comfortable where that liquidity needs to be for you to make a fairly substantial acquisition going forward?
Frank H. Boykin: We're at $300 million right now available on our revolver. And with regards to acquisitions, we continue to look at anything anybody brings us. But we're focused right now primarily on integrating those acquisitions, and we'll continue to pay down debt. And the other thing to point out that has happened favorably is our debt-to-EBITDA ratio has continued to improve. Just from the first quarter to the second quarter, it's improved significantly, so we'll continue to drop that.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're expecting the ratio to continue improving significantly. So it's not a matter of being able to get the money, it's a matter of being able to have the management to tackle how many things at the same time. And we think we have the capability to buy other ones, it'll be greater over time. And if we find the right ones, we'll take actions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with the Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Wanted to pull the string a little bit more on ceramic margins, both in the quarter and looking forward, not only just for the back half, but over the next 2 to 3 years. First, for the quarter, how much of the over 260 basis points year-over-year improvement was to the core business versus acquired -- just relatively higher acquired margins? And as we look into the back half of the year, how should we think about Marazzi? Then finally, you originally had targeted a 13% to 15% type margin over the next several years. Do you think that there could be upside to that target?
Frank H. Boykin: So look, a couple of questions in there. I'll see if I can hit them all. The first thing I want to point out is with these acquisitions. As I talked about last quarter, as we get further and further along in the integration, it's very difficult to pull them apart and say x amount of the margin improvement came from the acquisitions and the other amount came from other things that we're doing. So we really can't address that. With regards to the future, looking out over the next couple of years, we are expecting our ceramic margins to get back up to the kind of 13%, 14% range that they've run historically.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It would also help to have Europe improve a little bit, has a lot of upsides.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Do you think that there's possibility for upside beyond that 13% to 14%?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: One step at a time.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Okay, great. And if I could sneak one last in, how much of America's low-teens growth in ceramic was Mexico versus the core U.S. business?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The core business is so much larger than the other. It's basically setting the pace. The other one is a small part of the total.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: I guess, for starters, Frank, in the past, you've given some guidance on contribution margins of ceramic, carpet and wood. And I'm just wondering how the acquisitions changed those numbers you gave us in the past?
Frank H. Boykin: I think we're still in the same vicinity as what we've given you in the past, about a 20% contribution margin in carpet and mid-20s for ceramic and upper 20s to 30% range for laminate.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then the 2% to 4% margin improvement on the consolidated numbers you discussed earlier, I just wanted to clarify, how much of that was restructuring and how much of it, if any, is just the operating leverage off the top line growth?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It's all of the above.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: So that's everything, all-in, you expect at margin improvement?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: And then finally, just because Sam brought up the M&A question, if I could tag on there. Most of the category growth, at least in North America, has been in hardwood and LVT. And these are both categories where you've got a fairly limited presence or you're sourcing products. So I realized you've got your hands full right now. You're integrating, you plan to pay down debt. But can you just talk about where, within your M&A priorities going forward, these 2 categories may stand?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We have a significant wood business. We have a limited LVT business that we're importing products into U.S. and Europe. We're in the process of building an LVT plant in Europe. It should be up and running sometime next year. As that one proves itself out, we would be prepared to expand into those categories in other geographic markets.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: First question, within Pergo, the plant closures in Sweden you'd referred to, when would those be completed? And when will all the costs have been incurred on that process?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The completion will be by the end of this quarter. The operations will be moved to our Belgian plant and be supplied out of our Belgian plant. And the cost, I guess...
Frank H. Boykin: Most of the cost will have been done by the end of the third quarter.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There's some in the fourth -- there's some later because there's product transitions and other things and updating the product line in Europe. So some is -- Frank gave you some numbers earlier about the rest of second half.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I don't know if you mentioned this in the prepared segments, but on Spano, I know there's going to be some manufacturing rationalization there. What kind of timeframe are you looking at on Spano?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're still evaluating the opportunities. There are a number of plants close to each other. And the opportunities are, can we move the -- use the best assets and the place? Should we put more investments in? We haven't concluded yet.
Frank H. Boykin: Nothing's been announced.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then finally, you had some positive comments on the press release on rugs. I know that's been a problem for some time. Do you think rugs year-over-year will be a growth category for you in the third quarter?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The sales have improved. What's happening in the rug business is that as the retailers perceive the cuts -- we tend to sell a large portion of it to discounters, mass merchants. And over the last year or so, they've been compressing the price points, trying to make them more available for people with incomes that are getting squeezed. So we're having a significant problem into average value as they compress it. We're spending a huge amount of effort trying to bring them higher-value products that they can sell at higher price points. So it's a compression of the prices that's our biggest problem.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: So not really units, compression of prices?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes, the retail price points.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Retail price, okay. Is that -- you think it's going to turn positive? Or we've still got some work to do with them?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It's better than it was, but we're still working on it.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Barclays.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Jeff, this is probably a question for you. I was curious if you could give -- talk a little bit about the evolution of your management style. And in particular, I'm curious as to whether you can give us some sense for how you -- what current bottlenecks you see in your current -- the way you currently have your management structured, how you have -- how you monitor what's going on in the field and how you allow the operation to make decisions, as well as you have. If there's any bottlenecks that we should be -- or that you're primarily thinking about, which you might need to address as you contemplate becoming an even bigger and more global organization?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think that what was just taken on in the last 6 months is a huge piece of acquiring as many businesses and as many continents and as many different product categories that we have all at the same time. The reason we're able to handle it is because of the management structure. Within the management structure, I have a Chief Operating Officer, who's over the business and helps me execute these strategies across the business. Under each of those, we have 3 segments: We have basically a carpet segment, a ceramic segment and a laminate and wood segment. Each of those has a President that's driving the day-to-day strategies and executing the business. Then under each of them, we then have different product managers, category managers, channel managers. And collectively, we set the tone for where we want to go. We have very good process in the place we've built over the years. Going into the year, we go through a strategic planning process. We come out of that with very specific things that we expect to accomplish over the next 12 months. They put together cost savings programs, product innovation programs. They assign it down through the organization to different people within it. Monthly, quarterly, they review the progress on those and keep adjusting them as necessary. And we have a really good progress to execute. You've been listening to all the things that we're doing in these different acquisitions. I mean, there are hundreds of pieces moving all at the same time. Each one of those acquisitions falls under a different manager. For instance, within the laminate business in Europe, there's one group that's driving the changes with Pergo, there's another group driving the changes with Spano in each one. There's another group driving the U.S. changes in Pergo under the U.S. management. And so each one is broken down into segments with different ones, so no one group has to take the challenges of any one piece. I think we're well-setup for the long term. The management is the strongest it's ever been. The systems and processes continue to get stronger every day. And I think being able to handle this and all the different activities we've got going on shows what -- how it's working.
Stephen S. Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well, certainly so far, it's been working great. So I appreciate that color. I guess, my next question relates to Marazzi and the Pergo acquisitions, both of which you're doing integration work and seeing opportunities for expansion both domestically and overseas. I was curious if you could share with us kind of a generalization as to whether you feel that -- where you feel for Marazzi and Pergo more of the opportunity or low-hanging fruit exists, whether it be domestically or overseas for Marazzi and also then for Pergo?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Each of the businesses have unique opportunities. We talked through a lot of them in the last hour. The U.S. business, the operations side of the Pergo business, there's ways of improving it. They were starved for cash and putting them together, utilizing the best assets across it, internalizing things, like board production both in Europe and there. They had simple things like they were outsourcing maintenance. I mean, it's all being in-sourced as we speak. There were things like the raw material supplied in different pieces, we're internalizing those. In Europe, the Pergo assets were put in -- most of them were 20 years old and outdated. The reason we're closing the plants up, it costs more to fix them than they're worth. We can leverage the assets where we are by closing the assets there and moving them to our other plants. They go from having the worst assets in the industry to having the best assets in the industry. On the Marazzi side, the business in the U.S., I mean, it was running really well when we got it. We're looking for synergies across the pieces, in marketing, branding and product. Increasing distribution, we think a big opportunities. Europe, the European ceramic industry from peak to bottom is off like 50%. So they had already done many changes to do it. The big opportunity in Europe is to reduce the infrastructure costs, which we -- we have many things going on to improve the asset quality and to broaden the product mix. And boy, if we ever get any help in the marketplace, I mean, we have big upsides in it. The Europe -- the Russian business, I mean, is running well. We just have to keep feeding it capital and keep looking how to grow it in other areas that they're not in over time. All have good opportunities. We've got them all lined up and we're going after them all.
Operator: And there are no further audio questions.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining us for our second quarter. Have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Stephen Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mike Wood - Macquarie Research Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Angela, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and CEO of Mohawk Industries, you may begin.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Good morning, and thank you for joining our First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Joining me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review our Safe Harbor statement and later our financial results.
Frank H. Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Our first quarter earnings per share were $0.72 as reported or $0.87, excluding unusual charges, an increase of 50% over 2012. Improvements in the U.S. market, product mix, productivity improvements, lower amortization and the Pergo acquisition all contributed to our results, offset by the negative impact of a slower European economy and one less day in the period compared to last year. For the quarter, our sales increased 5.5% as reported or 5.4% on a constant exchange rates. During the quarter, we generated adjusted EBITDA of $151 million and reduced SG&A by 90 basis points relative to sales across the enterprise even as we increased investment in growth areas of the business. In the U.S., economic indicators show that commercial building and remodeling continue to recover with the Architectural Billing Index and commercial lending market forecast predicting sustained growth. The National Association of Homebuilders projects 975,000 home starts this year, representing a 25% increase over 2012. Harvard's April LIRA Index projects gains in residential remodeling through 2013. The Russian economy is expected to continue expanding, and the European Union countries are anticipated to continue facing headwinds. In January, we completed the acquisition of Pergo and are well along with execution of our integration strategy. We are closing both of Pergo's manufacturing plants in Sweden, which have antiquated high-cost assets. The production will be moved to our modern manufacturing plant in Belgium, which will also be utilized as a distribution center for Pergo products, along with their distribution center in Sweden, to guarantee excellent service levels outside Skandia. This fall, we will update Pergo's European product line with state-of-the-art technology and improve their click installation system while maintaining their best-selling products and unique performance features. This should add significant value to the product offering and increase the enthusiasm for Pergo products in Europe. In the U.S., we're enhancing the manufacturing assets and processes to reduce cost and improve quality. In both the U.S. and Europe, our cost will improve as we manufacture much of the board requirements, limit manufacturing and impregnation requirements that Pergo is presently purchasing. We've unified the organization by combining senior management teams, sales organizations, logistics systems and administrative functions. The manufacturing consolidation and administrative restructuring will eliminate about 140 positions across the business and will take up to a year to complete at an estimated cost of $35 million, less real estate sales of $10 million to $15 million in the future. We anticipate all of our integration restructuring activities will enhance Pergo's opening margins to a level similar to Unilin's over the next several years. After the first quarter closed, we completed the acquisition of the Marazzi Group. This transaction is transformational for our ceramic tile business and makes Mohawk the global leader in ceramic tile. The combination will provide many opportunities to improve our performance by leveraging best practices, operational expertise, product innovation and manufacturing assets across the enterprise. In the U.S., the Dal-Tile and Marazzi management teams are working closely together to realize synergies in operations and administration. We're preparing to test selling Marazzi and American all-in together to offer our customers a wider range of ceramic options. We will improve service and efficiency, utilizing the Mohawk distribution system, and Dal-Tile will source products for Marazzi's European plants. In Europe, we've pointed a new President of Marazzi, who has in-depth understanding of manufacturing and marketing, with over 30 years of European ceramic experience. We have also appointed the Marazzi U.S. business president, who has extensive experience in both the U.S. and European markets, to lead the European sales function and refine our present marketing strategies to maximize our position. We've identified opportunities for expansion in higher-growth markets, such as Germany, Eastern Europe and North Africa. We are reviewing our manufacturing operations to upgrade technology, improve efficiencies and expand our product offering. In the faster growing Russian market, we continue to expand our unique approach as a manufacturer, distributor and retailer, focused on mid-to-high end market. Presently, we have the #1 position in the fragmented Russian market, where we own and franchise retail stores. We have direct control of about 50% of our sales all the way to the end customer, which builds strong brand awareness with retail advertising at the store level and ensures the superior consumer experience through our knowledgeable retail staff. We are reviewing options for expanding both our product and distribution channels, as well as exploring other regional market opportunities. In the future, we will expand our manufacturing capacity to support our expected growth in this key market. While we're in the early processes of going through, we estimate Marazzi's restructuring costs of $15 million to $20 million, which will be offset by real estate sales estimated to be about $10 million in the future. Our goal with these actions and longer-term improvements in the European economy is to expand the Marazzi operational margins up to the low to mid-teen range over the next several years. Acquisition costs for the Marazzi transition -- transaction will total approximately $14 million, including advisories, service, legal, tax and accounting fees. Earlier today, we announced the closing of the acquisition of Spano for $164 million. Spano is a chip and melamine board manufacturer, primarily in the Belgium market, with annual sales of approximately $230 million. The acquisition will generate significant synergies to bring greater value to our customers and broaden our product offering. The transaction creates many opportunities to optimize assets, raw material purchases and production efficiencies. We do not expect the acquisition to have a material impact on our 2013 second quarter results. Frank, would you please give our financial report?
Frank H. Boykin: Sure. Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Sales for the first quarter were $1,487,000,000, increasing 5.5% over last year, driven by volume in Dal-Tile and Unilin and improving mix in the carpet business. Our gross margin was 25.4% as reported. The margin improved slightly, excluding nonrecurring items. We had better mix, higher productivity and increased volumes in the U.S. that offset the impact of a slower Europe. SG&A dollars were $290 million, which was flat with last year, and 19.5% of net sales. And that compares to 20.4% of net sales last year. Better leverage with higher sales and amortization, which was lower by $10 million, positively impacted our SG&A. Unilin amortization will be approximately $35 million lower in 2013 compared to last year. Restructuring charges for the quarter were $10 million. This included $2 million in cost of goods and $5 million in SG&A for the Mohawk segment reduction in force, with the $3 million balance in Unilin SG&A related to the Pergo integration. Full year restructuring is estimated at $35 million per Pergo integration cost and an additional $15 million to $20 million for Marazzi, $10 million of which was accrued in the first quarter by Marazzi. We expect to offset a portion of these costs with proceeds from future asset sales estimated at $20 million to $25 million. Our operating income, excluding charges, was $97 million [ph] or a margin of 6.5%, which is up 140 basis points from last year. Interest expense was $19 million compared to $22 million last year and was impacted favorably by lower rates this year. We are estimating interest in the future to be at $25 million per quarter. Other expense was $6 million and compares to income of $1 million last year. This was primary impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange. Our income tax rate was 18% compared to 20% last year. We are expecting the tax rate to be 20% for the full year this year, including the Marazzi, Pergo and Spano acquisition. Earnings per share, excluding charges, were $0.87 per share. This is a 50% improvement over last year. Outstanding shares of stock for the first quarter were 69.9 million shares, and we're estimating outstanding shares for the full year to be at 72.4 million shares. If we move to the segments, in the Mohawk segment, sales were $695 million, flat with last year. Carpet sales improved, offset by lower rug sales. Our carpet sales were positively impacted by specialty retail and commercial, with slower home center sales due to product transitions. Operating income, excluding charges, was $31 million, with a margin of 4.5%. This is a 90-basis-point improvement over last year, with new super soft carpet products driving positive mix and with efficiency improvements also impacting our results. In the Dal-Tile segment, sales were $412 million, up 5% from last year. The Dal-Tile sale service center and independent distributor channels grew, with the home centers lagging due to difficult comps from last year. The Mexican growth continued to be strong, with double-digit growth rates again this quarter in the local currency. Operating income, excluding charges, was $30 million or 7.4%. This is up 80 basis points from last year with volume and productivity, as well as improving performance at our new Mexican plant, positively affecting profitability. In the Unilin segment, sales were $404 million, up 20% over last year, with North America and Pergo offsetting our slower legacy European business. Pergo sales in the quarter were about $70 million. Operating income, excluding charges, was $42 million with a margin of 10.4%, which represents an improvement of 240 basis points over last year due to lower amortization and increased volume in North America. In the Corporate and Eliminations segment, our operating loss was $7 million. For the full year, we expect it to be around a $25 million loss. We have now completed the Pergo, Marazzi and Spano acquisitions. We will own Pergo for 12 months in 2013. Last year, sales were $320 million and will be less this year due to discontinued low-end products, lower European demand and delayed product transitions in Europe. We anticipate operating margins of 7% to 8%. Marazzi will be owned for 9 months this year. Sales last year were $1.16 billion, and we experienced a 4% to 5% growth rate in the first quarter of this year, which is anticipated to be maintained throughout the year. The operating margin for Marazzi are estimated to be 10% to 11%. Spano will be owned for 8 months this year. Sales in 2012 were $230 million and are anticipated to be slightly down this year, given the slower European economy. The operating margins are estimated at 7% to 8% for Spano. At this point, purchase accounting has not been finalized, and our estimates are subject to change. The timing, implementation and strategies of our integration are still being established and maybe revised. We are assimilating these businesses into our existing operations and will not have separate results to report for the acquisitions in the future. And now we'll jump to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with cash of $1,120,000,000. This is up due to the cash that was raised to finance the Marazzi acquisition, which closed in early April. Receivables were $826 million. Our DSOs at 47 days were flat to last year. Receivables increased approximately $28 million due to the Pergo acquisition. Inventories were $1,230,000,000. Our inventory days improved to 107 days from 109 days last year. The inventory increased at the end of the quarter about $48 million due to the Pergo acquisition. Fixed assets of $1,730,000,000 include capital expenditures of $63 million during the quarter and depreciation and amortization of $60 million. The full year capital expenditures is estimated at $380 million, including Pergo, Marazzi and Spano. Depreciation and amortization is estimated at $310 million for the full year, including each of the 3 acquisitions. Our full year run rate for D&A is estimated at $335 million. Our long-term debt was $2.3 billion at the end of the quarter and included $600 million 10-year 3.85% bonds and a drawdown of $130 million of the bank revolver, both used to finance Marazzi in our April acquisition. We are currently paying interest at 2% on the revolver. Net debt to EBITDA was 1.7x at quarter end and would have been approximately 2.8x on a pro forma basis if Marazzi and Spano had been included. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Mohawk sales were relatively flat during the first quarter with operating income rising 24%, excluding unusual charges. Carpet sales growth was partially offset by home center transitions that were completed in the first quarter and lower rug sales. Our SmartStrand and Wear-Dated soft carpets are growing and positively influencing our product mix and margins. Our sales in the specialty channel continue to show strength, and we expect improvement in the home center channel as sales of our new introductions gain traction in the second quarter. We began implementing a 4% to 6% price increase during the period to offset our material cost changes. However, the timing of implementation will not cover an estimated $5 million to $10 million of those higher costs in the second quarter. We anticipate the price increases will align with our material costs in the third period. We implemented a freight increase for carpet to offset higher transportation cost. Over the past several years, we simplified our business, improved our processes and implemented more automated systems, which allowed us to eliminate about 250 positions in management and administration at a cost of $6 million, which was expensed in the quarter. During the period, we built upon the success of our revolutionarily SmartStrand Silk collection by adding 12 products that combined silk's unsurpassed softness with contemporary styling. Consumer response has been enthusiastic to our Wear-Dated Embrace luxurious softness and exceptional durability, easy care and attractive price point for premium product. We're further expanding the soft category by introducing Wear-Dated value products made with our recycled polyester with a compelling environmental proposition. As the differentiated super soft products expand, we anticipate the category will represent a larger share of our carpet sales and further improve our product mix. We are increasing extrusion capacity throughout the year to satisfy the increased demand for these products. Sales of hardwood and ceramic in our Mohawk segment improved with new introductions, such as our ArmorMax hardwood that offers unsurpassed wear and scratch resistance, and ceramic tile with the Reveal Imaging that replicates the rich look of wood and stone surfaces. During the period, we announced a third price increase of 10% on our hardwood products to offset rising lumber costs. In the commercial category, our hospitality sales continued solid as we expanded our customer base and as hotels increased their renovation of their public spaces. Our exclusive Duracolor commercial broadloom and tile products expanded due to their exceptional styling, superior stain and soil resistance and improved value. We introduced the new modular floating tile installation system and a new eco-comfort pad, which is made of 90% post-consumer recycled content that increases the life of our carpets. We executed productivity increases across the business, resulting in material yield improvements, waste reduction, increased recycled content and improve efficiencies. Our new customer management tool has enhanced our sales productivity, identified new sales opportunities and improved our project management. Dal-Tile sales increased 5% as new residential construction, commercial sales and our Mexican business continued to show strength. Our positive results for the quarter were supported by new product introductions, featuring both the rustic and polished surfaces, new larger sizes and unique Reveal Imaging designs. Our margins were supported by higher volumes and improved labor productivity but were partially offset by rising energy costs. Last year, the initial inventory shipments of new products to home centers created a more difficult sales comparison than the first period of this year. In the residential category, our Dal-Tile brand showed good growth from new Reveal imaging designs and a classic look of travertine and slate, mosaics made of glass and stone and larger format tiles from our Chinese JV. In the home center channel, we added new sizes, updated our floor tile options and added fashionable mosaics to complement existing lines. In our Dal-Tile brand, we added sales representatives to target new residential construction, expanding our regional builder business. To grow our American Unilin brand, we've added representatives focused on commercial specifications in the multifamily segment. Commercial sales grew in the restaurant, retail and hospitality channels, with large projects utilizing high-fashion design, contemporary sizes and sophisticated colors. To provide appealing premium options to the design community, we introduced innovative collections that replicate limestone, a valued price porcelain with dual-layer construction and a commercial product that blends recycled porcelain and marble chips and earns lead points. In Mexico, we continue to grow faster than the market by aggressively pursuing new construction projects, adding distributors, improving product mix and expanding our penetration of home centers. Our Salamanca facility volume efficiencies and yields continue to improve according to our plan. At our Monterrey facility, we added Reveal Imaging capability to both our wall and trim production. To offset cost increases, we announced a price increase of about 3% for tile in Mexico that will be fully implemented in April. During the period, Dal-Tile improved cost by reducing off-quality production and waste, increasing machine efficiency, achieving higher plant utilization rates and enhancing material formulations. We combined more of our regional warehousing with our carpet distribution to reduce our costs. All of Dal-Tile manufacturing facilities have now been certified by third parties for exceeding world-class safety standards. Unilin sales grew by 20% or 19% at a constant exchange rates due primarily to the Pergo acquisition. The legacy Unilin business sales improved in all product categories in the U.S. and in insulation boards and wood flooring outside the U.S. This was partially offset by lower laminate, wood panel and roofing sales in Western Europe. Margins improved from increased U.S. volume and lower amortization costs, offset by volume, lower mix and material inflation in Europe, excluding acquisitions. We increased our laminate distribution to new markets, such as Ukraine, and initiated promotional actions within established European retailer channels. Our new laminate lines in Europe are being well accepted with collections that offer the look of natural wood in contemporary colors, as well as long-wide planks resembling custom wood floors. Our engineered wood products with brush surfaces offer fashionable visuals at affordable price points. Our Livyn luxury tile line collection is gaining traction across Western Europe, differentiated by our Quick-Step brand industry-leading realism and an advanced click installation system. In North America, our laminate wood flooring sales increased across all channels. Laminate flooring sales were enhanced by introductions with realistic wood visuals and wide planks. Our wood floor products are growing with performance features, such as Scotchgard and ArmorMax protection that provide easy maintenance and industry-leading wear resistance, new products with scraped surfaces and fashionable distressed looks. To offset rising lumber costs, we announced another price increase of 10% for wood flooring that will be effective in late May. Sales of our installation (sic) [insulation] boards continue to grow with an expanded product offering and increased geographical penetration in France and Germany. Construction of our new insulation board plant in France is ahead of schedule, with production anticipated to begin in the third quarter. In the period, inclement weather conditions further hampered the difficult economic environment affecting Western European housing construction and reduced our roof panel sales. Earlier this year, we consolidated our roofing sales organization and we'll consolidate our 2 roofing plants in the second quarter while maintaining the ability to respond to a future rebound. During the period, retailers at the industries largest U.S. trade show voted Mohawk brands as having the best new products in most flooring categories, including carpet, ceramic tile, laminate and area rugs. Training magazine placed Mohawk 8th in their national ranking, and Mohawk was the only manufacturing company in the top 10 for the second consecutive year. We delivered solid results this quarter through product innovation, productivity improvements, market expansion and strategic acquisitions. In all areas, we're driving cost and sales initiatives to enhance our results. We're implementing price increases as required though our carpet prices will lag our costs in the second quarter. We believe that both commercial and new housing growth will continue this year, and we're anticipating some improvement in the residential remodeling. We remain optimistic about the long-term prospects of our international business even while challenges persist in some regional economies. In each of these regions, we have leading market positions, highly recognized brands, outstanding distribution channels and efficient manufacturing that will benefit our results as those economies improve. We anticipate each of our acquisitions contributing to our sales and earnings this year as we implement strategies to maximize their potential. With these factors, our guidance for the second quarter earnings is $1.58 to $1.67 per share, excluding any restructuring or acquisition costs. Our focus in 2013 remains on creating differentiated products with an appealing value proposition and successfully integrating our recent acquisitions. For 2 decades, we have created significant shareholder value, having a dual strategy of growing our established businesses while enhancing performance of acquired companies. We have an experienced management team with the resources and talent to execute these strategies. Regardless of the pace in the recovery, we remain committed to driving innovation, operational excellence and geographic expansion to optimize our business. Finally, in connection with our recent acquisitions, we are changing the names of our segments to refer to product categories rather than historical brands. Going forward, the Mohawk segment will be known as the Carpet segment, the Dal-Tile segment will be known as the Ceramic segment, the Unilin segment will be known as Laminate and Wood segment. This will not change either the brand or sales strategies that we utilized today. With that, we'll be glad to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Stephen Kim.
Stephen Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wanted to talk to you about your current balance sheet and acquisitions in that context. It seems that you have a net EBITDA debt -- net debt to EBITDA below -- well below 2. It seems you have some room to either do buybacks or possibly additional acquisitions. I was just wondering how you see the balance between these 2 options given -- in particular, trying to understand, do you have the capacity right now operationally to absorb any additional acquisitions in the next 6 to 12 months.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes, I may not have been clear on that, Steve. The pro forma debt to EBITDA with Spano and Marazzi will be about 2.8x.
Stephen Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Oh, it will. Okay.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes, yes. So the answer -- the short answer is, we're really going to focus on paying down debt and integrating the acquisitions.
Stephen Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. That is very helpful. If I can ask a follow-up here, talking about your guidance that you gave. I think you made a commentary about Pergo margins ultimately after the integration actions having margins equal to Unilin's. And I just was curious, did you mean the Unilin segment overall or did you mean Unilin's laminate margins? Because my understanding is the laminate margins are higher than some of the other products that Unilin has.
Frank H. Boykin: The laminate margins are higher in the division, and we expect to be able to raise the margins significantly over the next year as we implement all the strategies we went through.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question, just wanted to clarify also around the acquisitions. In response to Steve's question, the operating margins, is that going to -- I don't know if you exactly answered Steve, if it's going to the Unilin overall corporate average or the above average laminate business. And also, in the estimates that you have for at least 2Q '13, I would assume that it doesn't include any of the payback on the restructuring.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, I'll answer the last question first. The estimates we have for next quarter -- and we've got these 3 acquisitions and a lot of moving parts, right, in each of the 3 acquisitions, so it does include some of the savings that we're going to get from some of the integration that we've already completed. But we still got a good bit more to do. What was the first question?
Frank H. Boykin: In the margins, we believe that we're going to be able to get the Unilin margins back to the low to mid-teens, and we would like to have the -- we expect to have the Pergo margins in the same range.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And I guess, second question on the Mohawk carpet segment, you pointed to still lagging inflation in the second quarter. I guess really kind of 2 parts because I think it would be helpful to understand what's going on in the Mohawk segment. On the top line, can you give us a sense of how much the product transitions negatively impacted overall top line growth, number one? And number two, I would assume some of that would come back. And with that coming back in 2Q, would you still expect a year-over-year margin expansion even with the cost inflation lag?
Frank H. Boykin: We don't break out the margins by individual products within the segments, the -- or the sales, but we do expect the growth rate to increase in the next quarter. It was also impacted by about 1.5% with the less day in the period. We're expecting the sales to increase as we go through the year, both in the actions we're taking, as well as improvements in the markets.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: And we should also, Mike, see improvement in the margins as we move through the year, both from mix and productivity.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's on the year-over-year you're talking about?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Wood with Maguire (sic) [Macquarie].
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: You had mentioned the impact of weather in your roof panel sales. But broadly speaking, Unilin within Europe, we've seen also some weather-related weakness from your peers. Can you sort of quantify how shipments and orders were impacted and what you're seeing so far this quarter related to that potentially coming back?
Frank H. Boykin: We have the same thing in our business with the one less shipping days about 1.5% impacted Europe. We see Europe continuing with soft and volume under pressure in all the businesses in Europe. Our legacy European sales are down some more, some less than about 10% in the different pieces. However, we're offsetting some of it by growth in new channels, as well as new geographies.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: And I would say from the weather perspective, the products that were most significantly impacted would have been the roofing panels.
Frank H. Boykin: The construction -- anything related to construction.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes. In laminate less so.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Got it. And also within the Mohawk segment, can you sort of just go through some of the moving parts there in terms of mix shifts impacting margins like the polyester mix or lower end, lower margin sales, SmartStrand and Embrace, which could potentially be helping you right now, and the impact of area rugs?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: If you look at the different categories, we are increasing our sales of higher value products, which we call all the soft products under multiple different brands. And we think we're changing the premium market in carpets, so that's helping our margins. We are continuing to reduce the sales of our old staple products and are headed to close to 0 over this year. We get through -- there's some of those legacy left. There's a transition away from polypropylene products that going on and replacing those is growth in the polyester business. Polyester is basically selling in the mid to low-end part of the marketplace as when people go above there, they prefer to have the extra benefits of the higher-value nylon and some extra products that we sell. I guess some of the other margin things that are going on at the midpart point of the market is not growing as much as it should be because of the replacement business. So we expect that business to pick up as it goes through until you have higher growth in our business at the lower end and at the higher end.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zener with KeyBanc Capital.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I wonder if in it the tile business domestically, if you could talk about the, on the non-res side actually, bidding or what you are seeing in terms of -- obviously, residential is turning, but in terms of the non-res, how does that look to you guys?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Commercial business' growth was stronger than our residential business and the ceramic business. We see that the specifications are increasing. We see more activity going forward, so we're positive about the businesses that goes through and expecting it to get stronger.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I guess the particular areas, are there particular industries, I mean, generally, things like education and government are cited as weakness. So are there particular areas that you would like to call out?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Hospitality has been strong in both carpet and in tile, and we've seen strength in health care as well.
Frank H. Boykin: And some of the commercial categories are doing better [indiscernible] I'm sorry.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, good. And I guess, the margins that you guys laid out for the acquisitions, you said you hadn't finalized your purchase accounting yet. But were those margins that you gave including purchase accounting as you now model it?
Frank H. Boykin: Ken, that's our best estimate. We've further along on the Pergo acquisition because we've obviously had it longer. And then Marazzi and Spano, those are our estimates that we're hopeful that we're fairly close.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And in terms of seasonality of sales, would you put any real thought into how those months of sales following any big seasonal variation?
Frank H. Boykin: Well, just like with the legacy Mohawk business, it experiences the same kind of seasonality. First quarter is going to be the slowest in each of those 3 businesses.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The only difference would be there European business. In August, it's slower where the U.S. businesses are.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, because of the holiday season here.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Oppenheim with Credit Suisse.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Wondering, if we are talking about the laminate wood business with Pergo in terms of shifting the production from Sweden to Belgium, wondering as you do that, how much cash are you going to have in terms of the Belgian capacity then?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't know exactly the numbers. We have enough capacity to support the business and the growth that we need. We have some assets that will be moved to make up any shortfalls that we have. We don't have any limitations to our business.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, within the ceramics business then, you talked about sort of the distribution with Marazzi in Russia in terms of owning the retail and controlling that distribution. What are your thoughts on that more broadly? Is there -- as you look at that, is there any thought in terms of just more of that activity in terms of control and distribution through retail?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The difference is that the Russian market has been just changing in the last 10, 15 years. And so as it develops, Marazzi built a retail distribution channel there. I don't believe that you can take that and replant it across the world in developed areas.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Goldberg with UBS.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's actually Sue for David. Can you speak to the pricing that that you get on some of the new products that you've introduced even if it's broadly across the different segments? And as you raise prices on those, do you have more pricing power there such that you're not just able to make up for any changes in the raw material costs, but are you actually able to add to the margin at all with those products?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The answer is the product introductions had different margins based on the value-added difference. And as you go up in the higher end of the spectrum, there's more differentiation. As you go down in the bottom end of it, you have commodity products with very limited differentiation. When we introduce products, we try to introduce products that have higher margins than the products we sold before and replace old dropping products with better margins as we go every year. We attempt to introduce products to cover the raw material costs that are there so that we don't have to raise them, but it doesn't always work out that way.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So right now though, you're basically just sort of keeping up with the raw material prices you're seeing?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, our goal is to do better. If we see we think we're expanding the margins in all the businesses, and some of the actions are related to how we're managing the product mix.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of the sort overall buying trends, are you seeing that are people are stepping up at all and maybe moving away from some of the higher value stuff that we saw in the sort of depths of this downturn that we've been through?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We don't see a major change in the average pricing of the different categories. What you have is a lot of the new construction business tends to use lower quality products. So as it grows, it's offsetting some of the higher-value products or selling the remodeling piece. What we really need is the remodeling business to recover, and you'll see a significant change in the mix.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Could you guys talk a little about the, I think you said, 4% to 5% for Marazzi in the quarter? Can you just talk that a little bit geography by geography and what you're seeing across the 3 major regions?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Sure. It's consistent with where we are. The Russian business is growing the fastest. The U.S. business is second, and the European business actually showed growth by growing the business outside the southern part of Western Europe and to other areas of Europe and to Eastern Europe, as well as into Northern Africa. And so we're focused going forward on maximizing the business in the areas that are doing better, and that's what we intend to do.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: And just to clarify that on the Russian side, how fast a growth is that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think it's around 10%, but I'm not exactly sure on the exact number.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Okay. And then separately, on the Mohawk segment, the carpet business, how do you guys think about sort of what a good outlook would look like in a recovery scenario? There's been a lot of different timing issues related with some of the home center rollout, the mix, the rugs, maybe a lack of home improvement growth trailing some of the other industries out there. Where do you see kind of the volumes going once some of the stuff normalizes outage? As you look out over the next couple of years, what would you consider to be a strong recovery-type scenario in that category?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: You have to start out with an estimate of what's going to happen with the entire flooring industry. If you assume -- it depends on how long a time period. If you assume about a 5% increase, what you'll have is the carpet piece should be below there on average over the period, and the things that are growing faster, such as ceramic, will be higher. Now a lot of it also depends on the mix in category. So ceramic has a much higher percentage of its business in new construction, for example, and the carpet side has a much higher percentage in remodeling. Then you have different amounts going into commercial. But I mean, in general, I think that as you see a 3% growth rate -- 3%, 4% growth rate in carpet over X time, while you have a 5% in the industry would be a good growth rate.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, and the biggest thing with carpet right now is that remodeling side. That's over 50% of the total. And once that remodel, the pent-up demand comes back and that should really impact the carpet business.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: So you see that kind of growth as during a recovery scenario or a more normalized longer-term cycle?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It depends what you're calling recovery. Are you calling recovery in the next 12 months or the next 5 years?
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Let's say the next 2 years?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The next 2 years, then you've got to decide what the average growth of the industry is going to be so...
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: To your point in carpet, carpet will under-grow the flooring category overall?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It will. So I mean if we fix 6% or 7%, it will go up with it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First off, a housekeeping question, Frank. And if you've mentioned this in the prepared remarks and I missed it, I apologize. The $5 million to $10 million negative impact in Q2 from the FIFO accounting from the price increases, what was the negative impact in Q1 so we get a sense of what that means sequentially?
Frank H. Boykin: It was not a negative impact in Q1. It impacted us because we're buying in Q1, and it's hitting our P&L in Q2. So it was the raw material we're buying in Q1 that we're talking about.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Got you. Okay. So the timing of it even though it was not as a quarter ended per se, it still was a de minimis negative impact to you in Q1?
Frank H. Boykin: Correct.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And next question, you're renaming the Mohawk segment the Carpet segment. Remind us, generally speaking, how much of that segment at this point is actually carpet versus other things, like textiles and rugs and pads and hardwood surface, that kind of thing.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The majority of it, carpet.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: 2/3 or 3/4, how do we gauge that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We don't break out each of the pieces by product.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Last question, and I'll defer to others. A small competitor of yours the other day mentioned that April carpet sales at the specialty retail side was a little soft. Do you think that's systemic in the industry? Or is that perhaps more company specific for them?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, we're expecting a second quarter of our business to improve. We have a lot of initiatives that are making it. I don't really have industry numbers at this moment. We're expecting ours would do better, and we're expecting our margins to improve. You heard us also take significant cost out of the SG&A. That will start showing up in the second quarter and going forward, so we're trying to make our business better no matter what happens.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Maguire [ph] with Longbow Research [ph].
Unknown Anallyst: I guess the question is somewhat hypothetical in nature. I mean, you've got an awful lot of irons in the fire here. You're investing in people, you're investing in new products, you're ramping plants in Mexico and France, the list goes on and on and on. You've put up a 6.5% EBIT margin for the first quarter. Any sense of what that margin would have been if you were to exclude all these investments that you're making?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: No, they all get intertwined together.
Unknown Anallyst: Do you track them in terms of what the burden is to the P&L. Is it 100 bps or 200 bps?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes. But I mean, we do that internally, but we're not prepared to talk about specifics at that level of detail.
Unknown Anallyst: Okay. Maybe if I -- in that case, let me just ask you about the French new insulation board plant. What do you think that would support in terms of incremental revenues at full capacity?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Probably about EUR 100 million.
Unknown Anallyst: About EUR 100 million? Okay, terrific.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Baugh with Stifel, Nicolaus.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I wanted to dive into the Mohawk segment and I guess just better understand the moving parts there. So everything being equal, we have 1.5% less volume just because of the short day, do I understand that correct?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, that's correct.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Then I wasn't clear, I guess, with that 1.5% of incorporated. Were carpet volumes up overall, flat overall? I mean, it sounds like there were up in specialty commercial, and then they were down in the home center channel. But did it net out to flat in volume, which really would have been 1.5% positive with the extra day?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The volume probably would be flat to up slightly.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: With adding back the 1.5%?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Across all the pieces.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then what -- we've heard referred about rug sales being slow for quite some time now and the home center issue. I guess, we're going to start lapping that. When do we lap that and maybe some more color on precisely what's going on in rugs?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The home center by the end of this -- by the end of the first quarter with the new introductions in, then we should start seeing improvement in the home center piece. The rug piece, we continue to see by the retailers a focus on reduction of lower price points. So what happens is the unit prices continued to decline as they keep pushing down the mix within the retail stores of what they want to advertise. So with that, the carpet sales have gone down with the reduction -- or the rug sales have gone down with the reduction of the selling prices, as well as the demand in those things have also been reduced. We have continued to reduce our cost structures and are maintaining our profit levels as that happens. At the same time, we are focused on growing various channels within it. There's a specialty retail channel that we think is growing and can then improve our mix, which we're planning on doing this year. E-commerce continues to grow, and we're trying to drive more fashionable higher-value rugs to improve the mix.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes, in the prepared commentary or one of the questions, I can't remember, you had talked about the Mohawk segment. Are you expecting to the volumes to improve in the second quarter and is that industry or is that from your own initiatives?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're expecting industry volumes to be up a little bit, and we're expecting to do better than the industry.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And the last several quarters, you've done a little below for a lot of reasons that you've mentioned several times. Are we just anniversary-ing some of those problems or is it something else?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think we're improving our position.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the price increase, you expect it to be fully in by the end of the second quarter, is that correct?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, but there'll be a shortfall in the second quarter, which we don't expect to have in the third.
Operator: Your last question comes from Robert Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets.
Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is actually Desi filling in for Bob. On the SG&A line, yes, that was really excellent in the quarter. And I was curious how we should think about that over the course of the year, especially once you bring in the acquisitions and how their SG&A margin compares to your own.
Frank H. Boykin: Well, we're going to continue as we move through the year. We're the going to continue to see improvement as we leverage the SG&A expenses against better sales.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think you have to answer in 2 pieces. Because one of the legacy businesses, we expect the percent cost of sales to continue going down as we manage the cost. The businesses coming in, we're homogenizing those costs, we're taking costs out. But many of them are above where we are, so there's really 2 different answers.
Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then also in the Unilin segment with the wood flooring price increase, how do you expect that to -- versus the rising wood cost? Do you expect to have a lag there at all or is it going to be pretty smooth?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Remember with our business at Unilin, it's a -- the wood business is a portion of our U.S. business, which is smaller than our European business, and then that's only a portion within it. So it's a limited piece to the total. The prices will go up and will help offset some of the costs that we have and improve it, but that's not going to be significant to the total.
Operator: I would like to turn the call back over to Jeff for closing remarks.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining us. We think that we are well positioned going forward in our legacy businesses and improving both the mix and the products. We think that we are -- we have made the right acquisitions at the right time, and we expect our business to continue improving over the next several years. Thank you very much for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC. Mike Wood - Macquarie Research Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sean, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded today, February 22, 2013. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and CEO. Mr. Lorberbaum, please go ahead, sir.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Good morning, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter 2012 conference call. Joining me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review our Safe Harbor statement and later our financial results.
Frank H. Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Our fourth quarter earnings per share were $0.95, as reported, or $1.01, excluding unusual charges, an increase of 40% over 2011. Price increases, productivity improvements, mix and lower interest all contributed to our results. Our 2012 sales increased 4% as reported, or 5% on a constant exchange rate. During the quarter, we generated adjusted EBITDA of $165 million and cash flow from operations of $285 million. For the full year of 2012, our sales were $5.8 billion, an increase of 3% over 2011 or 4% at a constant exchange rate. For the year, our adjusted operating income increased 15% to $398 million, and cash flow from operations was $588 million. Year-over-year, all segments increased earnings as a result of improved mix, productivity gains and price increases. We enhanced our carpet mix by introducing new premium products that offer customers an enticing value proposition with desirable features such as luxurious softness and superior stain resistance. Our expansion into new geographies provides opportunities for additional growth. The opening of our Salamanca tile facility in Mexico broadened our product offering and our customer base. Expanding distribution in Russia grew local sales from our new laminate plant. Our Australia laminate and hardwood distribution business increased sales by introducing differentiated products into the market. We continued to optimize the assets by consolidating 2 mosaic tile facilities into 1 and shuttering 2 yarn mills. We achieved significant improvements in safety across the enterprise, protecting our people and reducing expenses. One of the largest insurance companies in the U.S. recently recognized Mohawk as operating at world-class safety levels. Last year, across the business, we kept SG&A dollars in line while investing more in innovative marketing and products. Today, economic indicators remain somewhat mixed, though evidence strongly suggests that Americans are investing more in their homes. In the U.S., January weekly new unemployment claims dropped to a 5-year low with steady job creation forecast for 2013. The National Association of Homebuilders projects single-family home construction will grow 22% this year. During 2012, remodeling activity was below its full potential. However, in the fourth quarter, the NAHB Remodeling Index was at its highest level in 7 years, suggesting higher future demand as in past cycles. Future U.S. commercial growth is supported by a positive AIA building index and the expansion of new project inquiries across all building sectors. As the recovery gains traction, we have positioned Mohawk for long-term growth. During the past 5 years of the downturn, we focused on reducing our leverage and improving our infrastructure so we could take advantage of opportunities when the recovery began. Today, we have transitioned from a focus on conservation of capital to an expansion strategy. We're continuing to strategically invest in growing our core businesses, and since October, we have announced the agreement to acquire 3 businesses: Pergo, Marazzi and Spano. Each of these represents a different opportunity for Mohawk, and all have synergies that will improve our existing businesses. These acquisitions are aligned with our geographical focus on the U.S., Russia and Europe. As the U.S. flooring industry continues to improve, we're investing in 2 of the leading laminate and ceramic players in the U.S. In these acquisitions, we can optimize the manufacturing assets, raw materials and sales strategies of the businesses to drive growth and margins in both product category. Marazzi's Russian business expands our participation in this high-growth region. Through the acquisition, we will obtain the leading position in the ceramic market with an integrated distribution and retail infrastructure. Russia's lack of housing and -- is increasing construction and longer-term growth in flooring. We also see potential opportunities to leverage our Russian-made laminate flooring with our new ceramic infrastructure. To expand upon Marazzi's successful Russian strategy, we will increase investment in the region. We are entering the European ceramic market with leading positions in Italy, France and Spain while the economy is at a low level. We anticipate Marazzi's results will improve as we complete sales, marketing and cost improvement initiatives and as the economy rebounds in the future. In the European laminate market, Pergo expands our business in the Nordic countries and enhances Unilin's patent portfolio. Belgian-based Spano supports Unilin's unique position in boards in this European region. Not only is the business complementary with Unilin's, but Spano's facilities are located very close to ours. The combination of Spano and Unilin is anticipated to close in the second half of 2013 and will allow us to modernize high-cost assets, broaden our product offering and create a more competitive business model. All of these transactions, in combination with our existing businesses, position Mohawk for growth. While each strategy will require time to fully execute, we have specific plans for leveraging the new acquisitions in our existing businesses. Over the next few years, we will focus on maximizing these acquisitions and reducing our debt levels. In January, we successfully issued $600 million of 10-year bonds at a coupon rate of 3.85% and plan to use the proceeds to finance a portion of our Marazzi acquisition. Until the close expected in the second quarter, additional interest expense will be incurred without the Marazzi operating margins in our financial results to offset the interest. We have already received U.S. and German approval for the acquisition and are waiting on other countries where we have no ceramic presence to approve the transaction. Frank, could you do our financial report, please?
Frank H. Boykin: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Net sales for the fourth quarter were $1,436,000,000, up 4% as reported, or a 5% increase on a constant exchange rate basis. This was driven by increased volumes, both in Dal-Tile and Unilin, as well as pricing and mix improvement at Mohawk. The gross margin was 25.7% compared to 24.3% in the comparable quarter last year. The margin improved 140 basis points year-over-year as volume, productivity and mix favorably impacted our results. Continued focus on innovation, process improvement and cost yielded stronger profitability this quarter. SG&A dollars were $273 million or 19% of net sales. This compares to 19.5% of sales a year ago. SG&A dollars for the full year were flat even as we absorbed higher sampling and marketing investments back into the business. We will remain focused on controlling SG&A as the business grows. Restructuring charges were $6 million for the quarter, all related to Dal-Tile, primarily in cost of goods sold for the consolidation of our mosaic tile plants. We will have additional restructuring cost in first quarter related to our other businesses, but we've not quantified those amounts yet. Our operating margin for the quarter was 7.1%, which compares to 5.8% last year. This is up 130 basis points year-over-year with our operating income dollars increasing 28% over last year. Interest expense was $15 million for the year -- or for the quarter and was lower due to the payoff of 2012 bonds and the rating agency upgrade we received earlier. We expect our legacy interest in 2013 to be approximately $18 million a quarter. And as Jeff mentioned, we will have an additional $2 million each month of interest related to the $600 million bonds that we issued at the end of January for the Marazzi acquisition. The income tax rate, excluding charges, was 17% during the fourth quarter this year, which compares to 9% rate last year. Last year's rate was impacted by onetime benefits that we did not experience this year. As we move into 2013, we expect to have a tax rate of 20% on our legacy business before the Marazzi acquisition. Our earnings per share, excluding charges, were $1.01 and represent a 40% improvement over last year. Moving to the segments. In Mohawk, sales were $726 million, slightly up with mix continuing to improve in this segment. Operating income was $52 million with a 7.2% margin compared to 5.7% margin last year. This is 150-basis-point improvement, which results from positive mix and manufacturing and logistics productivity. In the Dal-Tile segment, sales were $402 million, up 15% over last year. We had strong growth in all channels and end markets. We were also impacted in the quarter by higher promotional sales to home centers that should not repeat in 2013. Operating income, excluding charges, was $27 million or a margin of 6.8%. This is up 60 basis points with higher volumes and productivity improvement offset by plant shutdowns to align inventory and then also promotional sales. Unilin sales were $330 million, up 1% year-over-year, as reported, or up 5% using a constant exchange rate. We had strong growth in North America as well as our European insulation and wood businesses, which was offset by slower laminate and roofing in Europe. Operating income for the quarter was $30 million or a margin of 9%. We had lower amortization expense of $7 million in the quarter, which favorably impacted us. In addition, we had about a $1 million drag on earnings as a result of foreign exchange. And in the corporate and illuminations segment, we had an operating loss of $7 million for the quarter or $26 million for the full year, which is in line with our expectations. Then moving to the balance sheet. Cash was $478 million. We ended with a strong balance sheet and good liquidity this quarter. Free cash flow was $216 million during the quarter, and this has positioned us to take advantage of strategic opportunities that we've talked about in our industry. Receivables at $679 million ended the quarter with DSOs comparable to last year. Inventories at $1,134,000,000 reflect inventory days slightly better than last year after adjusting for inflation and pre-buying activity. We believe we're in line with our expectations. Our fixed assets were $1,693,000,000 and included CapEx for the quarter of $73 million and depreciation and amortization of $64 million. We expect 2013 capital expenditures, including Pergo, to be approximately $300 million during the year. We estimate depreciation and amortization for 2013, again including Pergo, to be approximately $255 million. Amortization in 2013 will be down $35 million as some intangible assets related to our Unilin acquisition will be fully amortized. And then finally, net debt at the end of the quarter was $905 million, which compares favorably to last year of $1,274,000,000. Cash flow from operations was almost $290 million for the quarter with net debt declining by $369 million as our leverage ratio improved to 1.3x. Jeff, I'll turn it back to you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. The Mohawk segment sales were flat with the fourth quarter with carpet sales performing better than rug sales. Our rug sales improved from last quarter, but they remained below the prior year as lower product mix and retail sales continued to decrease our results. Our new premium carpets have improved our overall selling prices and margins. However, sales levels were impacted by home center product transitions that we expect to be completed during the first quarter. We recently announced a carpet price increase of 4% to 6% to cover rising material costs. During the quarter, we expanded our industry-leading SmartStrand Silk collection with 10 new fashionable products. By applying the innovative processes used to develop SmartStrand Silk, we introduced our Wear-Dated Embrace nylon collection at lower price points in the fourth quarter. This extends our leadership position in the ultrasoft premium category with carpets that provide exceptional durability and easy care. In 2013, we anticipate both the sales and mix will improve from broader distribution of SmartStrand Silk and Wear-Dated Embrace. All categories of Mohawk hard surface products delivered sales gains through new product introductions, including new domestic scraped wood products, tile utilizing Reveal Imaging to mimic travertine and marble, our collections of laminate with unique visuals and GenuEdge technology. During the period, we announced 2 price increases on solid wood flooring totaling about 15% to offset rising lumber costs. In the commercial category, we grew sales of our new carpet tile introduction made from our premium Duracolor fiber as designers embraced the styling with high-performance stain and soil resistance. Our hospitality sales were strong as we expanded our customer base, both in the U.S. and international markets. To support sales of our premium tile collections, we launched a new online tool called DesignFLEX so that designers can visualize unique commercial environments with multiple patterns and colors for the client. We executed manufacturing productivity improvements across the business through waste reduction, enhanced recycled contents and improved efficiencies. We integrated SmartStrand cushion into our premium carpet offering, which enhances the performance of our products and differentiates our offerings. Dal-Tile sales grew 15% during the quarter with gains in U.S. and Mexico supported by new product introductions with enhanced textures, sophisticated design and larger formats in both the residential and commercial categories. A portion of our sales growth was due to higher-than-usual promotional sales to better utilize our capacity during the quarter. Margin expansion came from higher volumes, enhanced productivity and improved yields, partially offset by plant shutdowns to reduce inventory as our new capacity ramped up faster than we had anticipated. Sales grew across all residential channels with successful launches of our new Reveal Imaging, coordinated wall, floor mosaic collections, larger-sized tiles from our Chinese JV and new decorative assortments in the home center channel. We expanded our presence in the builder multifamily channels with new products manufactured in Mexico. We've reduced our ceramic SKUs while enhancing our offerings with more contemporary sizes and innovative styling aligned with today's decors. To grow our American Olean brand, we upgraded our underperforming distribution partners, increased relationships with national retail groups and renovated our showrooms to present our products more effectively. Commercial sales continued strong with the hospitality sector leading the tile category. We are expanding our commercial sales force to more aggressively pursue large specified projects. Our commercial tile collection called Next [ph] has been broadened with additional sophisticated designs and textures, contemporary sizes and fashion forward colors to excite the designers in the premium commercial market. The combination of additional sales resources and new products is growing our commercial specifications and account base. In Mexico, we increased production at our Salamanca facility, and we're optimizing the plant's efficiencies and yield. To maximize our growth in the Mexican market, we've expanded our sales teams and increased participation in the home center, distributor and retail channels. We announced a price increase in Mexico of approximately 4% to be executed in the first quarter to offset inflation. During the fourth quarter, Dal-Tile lowered overall manufacturing costs with higher efficiencies, improved material formulations, increased recycled content and effective quality initiatives. We're upgrading our wall tile facilities produce a wider variety of shapes, sizes and decorative styling. In Muskogee, we've installed a specialized kiln to more effectively produce unique premium products. We also reduced freight costs through rate increases, energy surcharges and favorable volume. Unilin's fourth quarter sales grew 1% or 5% at a constant exchange rate. Increased laminate and hardwood sales in North America, growth in our insulation boards, expanded participation in the DIY channel and solid results from our Australian distribution contributed to our sales improvements. Our margins were favorably impacted by lower amortization charges, partially offset by material inflation and negative mix as European consumers purchased more value-based alternatives. We completed the final phase of the investment at our Russian laminate plant, which added beveled edge capabilities to our local manufacturing. With the European economy reducing consumption, we partially offset a slower Western European laminate and roofing business with growth in wood flooring and insulation boards. Wood flooring also posted growth in Australia, Russia and India as we increased our laminate -- and we increased our laminate distribution in the German DIY channel. Two of our laminate collections have been updated with new embossing and structured surface technologies to provide more natural wood visuals and more accessible price points. We expanded our line of accessories and made installation easier. To increase Australian sales, we're offering products specifically tailored to local design and color preferences. As the luxury vinyl tile category expands in Europe, we're utilizing quickstep design and installation technologies to differentiate our LVT collection that was launched on a limited basis and is now being expanded across Western Europe. The Malaysian government has recently mandated wage increases for manufacturing employees. And to offset the costs, we'll invest more in new automation at our hardwood facilities there. In North America, both laminate and wood flooring sales grew significantly across all channels. We expanded our presence in the home center channel with additional laminate places -- placements that offer high-end wood looks accentuated by our GenuEdge technology. North American sales to distributors were increased through specific promotions and new laminate products, such as reclaimed wood visuals and wide plank formats. We added Scotchgard and Armox Max protection to selected wood collections, providing the easiest maintenance and highest wear-resistant finish in the industry. Two price increases for solid wood flooring totaling 15% were announced in Unilin this quarter to offset the rising lumber costs in the U.S. To support continuing growth in our insulation board business, we've begun the construction of a new manufacturing facility in France. As Western European housing contracted, our roof panel sales have declined and reduced our workforce to balance. We've licensed our patents for click furniture to additional manufacturers who are introducing new products that will increase interest in the technology. During the period, a national contractor magazine ranked Dal-Tile #1 in the tile and stone category. And a national poll of designers recognized Dal-Tile for the best overall business experience. In the U.S., in 2012, we generated approximately 1 billion consumer impressions about our Quick-Step laminate from more than 5,000 special interest and mainstream media articles. Through product innovation, expanded distribution, and process improvements, Mohawk delivered a solid fourth quarter results. We improved our mix with higher-value products gaining traction in the market. We're seeing some inflation on raw materials and taking the appropriate actions in the marketplace to address. In the U.S., low mortgage rates, stabilizing home prices, improving employment should sustain the housing recovery. We believe that the U.S. residential remodeling should see improvement in the future and that the European economic conditions are near a bottom. We anticipate revenue and earnings growth for 2013 as the U.S. market improves and we realize some benefits from recent acquisitions. The first quarter earnings are seasonally the lowest and represented a little less than 1/6 of 2012's full year results. With this, our guidance for the first quarter earnings, which includes Pergo, is $0.77 to $0.86 per share, excluding any restructuring, acquisition costs and interest on new bonds from Marazzi. We will begin including forward estimates for Marazzi and Spano after those acquisitions are closed. In the second quarter, our carpet price increases will only be partially executed, and we anticipate that $5 million to $10 million of our increased costs will not be covered. In the third quarter, we expect carpet pricing will be aligned with raw material costs. As 2013 begins, Mohawk has transitioned from a defensive posture to a more aggressive growth mode. Our strategy has shifted from managing through the economic downturn to expanding our long-term business. During the past few years, we strengthened our balance sheet, which enabled us to acquire 3 companies with outstanding brands and potential. We will drive our business strategies of innovative products, efficient manufacturing and expanded distribution across the enterprise to grow both our existing and new businesses. With that, we'll be glad to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ken Zener from KeyBanc.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Your success finding deals in a variety of categories and regions in the fourth quarter obviously is very impressive. Do you think -- is your pipeline depleted? And/or I mean, did you have a specific focus on Europe?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The pipeline -- I'm not sure the pipeline is depleted, but we've spent all the money we're going to spend for the near term. We've been talking with many of these companies for a period of years in different places, having discussions over long periods of time. And many of the companies, as you come out of recessions, you have to refinance the businesses so it creates opportunities as the business grows. We think there's more opportunity in the marketplace, but we're going to be focused the next few years, or next couple of years at least, on putting these in a condition we'd like them to be.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I -- this is kind of a little more macro, ties in, obviously, with carpet where you are facing input costs. You're going to ask for price. Given your history of recovery in kind of 2 quarters, I expect you'll get it. But from a macro perspective, if it's your wood flooring, if it's the tile in Mexico or any number of other building product categories, it seems like everyone's asking for price. And can you give us a little sense of where your conviction comes from, that pricing on wood, tile really will be flowing through given relatively low levels of demand compared to your conviction in carpet, which is tied as much to industry structure as anything else?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We are seeing raw materials move up. In many of the different categories, the raw materials were depressed somewhat during the downturn, so we're seeing inflation in raw materials in many places. In each of the categories, there are different drivers of it. In the carpet side, you have oil prices are going up, but there's also additional pressure from chemical costs rising more due to supply and demand and those companies trying to recover their margins as the industries occur. With that, we have announced a price increase of 4% to 6% to get it back. At this point, all the major carpet players have announced similar increases in those ranges. And we believe they're going to go through because the industry needs them to keep the margins at least where they are. On the wood side, you're seeing something similar, which is with the wood going up due to the housing recovery, the wood coming out of the forest is in shorter supply and the prices are going up significantly. And the industry has to pass those through. We have made announcement of 2 separate price increases because they increased more than we had anticipated, and we don't see any reason why we won't be able to achieve those given the cost increases we're incurring.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Ahie [ph] from JPMorgan.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's still Mike Rehaut at JPMorgan. First question, on the -- actually, I was wondering if we could just do a little bookkeeping for 2013, if possible, what you expect corporate expense -- and I know this -- if at all possible, to include some of this for your expected completed acquisitions of Marazzi and Spano, what you expect full year corporate expense and also the tax rate to be once those are completed.
Frank H. Boykin: Michael, on the unallocated corporate expense, it's in the corporate elimination -- and eliminations segment. I think we've historically run about $25 million, and I would expect to have that same run rate this year for the corporate and eliminations segment. And then on the tax rate for the full year, we're estimating around a 20% tax rate for the full year.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And so neither of those changed, Frank, with the acquisitions?
Frank H. Boykin: No.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Product transfer?
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Also on Mohawk, if we could just talk about that for a moment, you had a nice 120 bps of margin expansion for 2012 on roughly flattish sales. So I was wondering if you could kind of break down, Frank, what were the drivers of that margin expansion? And when you talk about the delay in the price increases coming through, that it really -- you won't fully realize it until the third quarter, you'll start to realize it in the second quarter, what that might mean for margins year-over-year? The last couple of quarters, you've had around 150 bps or more of year-over-year margin expansion. What that might mean for the first quarter in particular if you might have some higher costs and not an immediate matching of the price inflation? So 2 kind of questions there, one on what were the drivers in 2012 of the margin expansion and how that recent expansion might flow potentially without the full benefit of the price increases in '13?
Frank H. Boykin: Let me start from an overview of what happened. The mix during 2012 began improvement. It improved because of the growth in premium products. It got improved because of the shift from -- to soft product and carpet. And it also had a shift in carpet tile -- the greater carpet tile from broadloom all improved the mix within the business. The margins, we believe, are sustainable, and we believe we'll continue to see improvements because we believe there'll be continued mix improvement this year. We have a lot of things that are still working on productivity and cost savings. We also expect some sales growth initiatives, which should all grow the margins this year from last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson, Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: First is on Pergo as that's integrated to the system. We have a pretty good sense of the revenue flow-through, but could you help us how we should  through how we should think about margins, particularly as Pergo is being integrated into Mohawk overall? And is there -- is this going to be seamless? Or what type of efficiency upside could we potentially see or, conversely, drag could we see for the short term in first quarter?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We haven't given any specific of how they're going to change. There are going to -- there's a lot of opportunities to improve Pergo. It's complementary to our business with our premium product positions. They have and we have together, different from each other, design and performance capabilities which will enhance both portfolios. There's significant opportunities to optimize the manufacturing in both the U.S. and Europe. We've already started making quality changes and productivity changes. There are many initiatives on the table that are going to take a significant period of time to implement during this year and possibly beyond it, and it will take a while to maximize those. There's opportunities to leverage their patents with our licenses, our license abilities to increase that and have it go beyond -- all the way through sometime in 2020-something. We haven't finalized the timing and the amounts of all the restructuring pieces it takes, the product changes it takes. But they're all being planned and designed so we can go ahead and execute them over the next 12 months.
Frank H. Boykin: So as Jeff said, we've got a lot of things we're working on here and expect improvements. It's going to take some time. However, for the full year, we still are expecting slight accretion from this. And it really was not a drag on our first quarter in the estimate we gave for the first quarter. It was not a drag on the earnings.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Great. And finally, in the Mohawk segment, could you break out as much as you can growth rates for volume for residential versus non-res? Particularly, I just want to get a breakout in the sense of how your modular business is doing relative to residential and any other changes on the -- we know what was going on in the broadloom side with pricing, but anything on the modular side, too, would be appreciated?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The residential and commercial growth rates were similar, not much different. What was the rest of the question?
Frank H. Boykin: Modular. Modular versus broadloom.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: What's happening in the commercial business with our business is the modular's growing, but we're -- but it's moving from the broadloom to modular. So it's offsetting a lot of the growth rate.
Frank H. Boykin: Price increases.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Price increases. In the commercial -- we talked about the price increase in the residential. In the commercial businesses, the price increases don't go -- or a lot of it is done on a specified basis, so it's on a job-by-job basis. And you don't see all the time the announced changes because every job is changed as it comes up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood, Macquarie Capital.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: On the broadloom side, you mentioned that you hope to achieve the cost parity by the end of the second quarter. I'm curious in your opinion what you think would be the trigger to get margins back up to their historical average in this sector and essentially get some accretive price actions in broadloom.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, to get the margins back up, we're going to continue doing all the things we're doing about cutting costs, managing the SG&A expenses, getting leverage on them as they go up, getting better product mix as they go through, reducing our cost structures. The -- we expect to start getting some top line growth, which will also help all the pieces. And then the price increases are dependent upon what raw material costs are and what the marketplace does. And we try to get -- we try to improve our margins as we do that, but it's dependent upon the entire marketplace.
Frank H. Boykin: And we've made pretty good progress, Mike, I think, over the last 2 years, 3 years of improving margins, as Jeff said, through mix and productivity improvements and initiatives. And as we've said before, our goal is to get those margins back up to the high single-digit range where they were before we went into this recession. And we think with volume and some improvement in mix, we can get back there. Meanwhile, we're going to continue to work on improving the mix and taking out costs.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Just another comment. On the price increase, some of it is being offset by the change to lower-cost products made out of polyester is offsetting some of the pricing increases the last year or 2 and will continue as polyester grows.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Okay. Also, on price in the Unilin segment, can you give us a sense of, by product in Unilin, how sensitive each is to the increase in lumber prices and where you can actually proactively substitute out products, like potentially in engineered wood, to lower-cost substitutes?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The price increases that we announced are in the solid wood category. There's been -- we haven't raised the engineered wood, which has lower-cost raw materials in it as much. And so the other one has -- the majority of the increase is in the -- we're passing them through. Alternatives to wood, there's all kinds of alternatives. It depends on what you're looking for. There are options in laminate, there's options -- there's actually ceramic looks that are made out of wood for the high-end wood marketplace. It doesn't scratch. There's new products we're introducing and others in LVT as we go through. There's a lot of options as it moves around. Wood tends to be an aspirational purchase for people, and the people that desire to have the best products tend to like using wood and won't change it. On the other hand, people looking for alternatives have moved already to things like laminate, which look a lot like it at lower price points.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg from UBS.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, it's actually Sue. Looking out maybe a little bit bigger picture, you guys are definitely increasing your exposure to Southern Europe with Marazzi and also your new board facility coming on in France. Can you talk about how you think about the potential sort of opportunities or risks in this -- as you get more into this region, especially sort of your ability to adjust this as demand changes over time?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Sure. Let's start with the ceramic business. We believe we're entering the ceramic market at what we believe is a low point. We believe there's limited downside. There is potential for downside, but we believe there's much more upside in the ceramic business. Before we purchased the company, the company had already reduced its capacity, and they're running today at about 90% of their capacity. So the capacities are aligned with the business as it is today. We believe that we can impact the business positively by reducing their manufacturing costs further, by improving the product mix in the business, by executing best practices and reducing the overhead structures of the business with it. So we think we're buying at right spot. There is some short-term downside, but we think it's limited. And we think we're well positioned with the #1 position in Italy, France and Spain as we go through. The other businesses are further in the north, which don't have as much downside to them. We -- the Pergo business has opportunities with our European business of creating greater efficiencies, of new product introductions and broadening distribution of both businesses and taking costs out of the business as we manage those. It has a big opportunity to improve our position of both businesses as we leverage them together. And you have some of the similar things with Spano. Spano is a board business that is in the same communities as we are almost. And there's opportunities with Spano to reduce the cost structures significantly with synergies that make us more competitive in the piece. The businesses are complementary. They actually have some different focus on their customer base. We'll be able to maximize the productivity of each of the plants by moving products around so we have higher volumes of similar products. And so we believe again that also that we're in a good position to do it. We're going to put more investments in it throw out the high-cost assets in both of the businesses as we combine them together. And we think there's a good potential to be the low-cost provider in the marketplace and maximize our position with the best service in the market.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes. And I'll just add a couple points there, too. In Marazzi, if you look at sales, shipments actually made into Italy and into Spain, it represents a little bit less than 20% of the total Marazzi business right now. And then secondly, I think you had asked about the French insulation plant. And that insulation business is a -- about a EUR 1 billion business over in Europe, and it's actually growing because of energy requirements by the European governments over there. And it's got limited areas that we can sell it in before we start to run into distribution costs that are too high. So the opportunity to grow there is more growing with the industry as we expand out geographically.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The insulation business, our present plant will be just about fully utilized about the time the new plant comes up. So the new plant will allow us to broaden our distribution and keep growing, which we wouldn't be able to without it.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And so then longer term for -- especially for the Dal-Tile, the Unilin segments, are you still thinking that margins get back to, say, maybe 11%, 12%, somewhere in that range?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes, we're anticipating over time we get the margins back up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill from Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Frank, could you look at -- within the Unilin segment, I think volume for the full year was maybe plus 4 on an organic basis. Could you maybe split that out, positives and negatives, across the domestic laminate, domestic hardwood and then the international piece as well just to get the flavor of the puts and takes through the year?
Frank H. Boykin: I think if you looked at our North American business, it's -- the growth there was strong compared to the European business, stronger.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, the European business -- Western Europe is down, could be down as much as 5% to 10% in different categories. The laminate business will be down less and the build and product things with it would be down more. We have a roofing business we talked about. I mean, the roofing business is off more than all of those. What? On the other hand, our U.S. business is growing as well -- the general business is growing, as well as we're expanding our share in various marketplaces. So we think there's big opportunities in the U.S.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: And within U.S. laminate, how do you think about that category over the next couple of years and your ability to expand it in the face of LVT taking share overall?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think that the laminate business over time is going to have a difficult time growing much more than market, and LVT is going to grow at the expense of a lot of things. The laminate business in general sells at lower price points than the LVT at this point, so they should be able to coexist. But LVT, as it grows, will take from a lot of different categories.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: So is your expectation that your laminate business has to grow through market share accumulation?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Our intention is to grow it with the market and to take share. I think that we're in the right position. We basically focus on the mid- to high-end part of the market. Pergo focuses on the mid to high end. And so all our assets are structured to have high differentiation, to create higher value. And we're really not positioned to participate in the commodity opening price points because we -- our assets are set up differently than those. But that differentiation allows us to bring products to the marketplace that make it difficult for other people to bring the same value propositions. So I think that we'll be able to grow ours, at least with the marketplace, and hopefully that we'll be able to merge the businesses together and create a lot of efficiencies and cost savings.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim from Credit Suisse.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering in the Marazzi business, you talked about [indiscernible] despite demand being relatively low right now. As you think about the next couple years in recovery, what sort of your capital requirements do you think there'll be in that? How are you looking at that overall?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Is that relative to Europe or the whole business, your question?
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess you were talking about 90% in terms of  I was asking do you mean in Europe? Or how are you looking at that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The 90% was in Europe. And in the short term, we're going to invest some more to improve their efficiencies as well as to be able to improve their mix. And those plans are just -- are still being put together. At this point, we don't own it yet -- as yet, but we're -- we have plans which we'll have to confirm once we get closer to business. You have the Russian business, which is going to have to continue to have additional capacity to support its growth rate, which is in the low -- the high -- 10% or low-teen rate, we think, is the -- we can sustain over some period of time. And so with that, we're going to have to continue investing to support those growth rates. And then the U.S. business, we believe that we can grow the U.S. business and our Mexican business, which we use all the assets to support both of those together. As the U.S. business turns around long term, like we believe, and we can continue to invest in the business, we think that we -- a large part of the business is imported from other countries into the U.S., and we think we can provide greater value to our customers and outgrow the industry by producing more in the United States to support the industry.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of the Mohawk segment just a little bit, you talked  you've done a great job in terms of the mix improvement there where the rug category has been certainly lagging. You've talked about some sales growth initiatives. Is there anything you're doing in terms of just helping the rug side of the business? Or is that something where it's just much more to focus in terms of the higher price point, entire margin items than  or is this expectation that rugs continue to lag?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The rug sales showed improvement from quarter 3 to quarter 4. A lot of the business is driven by the very large retailers around the country who are still cautious about consumer demand. And with that, they have actually been pushing the product mix in their stores down to try to have lower retail price points. That's been impacting the industry as well. We have many new initiatives to go into new distribution areas that we haven't focused on as much to grow specific retail categories. We're introducing more fashionable rugs to try to change the retailers' focus on low opening price points and move them towards improving their mix. We've been utilizing new proprietary raw materials to different our products. We expect these things to show some benefit this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research Company.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: First question. On the tile business, wondering if could help us understand a little bit the incremental margin in 2012, which seems like it's a little bit below trend. I'm curious where the incremental margin ought to be in that business in '13, and also interested in how you think -- how the Marazzi compares to that margin over time.
Frank H. Boykin: As we've said before, Eric, the incremental margin in the tile business runs in the mid-20s. It was impacted specifically in the fourth quarter, though, with the plant shutdown costs that Jeff had mentioned that we put in place to control inventory levels. And then also, we had higher promotional sales that utilized the capacity. And then our Mexican plant, Salamanca, costs are improving, but we have potential there to get those up even higher. So if you look at the margin, they did -- the dollars actually went up 23%. Incremental margins would have been more in line with where they should have been, in the mid-20s, had it not been for those 3 items. And then there was one other question, I think?
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: How Marazzi matches up over time with Dal-Tile margins or compares to Dal-Tile margins over time.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We would expect the 2 to be fairly in line with each other over time. The question's going to be what happens with the European business and when does -- when do we recover those margins. We believe that the other -- the Russian business has potential to be higher margins, and the U.S. business should be in line with ours over time.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And then second question, the step-up in capital in 2013. Can you just talk a little bit about where that is? Is that all legacy? Is that inclusive of spending for the acquired businesses?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Capital expenditures is -- plan is about $300 million going into the year, including Pergo's new capital. It doesn't include new capital for the other businesses which we don't own yet. And there's nothing in there for any restructuring activities at this point. Many investments are going to support growth in the future. New products and expansion is about 40% of that, maybe a little more. It's going into new extrusion capacity in carpet. It's going to start putting in new ceramic capacity, which takes over a year to put in, so it's going into growth for future. It's insulation plant we talked about. And then we're starting to put some investment in to participate in manufacturing LVT that's going in this year. We have cost reduction plans of probably another $70 million, $80 million or more. And then the balance of it, most of it's in different types of maintenance or some small cost production pieces.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh from Stifel, Nicolaus.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I wonder if you could just share with us what you're seeing right now in terms of residential U.S. repair remodel spend. And maybe the same for commercial. And then, more or less, how you think that may unfold as 2013 unfolds?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Let's see. So far this year, it's difficult to read the carpet side because of 2 things. One is the price increase last year and timing of it, and now the new price increase. You have pre-buys and stuff going on last year at different times in the year, so it's difficult to read. In general, we see, so far this month, it's trending about as we expected through the period of time. We're seeing increases as we go through the period, and we think they'll be -- they're consistent with our estimates going forward that we have built into our earnings.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Do you care to give us a rough guideline of what those revenue expectations are? Not necessarily for the first quarter but as you think about, say, the resi repair/remodel for '13?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The remodeling piece, at the moment, I have to say that we haven't seen a significant upturn in it at this point. Our expectations are that as economy and people keep working more and based on the indicators that we see, that people will start spending more. But I can't say that it's taken off yet.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I'll shift John's question to Europe, how it trends in Europe then. And is there any sort of bottoming you're seeing in Western Europe in the Unilin business?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The trends in Europe are still difficult. We started this year, and the weather was more difficult than the first part of January, which had a negative impact on sales. We also had -- in our business, we had some price increases last year, which created a pre-buy in January that affected the comps, so it's making it a little difficult for us to see. I can tell you that the trends are still negative across the business. We talked about somewhere between 5% and 10% across the different business categories with some better and some worse. The attitudes of our people are that they feel a little better about things going on. It looks like that the banks are keeping liquidity in the business over there, and we're hoping it's near the bottom. We'll all get to see.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: If you go to Eastern Europe then, I know that was a big -- been a big market for you and even there with Marazzi in terms of growth. Are we looking at another growth good growth year in Eastern Europe, specifically Russia, in '13?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Russia, business continues strong. The Russian economy continues good. And the building industry, there's a shortage of housing. And so it continues to go. So we're looking for a strong Russian market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Desi DiPierro from RBC.
Desi DiPierro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: On the depreciation and amortization guidance, doesn't look like it includes Marazzi. So what can we expect for 2013 depreciation for that business?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, you're right, it does not include Marazzi. It includes our legacy business in Mohawk and it includes Pergo. Marazzi, we've not finished all of the purchase accounting and step-up for the assets, so we don't have a number going forward. I can tell you, though, that their historical depreciation and amortization ran about $75 million annually. But it will increase. That number will increase once we complete the purchase accounting.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We appreciate everyone joining us. We believe we're well positioned going into 2013. We believe that the acquisitions that we've put in place will benefit us greatly over the long term. And we're well positioned to take advantage of what's going on in the United States. Thank you very much for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Stephen Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division David J. Manger - AMI Investment Management, Inc. Adam Baumgarten - Macquarie Research Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company
Operator: Good morning. My name is Felicia, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries' Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, November 2. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and CEO. Mr. Lorberbaum, you may begin your conference.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Good morning, and welcome to the Mohawk third quarter earnings call. With me, I have Frank Boykin, our CFO. Would you please give the Safe Harbor Statement.
Frank H. Boykin: I'd be glad to. I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Our third quarter earnings per share were $1.01 as reported or $1.04, excluding restructuring charges, reflecting an increase of 25% over 2011 adjusted earnings. Improvement in product mix, pricing, volume and productivity, as well as lower interest expense contributed to our results. Sales increased 2% as reported or 4% on a constant exchange rate. During the period, we generated EBITDA of $179 million and free cash flow of $156 million. Both our debt-to-adjusted EBITDA and net capital -- and net debt-to-capitalization ratios improved to 1.7x and 22%, respectively. Across the enterprise, we have managed to keep SG&A dollars in line with last year, even as we increased significantly more in new product innovation and marketing to improve our future sales and product mix. After the quarter closed, we announced that we had entered into an agreement to acquire Pergo, the most recognized brand of premium laminate flooring in both Europe and the United States for $150 million in cash. Pergo operates manufacturing facilities in the U.S. and Sweden and has generated 2011 sales of approximately $320 million. In the U.S., the acquisition complements our strong Unilin specialty retail distribution with Pergo's strength in the DIY channel. In Europe, Pergo's most significant market position is in the Nordic region, which broadens our laminate distribution. In addition, Pergo will enhance other geographic positions and provide opportunities to augment Unilin's patent portfolio. The combination offers significant opportunity to optimize the assets of both companies, while expanding the product design and performance features of both brands. Any indicators anticipate improving trends for our industry and business, both of which have lagged the overall economy. The U.S. commerce department reported that record low mortgage rates, increasing home prices and limited supply of existing homes have led to the fastest growth in new home construction and building permits in more than 4 years. In October, we set affirmed plans to keep interest low through at least mid-2015. With existing home sales strong, Harvard's leading indicator of remodeling activity is predicting increased growth and renovation spending. The AIA's Architecture Billings Index also moved higher, projecting additional commercial construction. Finally, the consumer confidence index also rose at the end of the quarter after an August dip. Frank, could you give our financial report, please?
Frank H. Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Net sales for the quarter of $1.473 billion were 2% over last year or 4% on a constant-exchange-rate basis with both volume and price driving gross. Gross profit was $373 million or a margin of 25.3%. That's a 50 basis point improvement over last year, resulting from higher volume, productivity initiatives, pricing and mix. In addition, continuing product innovation, cost reduction and process improvements are driving better results. Our SG&A was $269 million or 18.2% of net sales. SG&A dollars were about flat with last year with our percent to net sales improving 30 basis points. Emphasis across all businesses on cost control and lean activities are positively impacting us. We had restructuring charges in the quarter of $4 million, of which $3 million were incurred in the Mohawk segment and the remaining $1 million in the Unilin segment. These were incurred to align the business with the current economic conditions. About half, $2 million of those restructuring charges were cash. Operating income, excluding charges, was $108 million or 7.3% of net sales. This represents a 15% growth in operating income dollars over last year. Interest expense was $18 million, down $7 million from last year. The improvement was due to second quarter payment we made this year of $336 million of the 7.2% bonds, as well as a rating agency upgrade that we improved early -- that we -- upgrade that was made earlier. Other expense improved from last year due to the negative impact of foreign exchange that we incurred last year. Our income tax rate was 20% this year, that compares to an 11% tax rate that we have last year. We're expecting our fourth quarter tax rate to be in the high-teens. Our earnings per share, excluding charges, was $1.04. This is up 25% over last year. We had this increase even with significant startup costs from capital projects that were installed during the year. For the full year, we're expecting start up cost of approximately $8 million. Jumping to the segments. The Mohawk segment sales were $752 million, about flat with last year. We had improving mix and increasing prices, which offset lower volumes. Operating income, excluding charges, was $47 million or a margin of 6.2%. This is 180 basis point improvement over last year, driven by higher productivity and better mix in pricing. In the Dal-Tile segment, sales were $418 million, a 9% improvement over last year or a 10% increase on a constant-exchange-rate basis. All categories across the business grew this quarter. Our U.S. residential, U.S. commercial and Mexican business were all up over last year. Operating income was $37 million, a margin of 9%. Improvement was from volume increases, which were slightly offset by startup costs and some plant volume adjustments. In the Unilin segment, our sales were $329 million, up 9% on a constant-exchange-rate basis. We were favorably impacted by North American volume, Russian growth and the Australian acquisition, all of this offsetting slower Western European sales. Operating income, excluding charges, was $30 million with a margin of 9.1%. Foreign exchange was a drag on operating profit of $4 million. We also experienced raw material headwinds and a lower mix during the quarter. Our Corporate segment had an operating loss of $6 million, which was expected. For the full year, we're anticipating about a $25 million loss. Moving to the balance sheet. Cash ended the quarter at $381 million. We continue to have strong cash flow this quarter with free cash flow of $156 million, improving our cash position and allowing us to continue to pay down debt. Receivables were $817 million, with a slightly higher DSO primarily from channel mix changes. Inventories ended the quarter at $1.1 billion, flat with last year, but with our days improving slightly. We're continuing to focus on improving our turns across all of the business. Fixed assets ended the quarter at a $1.657 billion. This included capital expenditures in the third quarter of $47 million. We're projecting full year capital expenditures of $200 million and we're estimating depreciation and amortization for the full year of $290 million. The Unilin amortization in the fourth quarter is expected to decline by $7 million and an additional $35 million next year as certain intangible assets become fully amortized. Long-term debt, including current portion was $1.525 billion. Our debt is down $86 million from last year. We continue to improve our leverage with our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.7x. We anticipate using a portion of our bank availability and a portion of our European cash on hand to finance our Pergo acquisition. Jeff, I'll hand it back over to you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Mohawk segment increased its adjusted operating income margin of 180 basis points, with sales remaining about flat compared to 2011. The gains stemmed from improved pricing and product mix, reduced cost of manufacturing and distribution, increased productivity. Our carpet sales performance was stronger on our specialty and contractor channels, both offset by the timing of product transitions to the home center channel. Our rug sales improved over the prior period though they still remained below last year as retail adjusted their strategies with consumer spending. Carpet price increases implemented during the second quarter continue to benefit our results this quarter. We saw a continued improvement in mix from our industry-leading products, which have redefined the premium carpet market. We launched additional products to broaden our SmartStrand Silk collection and capitalized on the exceptional customer appeal of this innovation. To further expand the customer demand for silks, unsurpassed softness, high performance and proprietary environmental features, we initiated an ad campaign, along with a new retail marketing program. We also integrated a new SmartStrand premium cushion into merchandising our silk offering. Complemented demand for SmartStrand Silk softness, we extended technology to create the next generation of supersoft nylon carpet we brand Wear-Dated Embrace, which is being launched as we speak. Going forward, Embrace will further improve our premium carpet offering for consumers seeking luxurious softness at a lower retail price point without the performance features of silk. In our Mohawk branded hard services, the innovative technology and wood, ceramic, and laminate featured in our recent introductions, increased our sales growth during the period. To satisfy the expending builder multifamily channels, we've recently introduced targeted value products in laminate, porcelain and LVT. During the quarter, we announced price increases to cover the cost inflation in our ceramic and solid wood products. In the commercial category, we also adapted SmartStrand superior stain resistant, an excellent performance with the new broadloom and tile products. We also introduced our new State of the Mind collection, which is made of our exclusive Duracolor technology that redefines premium modular tile by providing stylish products with the ultimate performance at affordable price points. Our nonspecified commercial sales continue expanding with the introduction of new refined products, combined appealing design and durability, the addition of more specialized sales representatives, expanding customer base. Across this segment, we improved our manufacturing, distribution efficiencies, realized productivity gains from our capital investments and reduced our waste levels. During the period, we completed the closure of a yarn plant and integrated the production into an existing extrusion facility, which enhanced our cost structure. Our new customer relationship management tool is increasing our professional approach of our sales personnel, while improving our sales force productivity, increasing customer opportunity and enhancing commercial project management. Dal-Tile sales grew 9% during the quarter or 10% on a constant exchange rate. This segment improved sales in both the residential and commercial categories and continued significant growth in the Mexican market. Margins were enhanced from actions that improve productivity and increased yields. During the period, we announced a 2% to 4% price increase for most products to recover the inflation in our material and distribution cost. Sales grew across all residential channels supported by our new Reveal Imaging designs, fashionable mosaic tiles and larger format tiles. We're leveraging Dal-Tile's traditional strength in the builder channel across all our business segments to expand commitments with regional builders. We've introduced specific value-engineered products to gain position in the growing multifamily category, improving our product management, our introductions are achieving a higher level of success and our SKU productivity is rising. Commercial sales increased during the period with restaurant, retail and hospitality sectors leading the growth. We're aggressively pursuing high-volume remodeling projects in shopping malls and national restaurant chains that were deferred during the previous years. To improve our position in the premium commercial category, we're targeting architects and designers with a new sophisticated collection we call Next, which features contemporary designs, expansive color lines and unique textures. In our American Olean, we've added commercial specification representatives, as well as upgrading some of our distribution partners in key markets. In Mexico, our new Salamanca plant is successfully ramping up and supplying product to satisfy our growing ceramic position. This year, the plant will begin to export its products to the U.S. The ramp-up is progressing faster than we anticipated and creating some temporary plant adjustments. Salamanca continued to incur startup cost at decreasing levels as we move closer to achieving our anticipated cost structure. As a result of our leading design, comprehensive portfolio and local manufacturing, our sales continue to significantly outpace the Mexican ceramic market, which we estimate is growing about 5% this year. By consistently delivering style, quality and value, we're expanding our retail customer base, securing large construction projects and positioning ourselves as a key participant in the Mexican market. During the quarter, Dal-Tile lowered manufacturing cost to improve material formulations, higher yields and lower waste. Our ongoing quality initiatives have reduced cost and lowered customer deductions. To align production with consumer preferences, we announced the closing of our Olean New York facility, consolidation of our unglazed Mosaic production. We reduced our freight expense through improved efficiencies, consolidated shipments and energy surcharges. Unilin's third quarter sales were approximately flat as reported, but grew 9% on a local basis. Gain from sales increases in Russia and the U.S., insulation board growth, and home center channel expansion compensated for the soft environment in Western Europe. Our margins were impacted by raw material inflation. Customers trading down and a higher participation in the DIY channel. We implemented cost reductions, including enhanced operational efficiencies, increased recycled content, improved raw material yield and continued improvement in administrative expenses. Outside North America, laminate and wood flooring sales grew from continued expansion into the DIY channel, increased distribution in Russia and our Australian acquisition. To capitalize on growing European categories, we're introducing a premium LVT plank that features our Uniclic technology for easy installation. Our Russian laminate facility increases production and implemented productivity improvements that reduced our costs. During the quarter, we increased sales on Russia by expanding our customer base and broadening our commitments to existing customers. In Australia, favorable product mix, as well as increasing sales of Unilin produced products, yielded margin improvements. In North America, we grew our laminate and wood products through all customer channels during the quarter. New product introductions increased home center penetration and gains within the builder channel and promotional activity, increased our sales. In our wood category, manufacturing improvements offset a lower product mix, introduced new higher value wood products with fashionable soft scrape surfaces and rich finishes. In the fourth quarter, we announced a 6% price increase for our solid wood flooring. Declining new construction in Benelux and France created headwinds for our roofing panels. To reduce costs in this category, we're consolidating our brand and sales forces, as well as executing process improvements. By helping meet European energy goals, our insulation panels delivered strong sales increases. We completed the expansion at our Belgian insulation panel facility, we began construction of a second plant in France to satisfy our growing demand. In July, Quick-Step was voted #1 in laminate in a survey of North American retailers. In August, both Colombia Wood and Quick-Step laminate were given Manufacturer of the Year Award at another retail sponsored ceremony. Mohawk's third quarter results reflect our strength in delivering innovative products, driving operational excellence and entering new geographic markets. We continue to invest strategically by introducing differentiated products, lowering our manufacturing administrative costs and acquiring new companies that will enhance our results. We've taken the necessary steps to align our pricing with our raw material inflation and we'll react as required. In the U.S., increasing new home construction and improved sales of existing homes provides a positive outlook for future flooring growth. In Europe, soft market conditions due to economic uncertainty and changes in exchange rates are anticipated to be a headwind. Based on these factors, our guidance for the fourth quarter is $0.89 to $0.98 per share, excluding any restructuring costs. Mohawk's strong financial position allowed us to enter an agreement to acquire Pergo, which will benefit our worldwide laminate business. We are well positioned to invest in other opportunities as they arise. We continue to execute our long-term strategy of product innovation, cost reduction, asset maximization and geographic expansion. Each of our businesses is well situated to benefit from the improvements in the U.S. remodeling and construction category which remain substantially below their peak levels. Our organization is focused on bringing value to our customers, while maximizing our results. With that, we'll be glad to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Barclays.
Stephen Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Frank, I was glad you hear you talk about that amortization. We've been looking for that for a while. My first question, I did want to talk about Unilin and Pergo. I guess, specifically I wanted to see if you could give a little more clarity around the -- what kind of accretion we might see or perhaps coming at it from a perspective of what multiples you may have paid on an EBITDA basis or an EBIT basis would be helpful.
Frank H. Boykin: The price was somewhere around 6x EBITDA, but they were depressed earnings level. We expect to improve their results with synergies that we expect to have across the whole businesses. The Pergo business is complementary to our business because we're both going after the mid- to high-end of the premium market of laminate, both in the U.S., as well as in Europe. The sales distribution is incremental to ours, a combination of the design and performance features that both businesses have, we expect to enhance our product portfolio. We see significant potential during the near-term to optimize the manufacturing, both in the U.S., as well as Europe. And then there's also additional opportunity to leverage some of their patents and our licensing knowledge, so we think it's good for the company long term.
Stephen Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's great. That's good color. The second question I wanted to ask you about relates to your Mohawk division, specifically, in the U.S., you were referring to the home center channel having some transition and some timing issues related to product transitions. Could you be a little more specific there? And help us understand what sort of happened in the quarter. And when you say timing like that, it makes one think that perhaps you might see a rebound in the fourth quarter to sort of make up what was lost in this quarter. Is that the right way that we should be thinking about that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: What happened was that we have products that were dropped before the new product introductions went in leaving a void. We have commitments in the channel for new products. It will go in between the fourth and first quarters, so we're confident that we'll be back where we want to be next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Just on the Pergo, what was there? Can you be specific with respect to synergy expectations?
Frank H. Boykin: We've just recently signed the documents and the agreement. We have meetings going on and it's going to be a while before we have details of all the changes. We have a long list of opportunities relating to the things that I talked about before. But some of it's got to do with the 2 brands and how we manage the brands in the marketplace. We think that there's going to be -- both companies are driven by innovation, and we think that both combined are stronger than they were before. The plants are very similar. We think that we have some knowledge that can help them and they help us. On the other hand, they have been starved for capital for a while and we see that as being helpful to both. We believe there's ways of optimizing the plant utilizations between both plants and use the plants to manufacture different brands. It also helps vertically integrate Pergo and we think there's opportunities to improve the administrative functions. We're not going to do all this on day one, though.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. You're still waiting to get your arms around sort of the quantifications of the synergies?
Frank H. Boykin: David, we still expect it to be slightly accretive in the first year. You're going to start to move through some of those synergies.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Jeff, you've made a lot of progress in terms of penetrating the home center channel in North America with your laminate product and I'm just wondering if there's cannibalization concerns here?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, the Pergo products in the home center channel are in a branded category. They're separate from the rest. We see there's opportunity to do it. Again, though, the market share will go up so it could limit the long-term growth potential because we can't take it from Pergo anymore.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And just last question. The Russian ramp in your Unilin business and the Australia acquisition, can you quantify just what that would have contributed to segment revenues in the quarter?
Frank H. Boykin: We haven't broken out that level of detail, David.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Is the Russian ramp, is that still kind of a $100 million revenue potential business?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: That's about the capacity of the plant. There's no import to support it.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim with Credit Suisse.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: What are you doing in terms of the introduction of Embrace there? I think SmartStrand has been great in terms of the higher price point in carpet and helping the margins also getting away from commodities. When you think about Embrace, how much room do you think there is in sort of the higher price point market in carpet and how deep that segment is for the customer there?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think that what we've started with, the beginning of the year with what we called silk. We have changed the premium part of the market place. What's going on at retail is that softness is becoming the rationale for buying higher valued products. And my expectations would be that by a year or so from now, a majority of the premium products the marketplace will have that. By us leading with silk with higher -- it has more features to help the customer and we've come back with Embrace, which we're going to retail at a price point slightly under it with less features, we think that we're positioned to maximize our part of the marketplace. And in both cases, we believe we have -- we're leading the entrance of the products, which is a good place to be. The market is still going to change rapidly.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I'm just wondering how much of your -- of the carpet sales do you see that segment going, that portion of the carpet sales going to?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't have the number off the top of my head. We have estimates. I mean, we believe is the whole high end part of the market, I don't remember the numbers off the top of my head with all the different product categories we have. But I mean, our expectations are that the entire premium marketplace will end up there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question on the Mohawk segment. Obviously, this year and the last couple of quarters specifically from a margin standpoint, you've been able to show some nice improvement. Just trying to get a sense on a year-over-year basis, how much of the improvement year-over-year. I mean, you kind of broke out, for example, this quarter, mix in price kind of offset volume. Out of 180 basis points, is the mix in price roughly equal positive contributors? And how do you see that flowing through on any type of incremental basis over the next year?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think most of the pricing, there was pricing in it, but most of the pricing was to cover material inflation is it. So the majority of the improvement in margin came from productivity increases, mix changes in the marketplace, improvements in operations.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And going forward, I mean, that mix, would you think that you could get another 50 or 100 bps lift into '13?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Our goal is to keep raising the margins going forward and to keep improving it. We're not satisfied the margins in the segment. We think that through mix and continued productivity, we can keep improving it.
Michael Jason Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And also on the product transition in home centers in Mohawk, I believe you said, Jeff, that you expect some of it to come back in 4Q and some in the first quarter as well. But can you just give us a sense of, on a revenue, on a dollars basis, what impact that was to sales growth in 3Q?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We don't break it down to that detail level but it did impact the business and we expect to be back in line or better with the industry. We think that all of things that we're doing in the high-end part of marketplace, in pushing products there -- across the business, we think, we've improved the execution of our sales force and we think the business and the economy is going to help us a little bit. I think we're well positioned.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zener with KeyBanc.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: On the tile side, obviously, Salamanca came up faster than expected. I think there was a couple of different issues you talked about there, kind of startup, as well as the fact because it came on, it kind of impacted inventory. Could you be -- just to be clear, reframe how much that was of getting on the startup cost, as well as the inventory. And if it was just a 3Q event or if it's also going to carry into 4Q?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Let me start with the inventory thing. The inventory, what happened is we go into the period and we estimate the sales and that we align the production to meet the sales of that period. And what happened is what we estimated Salamanca to produce, we were able to achieve it coming up faster so we've made some adjustments in the inventory to make up for those. And so there were some shut down costs related to that. Frank, give them some numbers.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, the startup costs were about $2 million in the quarter. They won't be that large in the fourth quarter, but there will be a little bit more in the fourth quarter.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And now is that $2 million start up, that's, obviously in the reported EBIT and then was there an associated -- is that also including the inventory impact?
Frank H. Boykin: No, no. The inventory -- the impact of the -- of shutting down production to get inventories in line was above that.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Above that?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Will that carry into 4Q?
Frank H. Boykin: No, I don't think so.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Again, very nice -- Pergo, what a nice fit for you guys. Considering the margin mix you're seeing in carpets, an area which -- very good industry structure there for the industry, how large, given your product innovation, a, how large is that kind of that high-end of the market if you want to think about in terms of what volume and dollars, I would appreciate that or percentage of volume, a. And then b, what you're doing with silk because you learned how to manage the Triexta material. How do you think about that in terms of sustainability versus just being more commoditized over time?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The first question was?
Frank H. Boykin: How much of the market is high end in the carpet.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The high end in Pergo...
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Not Pergo, I'm sorry, in carpets, carpets.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In carpets.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes, yes. That's where you're, obviously, getting good mix out of.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, listen, we have so many different product categories in markets. I don't remember all the numbers. If you'll call Frank, he'll get you an estimate of the percentage of the business. But we believe that the long-term piece is that these will become fundamental parts of the marketplace, that silk will be the premium end and that the Embrace products will be here. We're leading the market, we're getting to market faster than the rest so we think we'll be able to improve our positions. Over time, the industry is going to move there as fast as it can and then the softness that's been going over the last 3 or 4 years, getting softer and softer, so this is the next step in it. We think the industry will try to catch up with other alternatives over the next year. We think it's sustainable. There will be more competition in the marketplace a year from now than there is today.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Baugh with Stifel, Nicolaus.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Could you comment on are there -- first of all, any capacity constraint issues relating to SmartStrand or silk? And then some thoughts, if you have any, towards the SG&A component as we move into 2013, do you anticipate it going up, going up less than sales? Any color on that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Constraints, we don't see any constraints on raw materials. We continue to add extrusion capacity in to support the business. During the downturn, significant parts of the industry changed raw material types which it used for the excess capacity the industry had and we had in [indiscernible], as well as well in polypropylene. There is limited excess capacity in the industry going forward because we obsoleted it so much of it during the downturn. And due to consumer preferences changing, the valuations of different products.
Frank H. Boykin: On the SG&A, John, this year, as we've said, when we get to the end of the year, we expect the full year to be, in dollars, flat with where we were a year ago. Going into next year, depending on what you use as your estimate for sales, I mean, it's not going to go up at the same rate of sales. But it would be hard to keep it flat, if you assume some improvement in the top line next year. And we said though, as you know, we are laser focused on reducing SG&A. We got lean initiatives across the organization. We've got every function looking at the different activities and how they can improve the activities and reduce cost. So we'll continue to be focused on it but there probably would be some increases as we go into next year with sales going up.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: This year, you're not seeing all the activity that actually happen. The inflation in our SG&A, which occurs from -- on downtown, we have 200-and-something warehouses that typically go up, a few presenting all the personnel pieces. We have absorbed those and then we increased significantly the amount of new product introductions at all our different divisions. And so we took the cost down and supplemented them with what we believe are investments in new areas which are going to help the long term.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just quickly on Pergo, could you comment at all whether there's any sales trend there up or down going into this merger and maybe FX adjusted? And then also on your Western European business, which is, obviously, down year-over-year, is there a light at the end of the tunnel or a slowing of the rate of decline year-over-year for your Western European revenue?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The Pergo business has been -- the trend lines that are less than positive, they've been taking actions to improve the profitability of the business and change the mix of the products. So they have improved some of the margins over the time, they're still not where they need to be. In Western Europe, if you just segment out our historical business and take out all the new actions, I would guess that Western Europe is probably down about 10%, if you take it on an apples-to-apples basis in the different product categories and pieces in all the positive initiatives out of it, we don't see any trends that are going to change it tomorrow.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: The compares don't get easier at some point?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, if it quits declining, it will get easier.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall with RBC.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just wanted to understand new residential construction keeps going at a pretty good clip. I wanted to just get a ballpark idea of how much better Mohawk would do on the carpet side of things if new starts go to $900,000 in 2013.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: If you assume that they're about $750,000 this year, that's about a 15% increase in that category, it makes up about 20% of the Mohawk business, maybe a little less now, I don't know. Could be less than that now with where it went to. So there's growth in it. The big opportunity is in consumer confidence, and housing prices reaching a point where people start remodeling the pieces in addition to that. The remodeling side really hasn't done what we had anticipated. We still believe that people want to live in nice places and as they get more confident about the prices of home stabilizing, we expect improvement in the remodeling piece, too.
Frank H. Boykin: And we think there's a good bit of pent-up demand on the remodeling side. If you look at the carpet industry, it's been down for 5 or 6 years and people just haven't been replacing carpets. As Jeff said, once the economy starts to show some improvement, consumers become more confident and start spending again, we should see a nice impact from that.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: What's happening in this time also is the Dal-Tile segment has a much higher portion in new construction. And so the positive move of it impact the Dal-Tile segment much more than the carpet segment and I think 40% of their residential business, I believe, is in construction.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. So you have a mixed biased towards -- on Dal-Tile specifically, you guys had a very strong quarter saleswise. Given current trends, repair and remodel spending is a bit softness as you noted, what do you think is driving that big move up? Is just the fact that you're gaining steam in Mexico and you have momentum there? Or what's the core driver of the better performance there?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, part of it as we just talked about, they have a larger part of the new construction business. The new construction business is up about the same 15% we're talking about next year. We have a broad product offering, a differentiated product line. We have the distribution strength in the marketplace that combined with -- we have the technology and design over the last few years has moved to new digital printing that we lead the industry in what we call Reveal technology in style and design technology taking benefit of those things. And so the combination of all those things are improving our U.S. business. The Mexican business is growing rapidly but from a small base. So it can't impact the business as much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: First question, just around the hardwood business, I think you mentioned that product mix was a drag in the quarter. Can you just talk big picture about what you're seeing in price and mix and maybe separate those 2 within the industry and just talk about the drivers there as far as what's causing that both on the quarter and how you think about that playing out as residential construction recovers?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The wood business is highly impacted by the new construction business. A lot of the things we're talking about new construction, remember that the flooring is one of the last things to go in new home constructions. So what happened through the year in starts, we put in, in the last month of the building process. So it's still flowing in. We think that wood segment will be positively impacted by it because they're so -- such a -- wood has the highest percentage in new home construction than any of the other product categories. There is some of changes -- the raw material side of the wood business as it picks up, a huge part of the infrastructure to cut the trees down and cut them up was taken out during this downturn. So as its picked up, there's pressure on pricing. And so the solid wood side, which has the most -- the largest use of the wood per square-foot there's pressure on it, which is why we've announced a price increase to cover the prices in it as we go forward.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: So looking back, realizing you have a price increase announced and coming, have you seen price pressure in the business within the builder channel or is it just the mix between builder and remodel that's driving that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There's pricing pressure in all marketplaces today with the industry still at lower levels, we're not past the pricing pressure, if anything. The builder side of it, given the pressure on the building prices, they're trying to buy more moderately priced products. In our business, we're trying to keep improving the cost structures of what we have. If we can get a little more volume through the place, we'll do quite well.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Okay. Frank, as we fold in Pergo next year, can you just give us a little bit more detail on what the D&A will look like once that closed? And then maybe just clarify the revenue side. Is the $320 million a good number to assume for 2012 or is that lower year-over-year?
Frank H. Boykin: Well, on the D&A said, we're not prepared. We're still kind of going through that process of assigning the values in purchase accounting, so I'm not prepared to give you a number on that yet. And on the revenue side, think we said there about $320 million and they've had some headwinds here over the last 9 months or so. So it's probably going to be down at least initially a little bit from that.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Okay. And then just one last one. Within the carpet, I think the last couple of quarters, there's just been some issues with both mass merchants and home centers this quarter. If you excluded those customers, what would volumes look like year-over-year within the carpet segment just roughly?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Sorry, I'm not sure what you want to...
Frank H. Boykin: I think your question is if we excluded rug business, what would the volumes look like, is that it?
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Well, but then you also have the home center business this quarter. I guess, if you just exclude the mass merchants and home centers in total, what would volumes look like?
Frank H. Boykin: Well, I mean, if you exclude the 2 pieces, those 2 pieces, the balance of the business would have been up by -- several percent higher than the average of the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line from Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. Most of my questions have been asked and answered. Specific to pricing, I know you're talking about wood and ceramic price increases having gone through, are you seeing input cost pressures on the carpet side? I think Honeywell mentioned raising prices on caprolactam and nylon 6. I was wondering whether that was becoming more pervasive to the point where you'd require some pricing increases there incrementally?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think we're a little early in the point. So far, the material costs haven't changed significantly. There are signs of potential cost pressures. But we're not sure what will happen at this point. Our raw materials are influenced by the chemical supply and demand, as well as oil prices and we're watching it. At this point, we haven't announced anything. Depending upon what happens, we'll adjust if necessary.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And my last question. Frank, I think you were answering a prior question regarding Dal-Tile and the impact of the Mexican business being small because it's coming from a small base. Could then we assume then that the U.S. growth in Dal-Tile roughly approximates the 9% growth that you saw in this segment?
Frank H. Boykin: A little less, but not...
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Not appreciably less?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Maklari with UBS.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A bigger picture, can you guys discuss -- has your appetite to do some acquisitions outside of flooring changed at all, especially as we start to see housing and maybe some general economic improvement coming through?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Our primary focus on acquisitions are things within the categories that we know that we can get leverage from either knowledge, geography, the businesses, putting them together. On the other hand, in the right set of circumstances, we wouldn't rule out something else but the majority of our focus is leveraging the businesses we're in.
Frank H. Boykin: And we think there's a good many opportunities for us to stay focused on flooring.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then as you sort of look out geographically, you've made a lot of progress over the last few years. Clearly, Russia and Mexico and now Pergo gets you sort of into a different part of Europe somewhat, too. Can you talk about maybe where else can you sort of take your product next and what lies ahead for that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: As you would expect, the places we look at, primarily are the ones that are growing higher. So if you go around the world, you have Eastern Europe, you have Russia, China, Australia, Brazil and then India is a little difficult for people to figure out. But we would have interest under the right set of circumstances. It doesn't mean we won't look at other places either. I think Mexico is surprising, how it sort of separated itself from the U.S. and I think Mexico has a lot of potential in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Question on the insulated panel business and Europe. You made some comments, good and bad, in the press release. Is that business up in the quarter and is it up for the year?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There may be a little confusion. In what we call our insulation piece, sometimes -- we have a roofing business, which are insulated roofing panels and that goes into new construction remodeling went down under pressure and it's mostly a regional business in the Benelux area. We then started about 3 years ago with a new business that we called -- with a product we called insulation boards. And those insulation boards are used to help meet European energy expectations. That industry is growing double digits and we basically started with no business and with similar technologies that we have and we built a nice niche business. The plant that we built has about $100 million worth of capacity in it. We expanded it to that. Lately, we're running it and so now we're looking for the next step, which is broadening. We have to put up more capacity. We have started building a site in France. We are presently selling into that area from where we are, and we expect it to be up and running the end of next year.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: So I assume the new product you discussed is still a lot smaller than that roofing business, correct?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes.
David J. Manger - AMI Investment Management, Inc.: Okay. And as you look forward in that businesses is that share gain, specifically in the new business, is that going to continue or is there a limit you're going to reach here near-term?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It depends on what happens. We believe that the industry is somewhere around $1 billion.
Frank H. Boykin: EUR 1 billion.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: EUR 1 billion. That's growing 10% or more. So we think there's a significant opportunity in it. At the other side, we're not the only competitor in it, there are other people are trying to grow at the same time.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: If we exclude those 2 businesses out with the Unilin segment numbers on constant currency, would they be higher than what you reported?
Frank H. Boykin: North America is up. If you excluded those 2, trying to do the math here in my head, yes, the Unilin total, total Unilin business would be higher.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie.
Adam Baumgarten - Macquarie Research: This is Adam for Mike. Just a quick question in Unilin. How much room do you guys have left in the DIY expansion? And when do you start anniversary-ing this, if that's kind of the way to look at it?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We talk about it like it's one thing. But what happens is you have DIY, which is called home centers in the U.S. and there's DIY in Europe, which is smaller, more regional businesses, and we actually have different approaches in both continents. In the U.S., if you go back 2 or 3 years, we had, I think, probably close to 0 being sold as laminate through the home centers and the home center channel controls somewhere around 50% of that category of product. But we started building the business in it. The Pergo acquisition, which is good for us, is that their primary sales are through those channels and so it complements where we were going, just gets us there faster. In the European side of the business, we have a different approach where we are putting together -- we are adding to most of them a premium branded segment on top of it but we're doing it with limited distribution strategy so it fits us and them and gives them a differentiated feature and 2 different strategies, both of which have been working so far.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: I was just wondering in the Unilin segment, with a growth of 9%, ex currency, what's the sustainability of the benefits in Russia, in the U.S., in Australia offsetting the weaker euro?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, the Australian acquisition, we're anniversary-ing this quarter so we won't see the same kind of benefit next quarter, next year as we had in the past for that. And the others, Russia continues to grow. We continue to take market share. Insulation continues to grow, so we should see continued help from both of those as we move forward, as well as DIY growth.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: And then we've said before that the Western European businesses are down around 10%, give or take. And we don't know if it's bottomed out or it will keep going down and work more.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. I would like to turn the conference back to Mr. Lorberbaum for any closing remarks.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you very much for joining us. Have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Stephen Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division Mike Wood - Macquarie Research David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC. Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephanie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this call is being recorded today, August 3, 2012. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Jeff Lorberbaum, CEO and Chairman of Mohawk Industries. Mr. Lorberbaum, you may begin your conference.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Good morning, and thank you for joining our second quarter 2012 conference call. Joining me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review our Safe Harbor statement and later, our financial results. Frank?
Frank H. Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Our second quarter earnings per share were $1.06 as reported, or $1.14, an increase of 20% over 2011, excluding restructuring charges. Selling prices offsetting raw material inflation, productivity gains, product mix improvements and lower interest costs all contributed to our results. Sales increased 2% on a constant exchange rate, with commercial sales continuing to outpace residential sales. We continue to control SG&A costs while increasing new product investments across all businesses. During the quarter, we generated adjusted EBITDA of $187 million, free cash flow of $96 million and paid off $336 million of senior notes. U.S. commercial activity continues to expand as it has for some time. The residential multifamily category is improving with the rising occupancy and additional construction projects. Residential new construction is rebounding from a low level, as reflected by the National Association of Home Builders confidence index reaching its highest level in 5 years. Residential remodeling continues to lag due to concerns by consumers about the general economy and compressed housing prices. As the second period progressed, the flooring industry slowed along with retail in general. Frank, could you give the financial report, please?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes. Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Net sales for the quarter were $1,470,000,000, down 1% as reported or, as Jeff pointed out, up 2% on a constant exchange rate basis. Higher prices and better mix offset lower volumes in the quarter. Overall, commercial and sales outperformed residential. Our gross profit margin was 26.4%, an improvement over the 25.9% last year and up 70 basis points over last year, excluding restructuring charges. SG&A was $281 million or 19.1% of sales. We held dollars flat to last year, with emphasis on cost control placed across all of our businesses. We're focusing on reviewing all functions to apply Lean principles throughout the business to continue to control cost. Restructuring charges were $8 million. They included $7 million in the Mohawk segment and $1 million in the Unilin segment. We closed a yarn plant and consolidated other operations in our carpet segment, and then we've also announced an additional carpet plant closure for the third quarter. Our operating income was $116 million with a margin of 7.9%, excluding charges. Operating income improved 7% over last year as a result of our many efforts over the business. Interest expense was $19 million and improved $7 million over last year. These results was -- the improved results were from rating agency upgrades, as well as lower rates realized when our 2012 bonds were rolled over into the revolver. We expect similar results in the second half for our interest expense. Other expense was down, primarily due to foreign exchange. Our income tax rate, excluding charges, was 18%. We expect a rate of 19% to 20% in the second half. Earnings per share, excluding charges, was $1.14 per share, which was a 20% improvement over last year. If we jump to the segments, the Mohawk segment sales were $734 million, down 3% from last year. Carpet price increases implemented in the first quarter are holding up well, mix improving with more activity, and premium products also benefited our sales. Rug continues to be impacted by lower retail activity. Operating income, excluding charges, was $45 million or 6.1% of sales and improved 110 basis points from higher pricing, better mix and productivity. In the Dal-Tile segment, sales were $404 million or up 7% over last year, 8% up if you look at it from a constant exchange rate basis. All categories and geographies performed well. Operating income, excluding charges, was $36 million or 9% of sales. Higher volumes and productivity improvements impacted us favorably in this segment. Our Unilin segment sales were $354 million, up -- or down 2% from last year. However, if you look at it on a constant exchange rate basis, it was actually up 7%. We continue to grow the top line in this segment even with a slower European economy. Operating income, excluding charges, was $41 million or 11.7% of sales. It was impacted by lower mix and inflation headwinds, partially offset by productivity. The year-over-year impact of foreign exchange was about $4 million unfavorable in the quarter. And finally, in the Corporate and Eliminations segment, our operating loss was $6 million. We continue to anticipate a full year loss of $20 million to $25 million, which is in line with last year. Moving to the balance sheet. Our cash ended up at $319 million. We had strong cash flow this quarter. Cash flow from operations was $140 million, and free cash flow was almost $100 million. This allowed us to build cash and pay down debt during the quarter. Our receivables ended the quarter at $782 million. Our accounts receivable aging remains strong, with our days slightly up due to channel mix changes. Inventory was $1,161,000,000 and increased $58 million over last year. We were impacted by higher inventory levels required for new plant start-ups, as well as building inventory for our peak fall selling season. We expect to show improvement at the end of the year. Fixed assets were $1,652,000,000 at the end of the quarter. This included capital expenditures of $44 million. We estimate that capital expenditures for the full year will be $210 million, and depreciation and amortization of $300 million for the full year. Long-term debt was $1,628,000,000, down slightly from a year ago, and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.0x. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. The Mohawk segment's adjusted operating income margin increased 110 basis points over 2011, with gains from pricing, improved product mix, lower costs from productivity offsetting lower volume and a higher material cost. Segment sales were down 3% during the second quarter. Carpet sales for both the industry and Mohawk were approximately flat compared to last year, with residential remodeling activity slow. Our rug sales continue soft due to lower retail sales, as well as retailers deferring promotional activities and further reducing inventories within the channel. Carpet price increases were fully implemented in the second quarter to offset inflation. Our carpet raw material costs have stabilized in the period. We do not see significant cost changes from the falling oil prices as certain chemical components increased due to worldwide demand. During the quarter, we completed the launch of our SmartStrand Silk collection, and consumers embraced its unsurpassed softness, high performance and proprietary environmental features. Our innovative merchandising systems highlight silk's superior luxury and ease of care. We're broadening the styling options of our luxury silk collection and leveraging our technology innovations into other products and channels that should benefit future growth and product mix. Early in the third period, residential carpet orders are showing some improvement, and new product introductions in both carpet and rug channels should grow our business in the second half of the year. We anticipate continued favorable product mix and stable input costs in the second half. In our Mohawk-branded hard surfaces, we introduced new soft-scraped wood products, porcelain designs using our industry-leading Reveal technology and laminates inspired by exotic woods. Sales of our new luxury vinyl planks with UNICLIC technology are growing because of their easy installation and enhanced visuals. During the period, we implemented a 2% to 6% price increase on our vinyl products and announced a ceramic price increase of 3% to 4% to recover inflation. In the commercial category, new performance and styling enhancements have helped to improve margins in key distribution channels. In the expanding hospitality sector, we introduced a new room carpet collection with faster delivery to reduce room renovation time. Our new Lees and Karastan commercial products now feature a new higher-value fiber that provides the same high performance attributes at improved price points. For the growing health care market, we introduced our new SmartStrand technology with its superior stain-resistance and durability and new commercial broadloom, as well as tile products. In the second half, we expect to further expand SmartStrand into the corporate market. We executed productivity improvements across the business with particular gains from our capital investments and reduction of waste. In the period, we reduced staple manufacturing capacity. And in July, we announced a yarn plant consolidation, which will improve inefficiencies further. We're increasing extrusion capacity to meet the growing demands of our filament products. Sales force training and new CRM technology are creating product opportunities and enhancing the effectiveness of our residential and commercial presentations. Dal-Tile sales grew 7% during the quarter or 8% on a constant exchange rate. The segment posted gains from increases in both residential and commercial sales and growth in the Mexican market. Operating margins were enhanced by higher volumes, improved productivity and increased yields. Price increases of 3% to 4% have been announced for ceramic in the third quarter to recover inflation. Across all residential channels, sales grew with new wall and floor tile products that feature larger sizes, expanded Reveal Imaging designs and new wood visuals. Our new statement selling system is enhancing our aligned dealer ceramic sales by improving the selection and design process with consumer-friendly merchandise. Over the next few years, we anticipate installing statements in several hundred aligned ceramic retailers. We're increasing our SKU productivity by introducing better-selling designs, taking out product redundancy and eliminating low-volume products. Commercial sales remain strong, with retail, restaurant and hospitality sectors outperforming our other commercial channels. Our Dal-Tile and Mohawk commercial organizations are better leveraging their relationships across customers to increase the specification of both our ceramic tile and carpet on major projects. We have launched a new luxury ceramic collection that offers unique textures, sophisticated designs, contemporary shapes and fashion-forward colors to improve our position in the premium commercial category. In Mexico, our new plant in Salamanca is operational and producing red body tiles for the domestic ceramic market. The plant start-up costs remain in line with our expectations, and we anticipate positive contributions in early 2013 due to higher volume and productivity. The Salamanca location is allowing us to expand our sales in the Central region, which has the largest population and greatest market potential. Through our leading design, higher value and superior service, our sales are outpacing the Mexican market, which is forecast to grow about 5% this year. We're adding marketing resources to increase our customer base, broadening our product offering and becoming a total resource for our existing customers. In China, the softening local economy and higher European duties on ceramic exports have created additional challenges for the ceramic market. Government actions are expected to improve the local real estate market and benefit our industry. Since entering into our Chinese JV, we've implemented new risk improvements to reduce costs and differentiate our offerings. We've increased of our sales outside China through Dal-Tile's U.S., Canadian and Mexican channels, as well as other areas of the world. We've changed the structure of our JV to increase our position in the more developed Southern region, which has a greater premium market, and exited our participation in the North, where sales are largely dependent on commodity products. During the quarter, Dal-Tile has lowered manufacturing costs through higher kiln efficiency, improved material formulations and increasing -- and increased recycling. In order to meet growing demand for porcelain tiles, we converted some of our mosaic and floor production to porcelain and added our Reveal Imaging technology to create more sophisticated visuals. This reengineering also improves our ability to participate in more outdoor applications of mosaic and floor tiles. We also made production changes to support a shift in the market to larger sizes of wall tile with enhanced style and design. With ceramic sales strengthening, we opened our first new local service center since 2008 in North Dakota. We also reduced freight expenses through new carrier relationships, equipment modifications and higher utilization rates. Unilin's second quarter sales decreased 2% but increased 7% on a constant exchange rate. Gains in the home center channel, price increases, insulation product growth and our Australian acquisition compensated for the general slowing occurring across Europe. As a reminder, our European business is concentrated in the Benelux, France, Germany, U.K. and Russia and is seasonally slower in the third period. Our margins continue to be impacted by negative product mix from consumers trading down and material inflation. Outside North America, laminate and wood flooring sales grew from continued expansion into the DIY channel, expanded distribution in the U.K. and Australian sales. Later this fall, we're introducing luxury vinyl tile, utilizing our click technology to participate in this growing European category. Our Russian facility is progressing with increased productivity and is manufacturing more complex products. We're expanding our customer base and product distribution even as we see signs of a slightly slower Russian economy. In Australia, we increased prices 2% to 5% on all products to cover currency changes and freight costs. Our South American joint venture will introduce a new premium Quick-Step-branded collection and better styled product ranges under its existing brands. We've completed consolidation of our wood plants in Malaysia, which increased our production capacity and reduced manufacturing costs. We continue to encounter some headwinds from the stronger local currency, increasing export costs to Europe, which we've partially offset with a price increase of 3% on our wood products. In North America, we experienced good laminate growth through increased promotional activity by large retailers and greater penetration in the home center channel. Laminate collections featuring richly embossed surfaces, premium long planks and our proprietary GenuEdge Technology, improved our mix in both the remodeling and new construction markets. Several new wood products were introduced to enhance our product mix, with innovative finishes, soft-scraped surfaces, beveled edges and unique textures and color variations. We continue to expand our North America distribution and are focused on gaining share through innovative product differentiation. Our European board products were under pressure from excess market capacity and higher raw material costs. Insulating -- insulated roofing sales declined in Europe as the housing market contracted, but were offset by the growth of our insulation panels, which help meet energy efficiency goals. We're increasing our insulation panel production in the third quarter to satisfy expected growth, and we're planning to construct another facility in France by the end of 2013 to expand our geographic reach and total capacity. During the period, Dal-Tile and Unilin received awards for the best manufacturers in a category by a retailer poll. Consumer Reports again named Quick-Step the top pick for exceptional design, quality and value. In July, we released our third corporate responsibility and sustainability report, which validates our actions to provide sustainable products our customers desire. Mohawk's commitment to product innovation, resource management and productivity improvements yielded improved second quarter results. Our investments in innovative products improved our mix and contributed to higher margins. Though sales softened in the second quarter, U.S. order rates have shown some improvement as we began the third quarter. We do not expect material costs to follow oil price declines due to specific higher chemical costs. In the U.S., low mortgage rates and higher housing starts should support future flooring sales. In Europe, we expect the present soft trend to continue and exchange rates to be a headwind. Based on these factors, our guidance for the third quarter earnings is $0.96 to $1.05 per share, excluding any restructuring costs. We have addressed many of today's economic challenges by enhancing our product differentiation, reducing costs, improving efficiencies and entering new product categories and geographies. We retain a strong financial position, which provides us flexibility to invest in strategic opportunities going forward. We'll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the line of Stephen Kim with Barclays.
Stephen Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: My first question relates to the U.S. You had made some comments about how the residential market showed some improvement in 3Q. I was curious if you could elaborate a little bit more on whether a little bit of this pickup that you're seeing here in 3Q is showing up in -- from primarily the new, or if it's also a little bit of remodeling starting to pick up. And as part of that, if you could talk a little bit about the impact of product mix looking into 3Q.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The statement was that we saw some improvement in the business coming in. We didn't really reference any piece in general. We're seeing slightly better trends in the first part of the quarter than we saw coming out of June. I forgot the second part of your question.
Frank H. Boykin: Mix. We're seeing it improve.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The product mix, we spent a tremendous amount of effort over the last 1.5 years, 2 years, focused on trying to create more innovation in the marketplace, introducing better products that can achieve higher margins in all the different segments. And we're starting to see some benefit from those actions in all the different segments.
Stephen Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Well, let me -- I'd like to follow up on that more, but I'm sure other people will. Let me switch to -- switch it a little bit to Unilin. Obviously, another very strong performance there. If I heard Frank right, it sounded like Unilin's operating margin was actually 12.8% x currency, which obviously was a very strong figure. I'm trying to understand if you could help us with a couple things as we look into Unilin going forward. First of all, my understanding is that the foam board business is expanding rapidly, and I was -- I'm guessing that, that probably represented about roughly half of the growth, that 7% growth top line in that division that we saw this quarter. Want to see if you could give me some sense of if that's about right, or if the laminate part of the business grew -- was the bulk of the gain. And then also, if you can make some basic comments about what you expect for the furniture initiative and any update on what's going on there.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The insulation board business, the increase we have today will allow us to grow to about EUR 70 million with our present capacity in the business, and it's growing much faster than the other parts of the business. The laminate business grew less than the average for the others, which we would expect, and all the different actions we're taking, we think -- we're growing where the industry is shrinking has got to do with, again, all the actions to expand our distribution into different channels and marketplaces as we go forward.
Frank H. Boykin: And Steve, let me correct -- you had said -- I don't remember the number, but the actual operating margin, excluding charges, was 11.7%, and that does not exclude FX. That's just the margin as a percent to sales.
Stephen Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. But if you exclude the currency on top of that, it would be 12.8% excluding charges and excluding currency effect. Right?
Frank H. Boykin: We can go off-line on that. I think you'd have to go back and adjust the sales number as well for the currency.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie Capital.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: In the DIY channel expansion in Unilin, how much room is there to go? How much headroom or how much longer should we expect that kind of penetration to occur for?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We think we have continued opportunity. We really have different strategies between the U.S. and Europe. In Europe, the strategy is to have selective distribution and participate under our brand in the premium part of the marketplace. So we're going to each country, looking for a limited number of customers to participate in the premium marketing, give them opportunity to step their customers up. In the U.S., we have a broader based strategy, which is to participate in a broader range of price points in the marketplace and do it under other brand names. So we have different -- we think there's opportunities in both to keep growing. We have limited participation in both continents in it, so it has significant upside.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Okay. And in the rugs, with the retailers deferring promotions, can you just give us some more color in terms of do you have control over whether or not they're promoting the product? And in your view, is this the right thing to do in the current environment?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We don't have any control over what they do. We provide them opportunities, and they choose whether to do it. What's happening is they're getting -- in the last quarter, they were much more conservative than we expected, both with their inventories and their promotional activities as they had greater concerns over the consumer.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: You flagged the commercial business and the growth there. Can you just give us some quantification of what you were seeing in terms of the growth rate for the overall commercial business?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'm not sure that I have a number for the overall piece. We see that the commercial business started growing about 2 years ago now, as most of it started out with mostly investments in remodeling. We saw an increase in it through the period. We see, as we've gone through this year, that it's continued to grow. So the growth rate is slightly less than we think it's been last year. There's some new building starting going on, which is helping it a little bit, and we think it's going to continue at a reasonable rate.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Can you give us an update on the percentage of each segment that would be commercial?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't have those broken out.
Frank H. Boykin: At a very high level, David, in the Dal-Tile segment, about 40% is commercial. In the Mohawk segment, it's in the kind of mid-20s, maybe high 20s, in that range.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In Unilin, it would be 0.
Frank H. Boykin: And Unilin is 0.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Close to 0.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes. Yes.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Right. Right. Last question, just with all the new product investments you've got going on, what do you think is sort of the temporary expense associated with just ramping those might be?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: What we've done is we've really tried to focus on our SG&A expenses. And what we've been doing is reducing our general SG&A expenses by becoming more productive and cutting out things that we thought had limited value. And what we've been doing is investing those dollars into these new product categories. So I think we're managing through it reasonably well and overcoming all the inflation you have and everything in addition to that.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Can you save -- Can you hold on to those cost savings once these products are fully ramped?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We would expect SG&A as a percent of sales to keep improving over time.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research Company.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: In terms of -- your commentary on second half volume seemed to suggest that you'd have growth in the second half, and you didn't in the second quarter. I'm just wondering if you can give a little bit more color on what you think is different in the second half relative to what you experienced in the second quarter.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We have -- our internal estimates that we think that we have in place, certain activities to increase the sales, we really do not know exactly what the market's going to do, but we're making the assumption that it's more of the same. And under those conditions, we think that the volume's going to go up a little bit and -- as well as price increases. So you have a price increase in the ceramic business going in. We have the price increases that we've already put in place in the carpet industry. We have expansion of products that we think are higher value than the other, which should help the average selling prices. So we think we're going to see some positive things.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I was hoping to go back to a question earlier about little better granularity around your comments of U.S. order trends improving so far in the third quarter. If you could possibly just break that down for us between -- if -- either that was driven by new residential construction or builder end market versus repair/remodel, what was the bigger driver of that? Or was it only 1 of the 2 segments? Just some better description of that.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't have the detail in front of me. We all know that the new construction builder business is going up from a very low base. Most people have it about 15% from a 15 plus-or-minus percent, and that the apartment part of the business is improving. The occupancy rates are there. It's showing improvement. The commercial business is still improving on similar trends as it has been in the past, we think. And the big question is what's going to happen to remodeling pieces, and your guess is as good as ours. We just think that we're well positioned in product mix and new introductions to help ourselves a little bit different than the market.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And in terms of your back half outlook, so -- as you just said, you're looking for volume, a little bit of volume growth, a little bit of pricing growth but, at the same time, your comps in the back half of the year do get a little bit tougher. And here, in the second quarter, you were up 2% against an easier comp. So are there certain initiatives or selling promotions that give you that extra confidence? And if there's maybe certain segments like -- I mean, because we would still expect Mohawk to be down a little bit year-over-year -- if there are other things going on perhaps in Dal-Tile and Unilin that drives that confidence for the volume growth.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I can just tell you that each of the divisions, I have it broken down by customer, by product, by channel. They have looked at new introductions, and they appear optimistic about their potential.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Goldberg with UBS.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's actually Susan. In terms of the new products that you guys are introducing, can you give us some sense of how the pricing or the margins on those compare to your more traditional offerings or your older products, your more established products?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Each of the divisions has internal goals to introduce new products that improve their margins over the past ones. They all have goals that look to add greater value on style and design that could command slightly higher margins on new products than old. They all track what they're introducing versus the ones they're doing. On the other hand, we want to participate in the different areas in the commodity businesses, which are price-driven. And we believe that we are improving our mix through providing leading style and design in each area. I would say that one of the best ones we have is our Unilin business, which they've focused on since we have it. They basically have almost no commodity business, and everything's driven through bringing style and design to the marketplace. And we are driving that across all the different business.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And given the current environment, would you say that you're basically able to hold the higher margins or the improved profitability on the products where that is sort of your goal? Or are you having to give some of that up?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're in competitive marketplaces. We have inflationary pieces in different ones. We've talked about raising prices in the ceramic business to help cover the inflation. We've talked about the margins in the Unilin business being under pressure as the raw materials have risen faster than we've been able to pass them through. The Mohawk business, what you've seen is we've been able to change the mix in the products to help the margins as we go through, through the new product introductions. And so that's what -- that's how we're getting to the improved margins in the business.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: On the rug business, can you give us some kind of idea how much the rug business was down or what it was down in dollars or something along those lines in the second quarter?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We really don't break out the sales of individual products within the business. The...
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Let me ask you this way, Jeff. As a percentage of the Mohawk segment, what do rugs represent nowadays?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, it's a limited portion of the total, and we just don't break down to each individual product and pieces for you, guys. I mean, we have 100 different products and pieces in all the different businesses.
Frank H. Boykin: In that segment, Keith, as you know, we've got broadloom carpet, we've got rugs, we've also got hard surface products, we've got pad and cushion products. So we've got a number of different products in that segment.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. This is the second quarter where we've had some rug issues. Are they behind us at this point? Or do you think this is going to continue on in the second half of the year?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We believe that the third quarter rugs will be better than the second quarter in rugs. There were some things pushed out in the second quarter into the third quarter, we'll see those. We're anticipating improvement in it, but we haven't assumed that the market's going to change dramatically and the retailers are going to change, some of them becoming very conservative in their buying habits.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Final question. You talked about mix positive. Is mix in carpet positive in the last quarter or 2?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Is that the first time in 3 or 4 years that you've seen positive mix in carpet?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't know -- remember exactly when it started, but I mean, we have put a lot of emphasis on putting out more stylized differentiated products, and it's starting to give us benefits.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: In your prepared comments, you talked a little bit about raw materials, both the pluses and minuses. But the reality is, is a lot of -- you have had some abatement of raw materials in Q2. Could you clarify the potential positive impact of lower raw materials as we go into Q3 on your margins?
Frank H. Boykin: The raw materials went up. We raised prices. I assume we're talking about the carpet business. We raised prices going into the quarter. The raw materials reached a peak, and then -- we work off our own business. We work off a forward view that we anticipate them, and we typically don't raise the prices to momentary peaks. So in there, we build our models and pricing based around what we think the long-term values are. So basically, we were on track for what we thought was going to happen. And what we're trying to say as we look forward into the future, we believe that the oil prices should push down the raw materials. However, there are individual chemicals, which are in short supply due to world dynamics, and we think that the increase in those specific chemicals are going to offset the general declines and give us basically a stable material environment for as far as we can see. That could change in a given moment based on market conditions of those chemicals.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: So in other words, you really won't see any positive impact. It's just really neutral and covering past increases.
Frank H. Boykin: From quarter to -- I'm talking from quarter to quarter, consecutively. But we're not anticipating an overall decline to help us at this moment.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: So that would imply, just assuming no real changes right now, there's probably not much room or possibility for another soft flooring increase in the second half this year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're not anticipating one.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: Jeff, just wondering if you had an opinion on the nonresidential market. Your trend seemed to be stronger than both peers, both peers in flooring and the broader market. I wonder if you have any views on why flooring remodeling on the nonresidential side or the commercial side would generally be stronger than other building product categories. Anything unique that you can think of that would be driving that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'm not sure that I said that. The remodeling part of the market has been under pressure due to the general economy and consumers' perception that their home values are much lower than they were.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: No, no, no, I'm -- no, I was asking on the nonresidential side.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Your question is why the commercial business is going to be stronger?
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: Yes, just curious what you think is driving the refurbishment activity on nonresidential, because that strength is not evident across building products. And just from your perspective, if there's anything in the flooring industry that you see that's unique in that regard.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't think that I anticipate it getting stronger. I think it's more of the same. The only thing in the carpet business, which is different, is the change to carpet tile. The average unit price goes up when you move from broadloom to carpet tile, which helps the dollar volume.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: Do you have any approximation of how much of -- across both the carpet and the tile business, how much would be publicly funded education projects for you?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't know that off the top of my head.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: First off, a housekeeping question. Frank, I think you mentioned that you'll be closing another carpet plant in the third quarter. Do you have a sense to what the restructuring charge will be for that item in the third quarter?
Frank H. Boykin: I think it's going to be around $5 million. And that is not included in the guidance.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It was a yarn plant consolidation.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then the other question I have, with respect to Dal-Tile margins, the new plants online, you're getting some pricing benefits, should we expect incremental margins over the next 6 to 12 months to be better than the 30% kind of standard contribution margin because of that? Or are there some mix issues that degrade that a little bit?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes to all the above. The Mexican plant is pleasantly not contributing anything to the business. It's actually a negative. But we're expecting next year that the Mexican plant will rise up to the normal levels of returns on the rest of our business. I don't know if -- I don't know when it's going to get to that level. But during the year, we expect it to get up to the average of our whole business so that you'll move from a negative into a positive contribution in that part. We continue to -- and the rest of the business depends on inflation and product mix going forward. We're trying to drive it as high as we can. We're hoping to keep expanding the margin.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So incremental margins in Dal-Tile overall would be better than 30% or so over the next year?
Frank H. Boykin: I don't think they'll be that high. I think it's more in the mid-20s, Dal-Tile.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. If I can sneak one more question in, if I could, with the global demand moderation period that we seem to be entering into on a macro sense, does that make your appetite for larger scale international acquisitions a little bit more circumspective? Or are you still actively drilling for deals internationally of some size?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We continuously look for opportunities. I think what it does, it impacts positively the valuations of the buyers and the sellers and the future perceptions of what's going to happen, and that makes concluding in transactions more difficult, as you would suspect.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dan Oppenheim with Crdit Suisse.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: If you can talk quickly in terms of the SmartStrand, you talked about the benefit in terms of sales, great product and at clearly a much higher price point. Just confirming, you're basically saying that despite that significantly higher price point, you're getting the sales that you expect, and so the margin is coming through and sort of -- more for those non-commoditized products in general rather than just -- can you comment on that in particular?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think you'll understand that the -- as you introduce higher-value products, the margins on those are higher. The introductions that we put in, we are achieving good sales results at higher margins. We are continuing to expand those attributes into more products and categories. And we think those will help us as we move them into the marketplace.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just following up, I guess you talked about some of the trends in July subsequent to the quarter end in terms of most -- primarily in the States. But hearing less in terms of just Unilin, which did very well in constant exchange basis, can you give any sense in terms of what you've been seeing since the end of the quarter there and the overall trend?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The trends from the second quarter of the consumers in Europe were following the same thing. There's plenty of concern in Europe over what's going on. Country by country, you have differences in each one. The further south you go, the worse it gets. You get into markets like Spain, I mean, they're under tremendous pressure with unemployment. And as you would expect, the volume there are under a great pressure.
Frank H. Boykin: And Dan, I would add, too, as you move into July and August in Europe, that's the holiday season over there. So sequentially, it's a slower time of the year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Baugh with Stifel, Nicolaus.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Could you remind us first again what total revenue exposure is to U.S. residential construction activity? And then on the laminate piece, you've mentioned, I think, that U.S. is up. And I'm curious, is that a margin negative for the Unilin segment? Or are you filling up your plant there better and actually getting a margin benefit from U.S. laminate sales growth?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In the different divisions, we have -- in the Mohawk side, the residential business is about 75% of the piece, about 25% commercial. In the Dal-Tile business, it's about 60% residential and 40% commercial. In the Unilin side, there's very little.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And how much of that is new construction at the residential pieces?
Frank H. Boykin: In Dal-Tile, it's about half and half, residential and remodel. And it's high teens, maybe 20% range. And Mohawk's probably a little bit closer to the teens, given the environment we're in right now. And everything -- I'd say most of what's sold in Unilin is going into the remodel channel.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And the U.S. laminate issue?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Could you repeat the question?
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I'm curious, you said U.S. laminate sales were up, and in -- this is a difficult market here, and I believe generally a lower margin market than European laminate. But you've got a plant here, maybe you're getting some leverage by utilizing that plant. I'm wondering whether or not the growth in U.S. laminate sales is a hurt or a help to the overall margin of the Unilin segment.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Listen, growth always helps. What happened in the Unilin piece is we have some large retailers that have done better during the period. They're doing promotional activities to try to do that. We have made some progress into expanding our business in some of the home center channels so that we think we're doing a little better than the average, and anything that adds volume to the business helps. On the other side, in the laminate business, you do have a contraction of the value products, as there's pressure on the mix.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bob Wetenhall with RBC.
Robert C. Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: You had very strong margin performance in Mohawk against down sales, and that's pretty impressive. And I was just trying to understand, is the pace, the 110 basis points and the 6% range for operating margin in the Mohawk carpet business sustainable in the back half of the year?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We believe it is.
Operator: That does conclude our Q&A session. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing remarks.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We appreciate everyone joining us. We look forward to a good rest of the year. Have a good day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John Coyle Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC. Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Steven Bachman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division John Lane Adam Baumgarten - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Heather, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries First Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this call is being recorded today, Friday, May 4, 2012. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and CEO. You may begin, sir.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2012 conference call. Joining me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review our Safe Harbor statement and later our financial results.
Frank H. Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Our first quarter earnings per share were $0.58 as reported, an increase of 38% over 2011 adjusted results due to volume increases, price increases, cost reductions and lower interest expense. Our sales grew by 5% as reported or 6% on a local basis, with year-over-year sales growth for the past 4 quarters. Price increases in the first quarter will offset the material inflation in our current costs in the second period. SG&A improved by 90 basis points as a percent of net sales. During the first quarter, we generated operating income of $72 million, an increase of 14% over 2011. We paid our 2012 bond obligations using our short-term facility at lower interest rates. Standard & Poor's upgraded our credit rating, and Moody's elevated our outlook to positive, reducing our interest rates on our bonds. Our balance sheet remains strong, with our net debt to adjusted EBITDA at historically low levels of 2.2x. We have almost $500 million available for strategic opportunities. In the U.S., our residential categories reflect the generally positive trends in the housing market. The National Association of Home Builders Index is at one of its highest levels since June 2007, with a positive outlook from record low interest rates and increased approvals. The mild winter weather contributed to the strongest existing home sales for the period in 5 years, which support greater remodeling and renovation in this year. Our commercial outlook is for moderate sales growth in line with the AIA Billing Index for commercial construction. Frank, would you give our financial report, please?
Frank H. Boykin: Sure. I'd be glad to, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Net sales for the quarter were $1,409,000,000, up 5% or a 6% increase on a constant exchange rate basis. Both higher volume and pricing benefited our results. Gross profit was $359 million, with a margin of 25.5% flat with last year. Price increases, volume and productivity improvements offset inflation. SG&A was $287 million or 20.4% of net sales. This was an improvement of 90 basis points over last year. We're continuing to control our cost, holding our dollars flat and leveraging on higher sales. We expect the SG&A dollars to be flat for the full year. Our operating income was $72 million, with a margin of 5.1%. Our margin grew 40 basis points over last year. We continue to drive profitability improvements throughout the business. Interest expense was $22 million. It was lower than last year, with lower rates from our new bank facility and a rating agency upgrade. We estimate our quarterly expense to be $20 million in future quarters. Our income tax rate was 20%, which compares to a 17% rate last year. We expect the rate to improve slightly over the rest of the year. Earnings per share were $0.58 per share or a 38% improvement over 2011. If we move to the segments. The Mohawk segment sales were $700 million or 1% better than last year as we implemented carpet price increases to offset inflation. Our carpet sales are up, in line with the carpet industry, which increased 3% year-over-year. This was offset by lower rug sales. In the rug business, deferred customer promotions, channel inventory declines and mix reduced our rug sales. Our operating income was $25 million, with a margin of 3.6%, which was flat with last year. Raw material inflation partially offset -- was partially offset by lagging price increases. In the Dal-Tile segment, sales were $393 million or up 14% over last year. We had a strong quarter this year, with improvements across all of our channels. Operating income came in at $26 million, with a margin of 6.6%, up 150 basis points over last year. Volume and productivity improvements drove higher margins. In the Unilin segment, sales were $337 million, up 4% as reported or 7% on a constant exchange rate basis. Both the U.S. and Europe gained over last year. In Europe, we offset the slowing economy with new products and new regions. Operating income was $27 million, with a margin of 8%, which was flat with last year. We were impacted by both mix and start-up costs in this segment. In our Corporate and Eliminations segment, the operating income was a loss of $7 million. It was a bit higher in the first quarter of this year due to timing, however, we expect our annual expense to be in line with last year. Turning to the balance sheet. Receivables came in at $782 million with DSOs at 47 days, were in line with last year. Inventories at $1,165,000,000 are up in dollars, with continued raw material inflation and increases due to sales volume. Inflation accounted for $50 million of the increase, with acquisitions and pre-buys ahead of inflation accounting for about $25 million. We expect improvements in inventory as we move through the year. Fixed assets ended the quarter at $1.718 billion. Capital expenditures during the quarter were $43 million, with depreciation and amortization of $73 million. We continue to estimate $235 million of capital expenditures for the full year and depreciation and amortization at $300 million for the full year. Our long-term debt ended up at $1.7 billion. Operations this year used less cash than last year. Cash from operations improved almost $25 million over last year. In April of this year, we paid off bonds of about $340 million and rolled that into our bank facility. Additionally, Standard & Poor's upgraded us to investment grade, and Moody's improved our outlook to positive. All of this has reduced our interest expense. Finally, we purchased a minority interest in our Oklahoma tile plant joint venture, eliminating our noncontrolling interest. Also, we'll be -- this will eliminate the minority interest charge that we've been recording in past periods. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. The Mohawk segment sales grew 1% as we executed price increases that should cover material costs in the second period. Higher carpet sales were in line with the 3% industry growth, offset by lower rug sales from deferred customer promotions, inventory reductions in the rug channel and lower rug product mix. Operating income increased 6% over 2011, even with compression from raw material increases. Throughout this segment, we continue to reduce manufacturing costs with improved efficiencies, enhanced productivity and realigned assets. We anticipate improved margins from the price increases and growth of our popular SmartStrand and EverStrand lines. For the third consecutive year, Mohawk's SmartStrand carpet won the industry's Dealer Choice award for new carpet introductions. We launched our revolutionary SmartStrand Silk collection in the period and sales of its premium fabrics will benefit the second quarter. SmartStrand still represents the next-generation of soft carpet with the inherent performance, ease of care and unique environmental features that have made SmartStrand successful. SmartStrand Silk has been embraced by the retail community, and its initial sales trends are tracking very positively. In the second quarter, we're expanding our silk offering further with additional styles and price points, which enhance our product mix further. Our EverStrand and Wear-Dated Revive polyester sales continue their expansion due to the value proposition they offer, fashion appeal and the differentiated green position with industry-leading recycled content. Our relationships with specialty retailers continues to broaden as our products satisfy the changing consumer preferences, supported by marketing, merchandising and training, which improves their results. For Mohawk branded hard surfaces, we introduced solid wood with soft scraped surfaces, ceramic with Reveal Imaging, laminate and exotic species and luxury vinyl tile planks. We announced a price increase of 3% to 5% on our vinyl and other selected hard surface products. Our Mohawk hard surface products are gaining position in the builder channel, which is beginning to show improvements. The commercial category, our hospitality and core business improved, offset by some weaknesses in our premium products as customers traded down. To offer greater value, we introduced new high-end Duracolor products with improved styling and performance at lower price points. We've also extended our SmartStrand brand with differentiated features into our commercial business. In hospitality, we introduced new technology that provides improved definition and design capability. In the period, commercial price increases have been implemented to cover higher raw material costs. Our 2011 investments continue -- contributed to productivity gains across the business. Our increased fiber capacity is supporting our growing SmartStrand and EverStrand products. Other investments have enhanced our production costs and material yields. Our carpet tile expansion, product reengineering, process simplification and reduced complexity improved our productivity, yield and service levels. As part of our ongoing commitment to sustainable manufacturing, we increased the utilization of recycled materials, reduced our waste and lowered our energy consumption. All of which is good for our business, our customers and the environment. Additionally, we're improving sales force effectiveness through implementation of CRM tools to identify customer and product opportunities in the marketplace. Dal-Tile posted sales growth of 14% during the quarter, with double-digit increases in both residential and commercial sales. The segment grew primarily through increased residential remodeling, and commercial renovation, successful product launches and significant growth in the Mexican market. Higher production volumes during the quarter created better cost absorption and margins. Selective price increases of 3% to 5%, along with energy surcharges are being implemented to cover raw material and freight cost increases. Residential ceramic sales continued their improvement which began a year ago, with growth in both renovation and new construction. Consumer's discretionary spending remains constrained and consumers continue to trade down to lower value products. We've expanded our specialty store position by improving distribution with our new products and enhanced merchandising. Sales grew in all channels driven by expanded wall and floor tile placements, new tiles with Reveal Imaging, larger sizes, realistic wood designs and a new premium commercial collection. Commercial sales continued strong, with remodeling in retail, restaurants and hospitality showing the most progress. For our Dal-Tile band, commercial sales representatives are being added to target large projects and expand our specifications. Additional large-sized tiles are being introduced to satisfying growing commercial trends. For the premium commercial market, we're introducing a new luxury collection which offers unique textures combined with high style patterns and colors. We've also increased our American Olean commercial offering and added new sales personnel in selected areas for it. In Mexico, we opened our new plant in Salamanca ahead of schedule. The plant is producing red body tiles specifically designed for the domestic Mexican market. Salamanca will reduce our ceramic tile cost and freight expenses when the plant is fully operational by the end of this year. Sales in Mexico are growing dramatically due to our expanded offering of designs, sizes and price points. Polished porcelain tiles greater than 2 feet in size are being imported from our Chinese joint venture for the premium commercial market. We're achieving increased distribution for our products with new commitments from our existing customer base, adding new distributors and home centers. Results for our Chinese JV were impacted by a softer Chinese economy, normal seasonality and extended shutdown as a result of lower market demand. Our sales were bolstered by new product launches, new retail showroom displays and strong retail participation in our recent conventions. Our export volumes are growing as we increase sales to Dal-Tile U.S., Canadian and Mexican markets and add new customers worldwide. We have concluded the joint venture of Muskogee ceramic production with the purchase of our partner's interest for $35 million based on our previous agreement. During the quarter, Dal-Tile's lowered manufacturing costs through higher productivity, reduced waste, improved formulations and increased production speeds and recycled content. We're increasing SKU productivity by utilizing more disciplined components, dropping low-volume SKUs, consolidation of outsized suppliers, all to drive manufacturing and inventory efficiency. The Tile Council of North America has certified Dal-Tile under its Green Squared program, confirming our leadership in sustainable manufacturing. Unilin's first quarter sales grew by 4% as reported or 7% with a constant exchange rate. Both our European and U.S. business grew in the period despite challenges in the economy and continued pressure on our product mix. The impact of the European debt situation on our business has been limited due to lower exposure in the Southern European markets. We continue to gain market share through the expansion of new products, channels and regions offsetting the impact of slowing national economies. Laminate wood flooring sales in Europe continued their growth despite pressure on our product mix as customers traded down. We've expanded our participation in the DIY channel with value added laminate products under our Quick-Step brand. The growth of these have compensated for decreases in the specialty retail channel. We've implemented laminate price increases of 2% to 3% to recover higher raw material costs. We introduced a collection of new larger-sized tiles and wider 8-inch planks featuring reclaimed and rustic designs. Our strategies to expand internationally are progressing with our new Russian plant increasing production and Unilin integrating our Australian distribution. We entered into a joint venture with a South American board company, which had a limited laminate flooring business. In the joint venture, we're developing new products with enhanced features and styling, and we utilize our Quick-Step brand to differentiate the premium products. Our Unilin North American business grew as we expanded our home center distribution of both laminate and wood. In the U.S., we introduced wider laminate that replicates weathered oak and distressed surfaces in fashionable colors, a collection of distressed solid wood and new luxury vinyl tiles. New processes on our U.S. wood facilities are enhancing our visuals and reducing costs in both engineered and solid wood products. Consolidation of our wood plants in Malaysia has been completed, increasing our capacity and reducing our costs. We do have some headwinds resulting from a strengthening Malaysian currency. Our wood panel volume improved in Europe, but pricing remains under pressure from excess market capacity. Roofing panel sales declined from lower home sales and more severe winter weather. Our insulation panels grew significantly with our costs improving from higher utilization. We increased our insulation production capacity and preparing to add another facility in Southern France next year. We're implementing 2% to 3% price increases in most panel products to recover material increases. Mohawk's reputation for innovation and design was reinforced at the flooring industry's largest annual show in the U.S. New introductions in each of our carpet, rug, ceramic and laminate flooring categories were all recognized as the best in the show by the dealers attending. We received Supplier of the Year for Excellence from Wal-Mart. And the North American Laminate Flooring Industry Award for Best Manufacturing Company. Southeastern Corporate Sustainability Rankings designated Mohawk, UPS and Coca-Cola as the best companies for sustainable performance for 2012. Low mortgage rates, increasing home sales, higher employment should sustain the industry growth this year. Our emphasis on product and process innovation, cost management and selectability has resulted in a stronger company. In the second quarter, we anticipate continued sales growth and improving margins as selling prices align with material inflation. We believe our new-product launches will improve profitability and sales growth. Improvement in productivity, inventory management and interest expenses will favorably impact our results. With these factors, our guidance for the second quarter earnings is $1.07 to $1.16 per share, excluding restructuring charges. Our recent investments in new markets, technology, R&D and production capacity will continue to improve our results. We have a strong financial position to pursue new strategic opportunities. With that, we'll be glad to take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question on the price increases that you expect to more fully benefit in the second quarter. We've seen, I think over the past 2 or 3 years, this kind of constant lagging effect in terms of following the higher resins and oil-based materials. What do you think ultimately this means for margins for the segment over the next couple of quarters on a year-over-year basis as obviously on a longer-term basis, people are looking towards return towards a more normal high-single-digit type margin for this -- as this business has historically done?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Most of our raw materials are bought at market based on either some -- either market prices or some contractually agreed-upon basis. And so our raw materials go up and down each period. We try to cover what we believe to be the raw materials based on our best guesses, and we think we've done that at this point. The future raw materials are going to be based on, if something dramatically happened with the oil and depending upon who you listen to, it could go to $120 or go to $80. We have no idea which. We're going to continue watching them and if it requires additional changes, we'll make them. Our best guess at this point is that we're expecting stable material prices in the future, but that could change.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But just to make sure I understand it correctly, looking forward into the second quarter, can you give us a sense of -- given that you expect the fuller impact of the price increases from the first quarter, would you expect there to be 50, 100, 150 basis points of expansion for the Mohawk segment?
Frank H. Boykin: Our margins, Mike, will be up compared to second quarter a year ago in the Mohawk segment as a result, not just the price increases, but also some of the productivity improvements we've put in place. But they will be up year-over-year in the second quarter.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The amounts [indiscernible] will do to the estimate. You're going to have to decide what you want to put in each segment.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. I appreciate that. Just one last one on Unilin -- I'm sorry, on Dal-Tile, great results. You face a little bit of tougher comps in the back half of the year. Based on current trends, do expect to continue to grow at this double-digit rate into the back half or would that moderate due to the comps?
Frank H. Boykin: I don't believe that we're going to continue at the double-digit rate going forward. That's a significant improvement over the market, and I would be delighted if it happens, but we're not building that into our forward projections.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Pollard with Goldman Sachs.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: You made a comment in your prepared remarks and on your press release about pursuing new strategic opportunities. You talked as well about it in new joint venture with a South American board company. I'm really ultimately trying to understand how deep, how broad and how far you guys want to go with some of these strategic opportunities out there? Are you guys looking to make larger acquisitions given the strength of your balance sheet right now?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes. We -- historically, we grow the business through acquisitions. We believe we're well-positioned in the marketplace. We believe that we have the infrastructure in our business to support what's going on in our businesses. We continuously look at new opportunities in the marketplace. Typically, in the -- as you go through downturns, there are more people looking to exit the business as you come out of the business. And we constantly look at whatever comes available to the marketplace in all parts of the world.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess one quick follow up to that. It seems that you guys talked a lot about the international side of the business, but as things stand right now, it's less than 20% of your business. Is it right in assuming that you guys are looking outside of the U.S.? And then from a management standpoint, I remember when I first looked at the company a few years ago, I was surprised to see that the distribution base and some of the management of the different merged pieces were sort of still intact and it wasn't necessarily all one sales force, all one distribution. When you guys think about bringing on new companies, is there anything that leads you guys towards doing more consolidation on the operations of the business?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We take each one and each business, and we decide what to do with it. What you see is that we basically have broken the U.S. business into 3 parts. We have a carpet and rug business, we have a laminate and wood business, and we have a ceramic and stone business. Each of those we operate relatively separate from each other. We do get advantages in the distribution system. We do get advantages in the customer relationships. We do get advantage in finding opportunities in the marketplace. The reason we don't meld them together further is that the different products actually have different attributes. In many cases, different customers buy them, even when they're going into the same building. The ceramic -- many planks [ph] is bought by someone different than the carpet, and the timing and the installation and shipments are done at different points in time. So we use only intellectual pieces that we have. We use the knowledge of manufacturing, but in each case, it's unique.
Frank H. Boykin: Just to address your question on international. We are looking at international opportunities. We also look at domestic, but we probably look at it more international I would say than domestic.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: But if there are tile [ph] acquisitions in the U.S., we're willing to look. And if they make sense, we would like to buy them.
Frank H. Boykin: The right strategic fit and right valuation.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Well, glad to hear you guys are out there hunting. My other question is around your productivity improvements compared to last year. You called out $100 million last year, I wanted to see what you guys were thinking for full year 2012, and how much of that was realized in 1Q?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'm not sure I have that in front of me. Frank, do you have it?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, I think we need to get back to you on that one.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We'll have to get back to you on the piece. I can tell you that every division has significant internal savings that they're doing based on productivity increases, improvements in the raw material costs and product innovations to upgrade the mix as we go through. Frank will have to get back to you with the number for the total.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Barclays.
John Coyle: This is actually John filling in for Steve today. So conversations we recently had with the builders, they're kind of indicating that consumers are spending more and more for upgrades and in the showrooms and whatnot. So we're just trying to get an idea just since negative mix seems to have been a theme quarter. On balance over the last 2 to 3 years, how much margin pressure have you guys seen just from consumers trading down or negative mix?
Frank H. Boykin: It's hard to pull mix out as a separate item because with price and mix working, we let them combine. So it's difficult to pull that out and give you a specific number.
John Coyle: Got it. All right. Well, following up to that, could you maybe quantify just the material cost inflation that you guys saw this quarter, year-over-year?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, material inflation was about $27 million -- say about $30 million for the whole company.
John Coyle: Got it. And was that more heavily weighted to one segment?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes. Primarily in the Mohawk segment.
John Coyle: Got it. And then just recent trends, could you maybe comment what you've seen since the end of March?
Frank H. Boykin: With regards to inflation?
John Coyle: No, with regards to volume.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're seeing the normal seasonality that we expect. We're still optimistic that the industry will grow at a reasonable pace as most people are using about a 4% number this year. It could be higher or lower overall. We see the commercial maintaining the growth rate in the mid-single digits as it did last year. And residential looks like it's improving. The big question is, what's going to happen to the building segment, how fast it's going to grow. And with existing home changes, are people going to be more aggressive in their remodeling pieces? We're optimistic they'll be better than they were last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just diving into Dal-Tile. Are you starting to see any new commercial construction orders or backlog starting to build? Your comments called out commercial renovation.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Remember, when new construction, the flooring is the last thing that goes in. So what we're getting now is what was started a year ago or in some cases 1.5 years or 2 years ago. So the commercial, just in the trend as it comes out, once they start building, we're 6 months to a year after the thing start building before we even start seeing it.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: The second question in the Mohawk segment. We start -- for the full second quarter, will you be trued-up on raw materials or is there still a little bit of a drag at the beginning of the quarter?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In the Mohawk segment, we think we're going to be pretty close to covered.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Last quarter, you talked about increasing your modular flooring capacity, we wanted to get some update on that. And also just a discussion of what trends you're seeing in modular flooring and the market share gains you are taking?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We did complete the increase of our modular capacity. We increased it about 35% to prepare the business for future growth. We see modular -- our modular businesses continuing to grow. We continue to expand the price points and styling that we're offering in the marketplace. And it's going to do a significant portion of our total specified commercial carpet business.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Maybe digging [ph] a little bit more once again, in your Mohawk segment. Could you discuss the differences in growth rates between residential versus non-res? And just on a percentage basis or round numbers would be helpful. And also, if you could compare that versus the industry growth rate over the same time period?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't know if I'd give you that detail. The industry in the first quarter grew somewhere around 3%. We grew in line with the industry. And our business, the residential business grew slightly slower than the commercial business. The commercial business still outgrew it a little bit. I'm sorry, the commercial business outgrew the residential.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Two questions. First of all, Frank, I think you said that SG&A dollars would be flat for the year. Can you just talk a little bit about how you achieve that in a improving volume environment? And also knowing how you've been taking costs out of the business in the last couple of years when things were contracting.
Frank H. Boykin: As we've talked about several times, Eric, we have been focused on what we can do to improve productivity, improve efficiencies and how we can do more with less, and we're looking at opportunities from a lean standpoint in consolidation of different functions. And we've done -- our team has done a great job of taking out cost and combining different activities and reducing cost across all different functions. And we're continuing to focus on that. That's at the top of our radar screen today.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The SG&A got leveraged down as the business went down. We're trying to hold the cost where they are and the productivity improve. And the SG&A in the first quarter was 0.9 basis points below the year before. So I mean, we think we're going to continue dropping the SG&A cost as a percent of sales.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: But also just to make sure I understand it. I understand the percentage of sales leverage. But from a dollar standpoint, is that also what you're suggesting for the year? You'll spend the same amount of dollars as what you did last year.
Frank H. Boykin: I think the spend will be about the same. I mean we're not going to be -- the objective is to hold it flat or maybe a little bit up, but it won't be up much.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Unless the sales go up dramatically more than we expect, which would be a good thing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Goldberg with UBS.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's actually Susan. First question, you noted that you had sort of deferred some of the promotions in your rug business. As things are starting to stabilize a little bit, are you finding that you have a little bit more breathing room perhaps in terms of your promotion? The timing maybe and the types of deals that you're offering?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think -- let me change the question. What we said was that our customers were deferring their promotional activities, not us. So what happens is, some of the customers that had promotions in the first quarter pushed them out later in the year. Therefore, we didn't have to ship them in the first quarter.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then you also noted that you are gaining some traction with the larger builders. Can you talk about maybe how you're achieving these gains? And some -- maybe in terms of the pricing, are you seeing a lot of price sensitivity with these guys or how things are going there?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There's always price sensitivity. So that's not a new activity. I think that we're focused on having the right products for the individual markets. We're focused on creating specifications within each one that adds value to them. We have a series of good, better, best products that make it easy for them to trade the customer up and satisfy the needs. And I think we're aggressively going after all the channels.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim with Crdit Suisse.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a quick question here. With the new products introductions that you have both in the Dal-Tile and in the Unilin segments, it seems that you're certainly going for a more targeted niche, likely higher margin. And if you can quantify that? If you can provide some color in terms of expected margins on some of these new product offerings and just thinking about the continuing mix shift going towards those 2 segments and a bit away from the Mohawk segment where there's been the more trading down? How do you think about the overall impact on company-wide margins?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'm not prepared to give you specific margins, but you did interpret it properly that in all the businesses, there are commodity parts of the business. We are supporting those commodity pieces in the Dal-Tile business. But in Dal-Tile and Unilin, we are really focused in improving the mix and improving the products to achieve more margin as we go through, which is how we intend to enhance the margins as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Any chance of having you quantify the impact of the start-up costs associated with your various ventures that are ramping?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: On an annual basis, we estimate it to be about $15 million this year. The big chunks would be the Salamanca plant start up, the Russian plant and then other expenses just associated with all the other capital investments we're putting in.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Of the $15 million, what do you think we saw in the first quarter.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Some 25% of it. It'll be close.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: It's pretty linear, okay. Second question is just, looking at the Mohawk segment margins, I realize first quarter is always difficult to interpret due to the distortion of the seasonal patterns and everything. But first quarter, you put up a 3.6% margin. Certainly, in better times you got that margin in first quarter up to 5.5% to 7%. And obviously, there's a big volume difference between now and when you were peaking out margins. But I guess the question is, how much unrecovered cost inflation are you seeing in the Mohawk segment since the peak?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Since the peak?
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Yes. How much unrecovered cost inflation?
Frank H. Boykin: I have no idea off the top of my head.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I wouldn't even know how to calculate it.
Frank H. Boykin: A lot.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The 2 things that's happening is there's been a tremendous decrease in the volume of the industry, there's been a huge decrease in the mix of the trade ups where we used to sell much higher proportions of higher value, higher-margin products. And as the retailers tried to attract customers, they started selling prices the reason to be rather than trying to sell the thing that fits the need the most. It's going to change. I don't think we've seen a lot of it yet, but we're expecting as the consumers get more comfortable with the marketplace that we'll see a significant improvement in the mix and all the businesses as the economies improve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions here. I know you said that your customers with the deferred of the promos in rug, they deferred it to later in the year and they also drew inventories down. Are you still seeing that activity or the effects of that activity here in the second quarter or will that dissipate? And then I've got a follow-up question.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're anticipating that the second quarter will be more normalized, but you don't know until they send you the orders.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Right. But you would always see it in April though, wouldn't you?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: So far we believe the second quarter is going to be more normal, but you never know until it's over. But we're anticipating more normalized results in the second quarter.
Frank H. Boykin: This is our rug business were talking about.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Correct, I understand. Yes. And the second question, prior to this quarter, in the carpet segment, you had been pretty consistently gaining share over the past few quarters and then maintained share largely in this quarter in carpet. Based on the fact that Bolyu struggled getting a price increase, I would have thought that the share situation might even have been better than the maintenance. Can you talk about market share trends in the industry, what you're seeing, and prospectively what you would imagine to see over the next few quarters?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes, I mean. Some of the things that makes it hard is that as the -- as we all increase prices, we're all trying to identify the future cost of the business and passing through. We think there was some confusion in some of the competitors of what the raw material prices were going to be. So when all those things, it impacted some of the pricing strategies going into the year and some of the competitors tried to raise prices again at a later point. And so all has to do with how the pricing is, the mix is, so it did impact, it could have impacted our sales volume a little bit. But we think that we're set up properly for the future. We think that we are bringing products to the market to add value to it. We believe that we're capturing a greater share of the premium market with the positions we're taking and innovation we're bringing in the marketplace. So we're happy with our position for this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit more about the carpet volumes. I think you said overall, it sounds like carpet volumes are pretty stable, and I think you said that commercial or nonresidential outgrew residential. So I just wanted to confirm those numbers? And then on the residential piece, if you could maybe break that down between what you're seeing on the retail side versus any builder business?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: What we said was that the industry grew about 3% and that in our business, the commercial business was slightly stronger than the residential business. And that's as detailed as we're prepared to give you.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: But just that 3%, that's dollars or that's units? Okay. So you're not willing to talk about just generally even how you're seeing the split between retail and non-retail within the residential business?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Retail and non-retail.
Frank H. Boykin: You mean builder and the rest of the business?
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: Right, right.
Frank H. Boykin: I'm not sure we are able to...
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'm not sure.
Frank H. Boykin: I can't give you an accurate number.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, when you get it, we get it. Internally, we track some of it, but the same products go through both. We think that the -- there's some strengthening of the builder. But again, you have to remember that when you build a new house, we're the last thing in it. So when they start, you got to add close to 9 months before we see it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Baugh with Stifel, Nicolaus.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I mean this in a serious not funny way. How are you going to hold SG&A flat? I assume there's going to be a material increase in executive bonuses, compensation? I knew you'd laugh, but seriously, have we got other decreases that are going to offset that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, we've made a lot of changes in the past 12 months, and we continue to change the business to reduce the cost. We continue to change the business to find productivity. We continue to manage the investments we put in better. And our goal was to try to hold it flat with increasing volume because if you want to have higher margins, you're going to have to get leverage in the -- as the business grows up, you're going to have to leverage the fixed cost and pieces [ph] we go through. And we're doing everything we possibly can. If the business grows more than we think it is, we're going to have to put more investment in, but we put the actions in to try to hold the cost.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: The second question, it kind of relates to the bigger picture. And we've talked a lot about the Mohawk division on this call. I'm curious on the Dal-Tile and Unilin. Could you revisit again, Frank, the sort of where you think margins can go to question in light of Mexico, which is a lower-priced product, some of the things you're doing in laminate or DIY. Just trying to get a feel for how that margin peak years ago compares to where it might go back to in light of some of the changes in the business?
Frank H. Boykin: So yes, John, if you just take each of the 2 separately. First, Dal-Tile. We still believe we can get margins back up to kind of 13%, 14% range there. You talked about Mexico. And our margins in Mexico once we get that Salamanca plant up and running and move the production down out of Monterey down into Salamanca, we'll be in line with the rest of the tile business in terms of the margins there. And then on the Unilin side, we've talked about margins 14% or 15% in that range when we get back to a normalized environment. And that's lower than where we were at the peak. But we talked about we're trying to increase our market share and improve our position both in the U.S. and in Europe getting -- moving into the DIY channel a little bit more. And that'll impact us favorably from a margin dollar standpoint, but we'll see a little bit of decline in the margin percentage from where we were at the peak.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Wetenhall with RBC.
Steven Bachman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is Steve filling in for Bob. Were there certain geographies or segments where price increases were less effective and maybe unable to keep up with some of the raw material inflation?
Frank H. Boykin: I'm sure they were, but I mean -- I don't know if we go down to individual customers and pieces or markets. I mean, we have to meet market competition where it goes. We adjust them, but we think we're going to recover about what we needed to recover.
Steven Bachman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And kind of a follow up. Were there any raw materials that increased in price more than you had expected going into the quarter?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're in the Mohawk division. In the Mohawk piece, it's pretty -- up and through the end of the first quarter, the raw materials were similar to what we had anticipated in the marketplace. And we spent a lot of time trying out guess them. And so far, we were close to the first quarter. Now what happens from here forward, we'll have to see.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lane with Morgan Stanley.
John Lane: I just had a few questions about the -- your pay down of the April maturity. My question is, do you plan to come to market to refinance that in any way or do you think that you'll just pay down the revolver with free cash flow?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, we'll do the latter. We rolled it in the revolver, and we'll just pay down the revolver with free cash flow.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Wood with Macquarie.
Adam Baumgarten - Macquarie Research: This is Adam in for Mike. Just a quick question on Unilin. Can you talk about maybe the core growth in that segment stripping out on any new products? I know you kind of called out FX or any price or anything like that?
Frank H. Boykin: Your question is, what's the organic growth if you pull out new products and acquisitions?
Adam Baumgarten - Macquarie Research: Yes.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't know if we can pull it all out. We can tell you that about 1.5% of it came from the Australian acquisition, the net sales increase. A large part of the sales in that Australian business, we were supplying as a supplier, so you have to deduct that from the piece. So that was about 1.5%. The rest of it I can't put a number on.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing comments.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We appreciate you being on the call. We think we're well-positioned in the marketplace, and we're taking the right actions for the business for the coming year. Have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Mohawk Industries first quarter conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jarrod Rapalje - Longbow Research LLC Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division John Coyle Steven Bachman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Unknown Analyst Tom Mahoney
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kathy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded, today, February 24, 2012. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and CEO. Mr. Lorberbaum, you may begin your conference.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter 2011 conference call. Joining me on this call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who'll review our Safe Harbor statement and later our financial results.
Frank H. Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include a discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Our fourth quarter earnings per share were $0.62 as reported or $0.72 excluding unusual items, an increase of 9% over 2010. Volume and price increases, as well as cost reductions, contributed to our earnings improvement over last year. Sales grew by 9% as reported or 10% on a local basis with all segments showing sales growth over the last 3 quarters. Price increases across many product categories are being implemented in the first quarter to offset higher costs. Excluding unusual items, we reduced SG&A to 18.9% of sales, holding spending flat with last year by overcoming inflation and specific growth investments.  Our leverage is at historically low levels with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 2x, and we have liquidity of more than $900 million available to redeem our 2012 bonds and provide flexibility for future opportunities. In the U.S., both our residential and commercial categories expanded, but the commercial category continued to expand at a faster rate than residential. Builder sentiment rose in January for the fourth consecutive month. In 2012, forecasts for existing home sales expect growth of 5% and for new home starts improving about 15%. The trend has been improving for both U.S. consumer confidence and employment. Our long-term outlook supports a rebound from the present low level -- sales levels experienced by the flooring industry with future growth projected to outpace the overall economy. Frank, would you give the financial report, please?
Frank H. Boykin: Sure. Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. We ended the fourth quarter with net sales of $1.378 billion, 9% up over last year. Sales increased in all segments with both residential and commercial gaining over last year. Our gross margin as a percent of sales was 24.3%, down from last year's 27.1%. Raw material inflation impacted us during the quarter, with price increases that were going to be implemented in the first quarter of 2012 to offset the inflation. SG&A was $269 million or 19.5% of sales as reported. It included noncash charges for an estimated change -- included noncash charges for an estimated change in lease accounting and restructuring activities. Excluding the charges, the fourth quarter SG&A improved by 140 basis points over last year. Our team did an excellent job of managing SG&A. Our full year dollars were actually flat with last year. We were able to offset inflation with productivity improvements. Our emphasis on cost control continues to benefit the business. Charges included $8 million for restructuring and $6 million for a lease accounting change. Dal-Tile results included $3 million of the charges with the balance going into the Mohawk segment. $5 million of the charges were included in cost of goods sold and the remaining $9 million in SG&A. Our operating margin excluding charges was 5.8% compared to 6.9% last year. Interest expense was $24 million, an improvement over last year's $30 million. We had better rates and a new bank facility that resulted in a lower interest expense. We're estimating our 2012 interest expense to be approximately $90 million. Income tax rate excluding charges was 9% during the quarter. We're estimating our full year rate in 2012 to be 20%. Earnings per share excluding charges were $0.72 compared to $0.66 last year, representing a 9% improvement.  If we turn to the segments, the Mohawk segment sales ended the quarter at $724 million or a 9% improvement. We had a strong fourth quarter this year with improvement in both volume and price. Our SmartStrand and polyester products both performed well. Operating margin excluding charges was 5.7%. The margin was down as a result of higher raw material cost, which impacted our results. We've got productivity improvements that partially offset these higher cost.  The Dal-Tile segment sales came in at $349 million or a 10% improvement over last year. Our business both in the U.S. and Mexico improved year-over-year. We had one of our strongest quarters in the Dal-Tile business over the last 3 years this past quarter. Our operating income was $22 million or 6.2% of sales. Operating income is up about 10% over last year with our margin percent flat. In raw materials and transportation cost, we had some headwinds during the quarter. We're putting in price increases in the first quarter to offset this inflation.  Our Unilin segment sales ended the quarter at $326 million, up 10% over last year as reported and on a constant exchange rate basis. Our sales during the quarter were benefited by the Australian distribution acquisition that was closed during the third quarter of 2011 and price increases that we put in place earlier in the year. Operating income for the quarter was $22 million or 6.6% of sales. Our operating income is up slightly over last year as we were impacted by declining mix, as well as start-up costs with our Russian laminate plant.  Corporate and eliminations segment showed an operating loss of $4 million, which is in line with our expectations. If we move to our balance sheet, our cash ended the quarter at $312 million. That compares to $382 million a year ago. The decline is due to bonds that we paid in the first quarter of 2011. Our receivables were $686 million and continued to be in good shape. Our days sales outstanding ended at 46.7 days, which is about flat with the year ago. Inventories were $1,114,000,000, up over last year with our inventory days showing slight improvement over last year. We were impacted this year in inventory by a prebuy in raw materials, inflation and in the Australian acquisition, which added about $10 million to our inventory. We're continuing to focus on increasing our turns as we move through the year and expect to show improvement through the year.  Our fixed assets ended the quarter at $1,712,000,000, including CapEx of $93 million during the quarter and depreciation and amortization of $75 million. We're estimating that our capital expenditures for 2012 will be $235 million with depreciation and amortization estimated to be $300 million during 2012. Our long-term debt ended the quarter at $1.586 billion. We increased our bank facility by $150 million in the first quarter of 2012 with pricing that's consistent with our previous bank deal. This will improve our liquidity for any growth opportunities and provide us liquidity for payment of our 2012 bonds that come due in April. Our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage of 2x is at historical low levels. We're finishing this year with a strong balance sheet and excellent liquidity. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Our Mohawk segment sales grew by more than 8% with both residential and commercial channels showing improvement. Operating margins were compressed by higher raw material costs and the delay of our price increase until the first quarter of 2012. A price increase of 5% to 7% is presently being implemented and will partially offset material inflation in the first quarter. We continue to lower our manufacturing cost with improved productivity and reduce our infrastructure with efficiency improvements and restructuring activities.  In our Residential business, we introduced 2 brand extensions in our exclusive SmartStrand product category. SmartStrand Ultra is a unique brand for the specialty retail channel with a collection of new soft stylized products with enhanced warranty that complement their value position. We also introduced the next generation of soft carpets, with our new collection called SmartStrand Silk. No other carpet compares to SmartStrand Silk's soft feel, performance and environmental position. SmartStrand Silk is being enthusiastically received by the market and will begin shipping in the first quarter. Our EverStrand and Wear-Dated Revive polyester products grew significantly, driven by fashionable products, excellent value and industry-leading recycled content. The expansion of our polyester collections with new styles and price points are being well accepted by our customers. We're integrating our premium carpet cushion into our carpet-selling systems to enhance the mix and margins of our customers. Sales of our Mohawk hard surface products grew with engineered hardwood showing the greatest gains, particularly our domestic, exotic and distressed surfaces. We also launched a new line of luxury vinyl tile with our patented Uniclic technology for easier installation. A 2% to 6% price increase for our vinyl products is being implemented this month.  Commercial sales posted strong year-over-year gains for the sixth consecutive quarter with both broadloom and carpet tile increasing. We've expanded our specifications with national accounts and have realized the strongest growth in corporate hospitality and retail channels.  In our premium Belize brand, we introduced a SmartStrand collection that leverages its stain resistance and environmental benefits. Our Duracolor collection with premium features and more economical prices was also introduced. We've improved our delivery time on all our commercial products and expanded our quick ship offerings. In addition to the carpet price increase, we also raised delivery charges to offset transportation costs. We believe our prices will align with material costs when they're fully implemented in the second period, and we'll respond to future inflation as necessary. Inventory levels were increased in the fourth period in anticipation of higher material prices in the first quarter. During the quarter, we completed the second phase of our 2011 extrusion expansion to satisfy the growing demand for our SmartStrand and EverStrand products. We're increasing our carpet tile production about 35% with the majority currently operational. We implemented a new soft-surface printing technology with enhanced design capabilities and productivity to strengthen our hospitality in printed rug lines. We re-engineered our existing backing systems and consolidated our offerings to provide better performance, service and value.  During the year, we deployed new technologies to increase our recycled content, supporting our commitments to sustainable manufacturing. Our Mohawk segment improved productivity yields and performance of our overall infrastructure. We completed the closure of a staple yarn mill and associate extrusion assets in a commercial carpet manufacturing facility. By improving product flow, we further reduced regional warehouse capacity and improved our costs.  Dal-Tile sales grew about 10% during the quarter with increases in commercial sales still exceeding residential. Hospitality, healthcare, retail and government sectors led the growth of our Commercial business. Our residential sales continued their positive trends for the third consecutive period. Our investments in design technology, product expansion, marketing and distribution sustained the growth of our business. In the first quarter, we're anticipating price increases of 3% to 5% on certain products to cover the higher material and transportation costs. Our statements retail program is selectively adding retailers who want to be the preferred destination for ceramic and stone products. American Olean has replaced 3 distributors in smaller markets to improve our service and market position. We increased our presence in the Home Center channel with expanded offerings in both floor tile and wall tile. We're broadening our design alternatives for larger ceramic tiles at all price levels to meet the expanding demand. Our new ceramic introductions replicating wood finishes are being well-received for use in areas that require high durability or resistance to water.  In Mexico, we're significantly growing our sales with the expansion of both our customer base and product offerings in anticipation of the completion of our new facility in April of this year. This facility's red body tile will complement the higher value products, which have been our primary focus.  The new sales we're presently developing will be converted to red body and provide higher margins when the plant is operating efficiently. At the most recent show in Mexico, Mohawk received an award for the best ceramic tile product in the industry. Price increases of 3% to 5% are being implemented to recover increasing material energy costs in Mexico also. In both the U.S. and Mexico, we're increasing the sales of products manufactured by our Chinese JV. In China, new product introductions using our Reveal Imaging and other high-performance technologies are improving Sanfis styling and product mix. A new showroom concept is being introduced to enhance the effectiveness of our retailers improve -- and improve our distribution. Changes in government policies to reduce real estate inflation have caused the ceramic industry to slow. We are adjusting our cost structures, product lines and business strategies to accommodate the present environment. Recent banking policy changes to encourage economic expansion should help our industry.  During the quarter, Dal-Tile reduced cost with improvements in production speeds, yield and process controls along with reductions in waste and energy. With recent investments, we're recycling a higher level of internal waste back into our processes. Sales of our Reveal Imaging continue to strengthen, and weve added capacity in the U.S. and Mexico to meet the demand. Our natural gas consumption per unit improved to an all-time low in 2011. Logistic improvements increased shipments from our manufacturing sites directly to our customers, and we implemented lower-cost transportation methods to minimize costs.  Unilin sales grew 10% as reported and on a local basis. Operating income was reported at $21.6 million, up slightly from last year. Unilin's margins were impacted by material inflation, declining mix and the start-up of several major initiatives.  Our laminate and wood flooring products continue growing in Europe, supported by the success of our new product introductions, expansion of our DIY strategy, the addition of our Australian distribution and Russian manufacturing.  In Europe, we're implementing a laminate price increase of 2% to 3% in the first quarter. In the fourth quarter, U.S. wood sales grew, laminate was slightly softer, and we saw reductions in inventory by customers. In the U.S., we received additional commitments with Home Centers for both laminate and wood, which will begin shipping in the first quarter. Our new laminate introductions are addressing today's fashion trends with larger formats in both wood planks and tiles. Visually, our new introductions have more character with new rustic, antique and reclaimed looks, complemented with precise embossing to enhance their realism. Our wood products are following similar design trends using soft scraping and multiple color applications to achieve rich appearances. We're introducing more luxury vinyl tile and incorporating our patented click systems where suitable.  Our U.S. solid wood facilities are being modified further to improve our productivity and lower costs. The consolidation of our wood plants in Malaysia is on track for completion in the first quarter, reducing costs and increasing capacity. Our Russian laminate plant is in the start-up phase and has begun delivering products comparable to our European production. We will increase production at the Russian facility during the first half by offering more locally produced products. We completed the acquisition of an Australian wood and laminate distributor at the end of the third period. Activities to improve processes, coordinate supplies and increase market penetration are ongoing. In the future, other product types may be distributed in Australia.  Our Board business in Europe is improving our top line growth from our cyclical bottoms, and we have raised prices to recover higher material costs. However, there is significant pressure on our margins due to limited construction and continued excess industry capacity in many of our products. We're combining our 2 board sales forces to increase distribution, product penetration and efficiency. Additional strategies to increase sales, reduce the infrastructure and increase productivity are being executed. Our Insulation Board business, which initiated production about 2 years ago is exceeding our expectation and is presently being expanded. We have also purchased another site in France to manufacture insulation boards, which will be operational in the second half of 2013. Our click furniture rollout is progressing in Europe, and we have made additional investments to communicate the features to the retail consumer. We entered into our first licensing agreement for manufacturing click furniture with our patented technology, and new products have been designed to sell components to other manufacturers of furniture.  Mohawk's strategy to have a healthier workforce and reduce cost for both the company and our employees is succeeding. We're improving the health of our employees and their families by providing on-site clinics, disease management and education on assessing quality care and shopping for the best value. Our Your Choice Healthplan will be fully implemented in 2013 and should further advance these trends. Training magazine recently recognized Mohawk as the fourth best organization in the country for employee-sponsored training and development programs. In the past 6 years, Mohawk is the only manufacturing company to be selected as one of the top 5 recipients of this award. Throughout this cyclical decline, we have driven significant improvements in our business strategies, organizational talent, product innovation and process enhancement. Improving consumer confidence, a positive employment outlook and lower housing inventories are cause for future optimism. In the first quarter, we anticipated additional sales growth but at a lower rate than the fourth quarter, which had easier comparisons. Presently, we're raising prices on many of our products to recover the inflation of our materials. These increases will not be fully implemented until the second quarter, reducing our first period margins. The start-up expenses on our major projects will impact our short-term results, and additional costs will decline as they ramp up. We expect continued sales growth, higher pricing and productivity improvements will impact favorably our 2012 results. With these factors, our guidance for the first quarter earnings is $0.47 to $0.57 per share, excluding any restructuring costs. The flooring industry should continue its improvement throughout 2012. We have many initiatives to strengthen our product offering, expand our geographic reach, recover raw material inflation and reduce our costs. Our financial structure is strong, and we can take advantage of new opportunities.  With that, we'll be glad to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: The first question I had was on the top line expectations. You'd said in the release that you expect growth in the first quarter but to a lesser rate than the fourth quarter due to easier comparisons you had in the fourth quarter. I was interested if that kind of slower growth rate you expect to be uniform across all 3 segments or with the initiatives that you're having, for example, with the Home Centers with the laminate and wood if Unilin could maybe benefit from that, or if there's any type of company-specific trends that might allow one segment to maybe do a little better than another. And I guess, that question is also more broadly for 2012.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We typically don't get into the exact details of each of the segments in the 4 pieces. I can tell you that for the -- if you look at the full year 2011 growth, we expect those trends to continue going on into 2012. And what happened in '11 though, we had, in the second half, the comparisons were a little easier so theyll be a little different in '12. But we think that the present trends we're seeing will continue in all the different categories.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I guess the second question is on the margin side. With Unilin kind of lower than where it's been in the last previous few years, and I think you guys have talked about some of it being a negative mix. I guess going forward, over the next 2 or 3 years, I mean, should we expect a 9% to 10% type of level as the new normal? And also if you could give us any thoughts around the royalty situation, if that should change the profitability of the unit over the next year or 2?
Frank H. Boykin: Where to start with that one? The margins in the Unilin segment are depressed as the whole market has gone through a downturn. The market continues to remain difficult, so the margins have been compressed. We see the market remain difficult in the period. As we look forward into next year, we see slowing of the European economy in general. The compression, I guess, relates back to -- in Europe there's more excess capacity in the marketplace as the economy really hasnt -- in the building segment, things haven't bounced back yet, and there are still customers trading down. Whats happened to ours in the short-term is that our portfolio growth has been more in the non-laminate products, and that growth is that -- and the non-laminate products don't have the same margins as our differentiated laminate products. If you look over the long term, we expect the margins to improve as we come out of this thing going forward. But I think that they'll probably be in the mid-teens rather than we're up in the 18% range -- 16% to 18%, probably be in the 14% to 15% when we come out of this thing.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg with UBS.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's actually Susan for David. It sounds like as we go through 2012, youre focusing more in terms of new products and expansion and those kinds of efforts versus taking cost out of the business. Is that -- should we expect that you're primarily done with a lot of your restructuring and that most of that is sort of behind us as we go through the year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We've done a lot of restructuring in all the businesses. We don't have any planned at this point. But I have to tell you, we're always looking to better position the business, if we identify opportunities to do that that we'll do it. We will take short-term charges and implement those as we go forward. If I left you the impression we're through with cost reductions, I made a big error. It is on top of the list of each of the divisions. It's pushed down through the pieces. We have developed over the last few years really good systems of identifying potential opportunities. They are all aligned by business, by -- all the way down to the department levels. There are monthly reviews of those pieces, and we're driving them hard.
Susan Maklari - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. I just meant more in terms of the bigger trends that we're seeing. And then can you just give us -- has there been any change in what you're seeing in terms of maybe M&A opportunities? Are you seeing more attractive things come up as perhaps the market stabilizes a bit?
Jeff Lorberbaum: There are some conversations going on. As is typical when you're in these points in time, you're sort of at an inflection point where the sellers of businesses believe that they want to get paid for the future improvements, and the buyers want to pay for what the business is presently doing. So in those times, we're in a time where there probably be more acquisitions going on in the marketplace over the next year, but we have to move through those where they profit the line with expectations on both sides.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
Jarrod Rapalje - Longbow Research LLC: It's actually Jarrod Rapalje filling in for David. My first question is on margins. You listed a lot of start-up expenses that are expected to weigh on margins by segment. Can you just talk about where you expect to see the brunt of this affect margins, maybe some quantification about how much of an impact you can see? I know you're just talking about raw material inflation being neutral starting in 2Q. Can -- so what kind of pressure can we expect to see from the start-up costs?
Frank H. Boykin: In the fourth quarter, there was about $3 million of start-up costs. I don't have it by the quarter. For next year, it's probably going to be an additional $8 million to $10 million with most of it front-end loaded in the first half.
Jarrod Rapalje - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And is that -- can you talk about where most of that is going to be seen by segment?
Frank H. Boykin: Most of it is going to be in the Dal-Tile, in Unilin businesses. The Dal-Tile is starting up the Mexican plant and the Unilin putting more investments in the Russian plant getting it off the ground. And then there's a lot of smaller things across all the businesses.
Jarrod Rapalje - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. With the Mexican plant, you mentioned it's going to be up and running by next -- by April. What -- how quickly or how much of a bump can we expect to see from that? And in terms of profitability, how quickly will it be accretive to the P&L?
Frank H. Boykin: The capacity put in Mexico, the average selling price of the material is about half of what it is in the U.S. because of the different materials, as well as we don't have the same distribution margin in it as well. The plant, as it's set up, will probably have a capacity for around $50 million of additional sales when it starts up. It can be significantly expanded from that point. It should impact the margins when it gets running sometimes towards the end of the year. We expect the cost to come down. And as we move to production from our either northern plant, which we're actually shipping higher-cost products at lower prices getting prepared for that, and as we bring other products in, it should impact positively the margins in Mexico a few percentage points.
Jarrod Rapalje - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. If I can sneak one last one in there, within Mohawk this quarter, with -- can you break out the volumes of Residential and Commercial and tell us what you're seeing in the Commercial business? If you -- any slowdown over the last several months?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We'll break out the specific pieces, the -- I think in last year, the commercial carpet grew as an industry somewhere at about 7%. Part of that is driven by a shift to higher-priced tiles, so that's actually growing -- the dollars are growing faster than the units in the whole industry. As we look at the Residential business in our thing, we see the industry as a total, we think, is probably flat to off slightly but improving. Our view going forward in '12 is that the residential piece is going to continue strengthening with the employment and the economy, and we really expect the Renovation and Building businesses to improve, whats built into our own forecast.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim with Crdit Suisse.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if -- because you're talking there about the switch to some higher-priced tile. Within all the segments really, are you seeing much of a -- any of a positive mix shift occurring? Over the past couple of years, there was definitely a shift towards more commoditized lower-priced items. Are you seeing anything of that and any thoughts in terms of a positive impact on margins from that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're not seeing a significant change at this point. We believe it's bottomed out. And we're optimistic about it improving with the economy, but I can't say weve really seen it yet.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then a second question, I'm just wondering when we think within the Mohawk segment, what do you think about the ability to push for further price increases if needed, given input costs and such, after sort of seeing some challenges with pricing last fall? How do you look at that if there's a need for further price increases?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have -- in the last years, we've gone through significant inflation in the carpet industry. We have been able to pass it through. What you saw last year was not that we weren't able to pass it through, is that the timing was moved 1 month or 2, which is not exactly the same thing. I see no reason why if the raw materials go up that we won't pass them through because they're such a high percentage of the total cost when they go up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: I guess my first question is similar to the pricing announcements. I think within the Mohawk segment, I believe the announcements you made last year will get you to a double-digit type increase, but the realized price adjusted for mix is somewhere in the low-single digits. So I was just hoping to square those 2 if you could talk about how much of the drag was mix, what the effective pricing really was and anything else that's maybe causing a diversion from that timing or something else?
Jeff Lorberbaum: There's a lot of moving pieces. So first, you have the price increases that went in. I don't have it in front of me the average pricing went up. But what happened is not only you're having those go up, you have a change in mix from nylon to polyester. So there was a mix change so you bought similar value products out of lower raw materials. There's a dramatic shift going on in that, offsetting some of the price increase that's going on. In addition to that, you have the consumer trading down from our higher-priced products to a lower one, so what you -- the realization to the price in total is different. I don't have that by segment. If you look over the whole business, I would guess that about 4% of the total was price increase across all the various businesses -- of the total dollar increase, about 4% of it is pricing across all the various businesses.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: Would you expect that the Mohawk business was above that average?
Frank H. Boykin: I don't really know because -- it was probably a little bit, but I don't know for sure because of that -- the mix change was so dramatic.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, Research Division: Okay, got it. Separately, you touched on this a little bit, but just curious on your thoughts as best as you can quantify it, share across the different segments what you think you did plus or minus in 2011? And then as you move into next year, it sounds like the share gains are most pronounced in the Dal-Tile and Unilin business, but any other expectations that you'd have for share growth?
Frank H. Boykin: In most of the businesses, we don't have specific numbers to get them at this point. The industry numbers aren't available in most of the different pieces. I think that in the Mohawk segment, we turned a corner, and I think that we did slightly better than the industry. We put a lot of things in place to improve our share over the past year through enhancing our sales team, expanding our polyester and SmartStrand offering, improving our commercial offering on those. In the Dal-Tile business, we keep expanding our presence and broadening our product line in the United States. The commercial business has improved in the U.S., and we have a large -- a larger share of the commercial business and the residential business in the Dal-Tile business. I think we're set up to grow faster than the industry as it picks up. The Unilin business has a lot of different parts in it. I think that our laminate business we improved share in, but we're in a lot of businesses in Europe that are highly depressed. And I don't know exactly when they're going to come out.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Barclays Capital.
John Coyle: Its actually John Coyle filling in for Stephen. Just want to try and understand the nature of the homebuilder relationship. Do you guys have an idea like what your share is with the top 20 builders, how the relationship would work between you guys and a builder? Is it exclusive, or does it vary regionally? And then if you can maybe quantify your leverage to new single-family starts?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes, we do have the information. No, I don't have the information. We track all of the major builders in each of the different relationships we have. The major builders we have multiple ways of getting to them depending upon how they want to do business. Some of the builders have specifications that they specify the products to it. Some have national specifications. Some have regional specifications. Some buy through contractors that they make arrangements for. Some control the purchases that the contractor provides them. Some of the contractor provides them, so we develop relationships with the various contractors within it. And there's -- then you get to the smaller ones, there's then 100 other ways to do business. So there's all types of ways. I think that we have good relationships with most of them. We're doing things to increase the specifications in all of our businesses with them. I think we're well-positioned in the marketplace, and we'll continue to do things to try to maximize our share. When we look at it this year, it's going to improve. We're guessing about 15% or so. So 15% of a relatively low level versus historical, and we hope to participate more than our share of it.
John Coyle: Got it. Then just in the event of a -- sorry, of an increase in volume, just trying to get a -- just trying to get an idea of the margin leverage across the various businesses. Could you maybe talk about them in order of magnitude, how you look at each division on like an incremental-margin basis?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, at the operating margin level, I think we're looking at the Mohawk division at maybe 15% incremental margin. And then Unilin or rather Dal-Tile at about 25%, and Unilin at about 30%.
Operator: And your next question comes from Bob Wetenhall with RBC.
Steven Bachman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is Steven Bachman in for Bob. Given the increasing confidence for both builders and investors over the past couple of months, I mean, has anything specifically changed in the broader market to give you guys confidence that the price increases can be successfully implemented versus a couple of months ago?
Frank H. Boykin: I mean, the price increases for the most part are well being executed already. So it's not like we don't know where they are. They're going through the marketplace and being implemented as we speak. We understand the competitive market at this point, and they're basically in place moving forward.
Steven Bachman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I guess as a clarification, is there something that has changed that you think is the reason why they're going through? Or is it just kind of this is the way the market works?
Frank H. Boykin: I don't see anything unusual about it. This is the way it works.
Steven Bachman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Make sense. And as a follow-up, can you give an overview of how much of some of your key raw materials have increased on like a percentage basis over the fourth quarter, be it propylene or something else? And if there's any incremental view on the extent to which they're rising in the first quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: On specific items you're asking?
Steven Bachman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, like propylene, for example.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't have those in front of me, but there are charts that show market prices of them that are readily available. What happened in last fall, the polypropylene were high. They took a dip, and then they came back up where they are. The prices going forward, they're anybody's guess. They're driven by oil prices on one side, their chemical capacity on the other and worldwide demand, and they can be going opposite directions. So far my forecasts, I mean, they're not worth the paper they're written on 3 to 6 months from now.
Frank H. Boykin: But we do believe our current price increase that we've got in place that we're implementing now is going to cover any present raw material cost. And as Jeff said earlier, we'll adjust further as we need.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Baugh with Stifel, Nicolaus.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if we could look at raw materials in calendar '11 in full. And you mentioned, I think, that you estimated 4% pricing for the year. What would raw materials have been? And what I'm trying to get at is, you keep talking about catching up with the prices that you're going to implement now. I'm wondering sort of what the dollar spread was between how much raws went up in 2011 across all of your businesses versus how much your prices went up.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't have the exact numbers. The raw materials in total across all the different businesses probably went up approaching $200 million across the various businesses. I don't have the exact numbers in front of me. And what happened is that we passed through a lot of it. On the other hand, a lot of the productivity and improvements we made went -- offset that, which is why the margins didn't jump dramatically.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So -- but if that were true, I mean, you did, what, $5.16 billion in revenue, and you said 4% of that was maybe pricing.
Frank H. Boykin: And mix, John. We can't separate those 2. So mix is a negative in that equation, right?
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. And not in terms of what's going to flow through your P&L here in the first quarter because I anticipate there's still margin pressure there, but what's happening right now with the key raw materials on the spot market, if you will? Weve seen oil move dramatically here. Has there been a recent spike in any of those or not?
Jeff Lorberbaum: There's not enough time past to see the impact of that, and we're still waiting to understand it. And what the erratic part of it is, it's hard to tell what it's going to be a month from now.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And my final question would be on Unilin. If we were somehow able to separate off just the European Laminate business, Jeff, has the margin there pretty much held up? Have the volumes pretty much held up? I understand all the Board issues and other things, where it sounds like it's pretty depressed.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In Europe, you have the same thing that's going on here is that there's been trading down of the quality of the products. So that as you traded down, some of the margins were compressed with the trading down. We've been able, through the expansion of our distribution into the DIY channel, that our product to, we think, do better than the marketplace. And volume -- on the other side, we think our margins are much higher than the rest because we have no commodity business in the -- in that business where there's other participants that have huge commodity businesses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions here that are left. Specifically, related to Dal-Tile pricing, I know historically that it's been difficult to get pricing in ceramic tile because of all the input pricing pressure. Do you anticipate there being issues with this particular price increase? Are the importers seeing the same inflation in the opacifiers that you folks are seeing? What's the sense of the ability to jam that one through?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I can't speak for all the importers. I can tell you that we're seeing it in Mexico, in China and the U.S. So the raw materials in every market Ive seen are going up. They have the same suppliers across the world. So all markets are having those. The other part is that you got to keep remembering in Ceramic is that a large part of the costs are moving it to the destination in transportation, and I don't care where you buy it from. It goes up.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And last question then, you're talking about your liquidity being $900 million, and you have the bonds coming due. I guess that leaves about $600 million-or-so in free liquidity to make an acquisition if need be. But there's more than half of that would be, I'm guessing, tied up in Europe. So does that mean that if you were to make a deal that you would lean more towards looking in the European theater for acquisitions because that's where the cash is tied up?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We are looking for places to use the cash in Europe, but you're assuming that I don't have any other options to raise capital, which I don't think is correct.
Frank H. Boykin: And let me just clarify, the money that is outside of the U.S., we can use it anywhere outside of the U.S., not necessarily just in Europe and not have tax consequences.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: As you look at the organic growth, I believe you had different days in the fourth quarter of 2010. Is there an adjustment we need to make to that to get to the, kind of, core number?
Frank H. Boykin: The days in 2010 and 2011 fourth quarter, Keith, were about the same in those 2.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if we look specifically in the U.S. carpet market at the big surge in polyester product. I guess have we seen that peak in the last couple quarters? Is it still continuing? What's your view there, Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think the trend's continuing, and it's going to continue. Polyester products are being able to be put in a broader selection of products. The customers are looking how to provide the most value to their consumers. They're trying to offset the price inflation of the raw materials, so we believe that polyester will continue growing, which is one of the reasons we invested almost $100 million in expanding our extrusion capacity to support it and our SmartStrand. The 2 things are different. The SmartStrand is going into higher-value products, and we really believe that we have a huge opportunity in the high end with the new silk products we're introducing. There is -- there are 2 trends in the marketplace. One is cheaper products in polyester, and the other is softness. And our silk products are a dramatic step change for the marketplace.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: When we get a stronger economy, most likely, the mix will go back to the other direction back to the high end of the market. It appears you have a lot more competitors at the low end, particularly in polyester, one particular new entrant. When we go back to a shift to the high end, will that be a sheer gain opportunity for Mohawk?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean, we always try to improve our position in all the pieces. We participate in all the parts in the marketplace. I think that as it shifts -- it's going to shift back because nobody wakes up in the morning and says they want the cheapest thing in their homes. They all aspire to have better. And there's been a compression through the entire channel about the retailer trying to present a value to the customer to get a bigger share and the suppliers trying to meet those needs, so that compression has made it much worse. At some point, it's going to turn, and we think we're positioned to participate in both.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Cook [ph] with Voyant Advisors [ph].
Unknown Analyst: What percentage of the increase in inventory related to raw material concentration and what percentage related to inventory quantities?
Frank H. Boykin: The raw material inflation was about $26 million. But -- I'm sorry, $44 million. But we also, as I mentioned, we bought ahead. We make -- we strategically increased our carpet raw material inventories about $26 million to get ahead of some cost increases.
Unknown Analyst: And that's on a year-over-year basis?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then you guys mentioned a change in lease accounting, but in the earnings release, you guys called it a correction of an immaterial error. So was this a change in lease accounting, or was it an actual error?
Frank H. Boykin: It's a -- let me just kind of go through that for you. It's -- first, to make it clear, there's no cash impact on us. The accounting rules here require that uneven lease payments be expensed on a straight-line basis. And we were previously estimating the amount. We put in a new lease accounting system that gave us a more precise number, and that's what we're recording now so it's a true-up to get us to a more precise number.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then one last question. You'd mentioned that there would likely be restructuring charges in FY '12. I was wondering if you could quantify what the restructuring charges would be in Q1 and in FY '12?
Jeff Lorberbaum: What I said was there was no restructuring at this point and that we're always looking to better position the business. And if we find things we could do, we would do them.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Tom Mahoney: This is Tom Mahoney calling in for Eric today. Just quickly, what are you guys seeing in January and February versus the 10% organic number in the fourth quarter?
Frank H. Boykin: We're seeing continued trends at the sales level. What we said was that the second half of last year and the fourth quarter in particular had easier comparisons because the prior year, the volume went up in the first half and was under pressure in the second half. From there, we said as we look forward into this year, we think that the overall growth for 2011 will continue into there, noting that the comparisons will be a little more difficult though.
Tom Mahoney: Okay. And then what's the best way to think about the 1Q comparison because if you take out the calendar impact from 4Q, sales were up 2% -- from 4Q '10, sales were up 2%. And then you move into 1Q '11 and organic sales were flat. What's the best way to think about the comparison in the first quarter?
Frank H. Boykin: I'm not sure we followed your numbers there, your percentage increases.
Jeff Lorberbaum: They don't sound like they're aligned with ours.
Tom Mahoney: Okay. I will -- we can follow it up after the call.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes. That might be better.
Operator: At this time, there are no other questions. I will now turn the call back over to the presenters for closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you very much for joining our call. It looked like were well-positioned at the marketplace, and were optimistic about 2012. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance Jeff Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: David Goldberg - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Stephen F. East - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division Mike Adler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Tom Austin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Stephen Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Tom Mahoney  Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC. David J. Manger - AMI Investment Management, Inc. Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephanie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded, today, November 4, 2011. Thank you. I would like to introduce Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and CEO of Mohawk Industries. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning. Thank you for joining our third quarter 2011 conference call. With me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review our Safe Harbor statement and later our financial results.
Frank H. Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Our third quarter earnings per share were $0.68 as reported or $0.83, an increase of 12% excluding unusual items over 2010. Volume increases, process improvements and lower interest expense all contributed to our earnings improvement. Our sales during the period exceeded last year by 10% despite declining consumer confidence and an uncertain housing market impacting flowing demand. All business segments reflected growth over the prior year.  Our cash position remained strong with $276 million at the end of the quarter and leverage remains low with our debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio at 2.1x. The company's third quarter results reflect an improvement over last year even with the increasing raw materials and consumer reluctance to invest in renovation projects.  Sales in both the residential and commercial categories expanded with our commercial renovation leading the growth and new residential continuing to lag. The architectural billings index rose in August, indicating future growth in commercial construction. Longer term, our sector should recover from the depressed levels and expands faster than the overall economy, as renovation and housing sales rebound. Frank, could you give the financial report, please?
Frank H. Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Net sales for the quarter were $1,443,000; up 10%, as reported; or 8% on a constant exchange rate basis. All 3 segments grew with both residential and commercial up in the U.S. We were positively impacted by both volume and price increases during the quarter.  Our gross margin was 24.8% compared to 26.3% last year, down year-over-year with rising raw materials and continuing mix pressure. We were also impacted in our Dal-Tile margins, while last year, insurance proceeds covering the loss from the flood in our Mexican plant resulted in a higher-than-normal margin in 2010.  SG&A was $266 million or 18.5% of sales. That compares to 19.8% of sales last year. SG&A cost control is at positive, with that dollars flat compared to last year on a constant exchange rate basis.  Restructuring charges were $2 million during the quarter and all within the Mohawk segment, with about half in cost of goods sold and the remaining half in SG&A. Operating margin, excluding charges, was 6.5% compared to 6.8% last year.  Interest expense was $25 million and was favorably affected by lower interest rates this year. Other expense was $14 million and includes a $9 million loss related primarily to the peso devaluation.  Since our Mexican Dal-Tile business is based on U.S. dollars, the accounting rules required that the balance sheet be revalued from the peso to the dollar and the change recorded as mix expense. This is different than our other international operations for the changes recorded to equity.  In the third quarter, the revaluation reduced income by $9 million, which is an unusually high number. Usually, this amount runs in the range of $1 million to $2 million each quarter over the last 10 years.  Our income tax rate, excluding charges, was 11% both this year and last year. We expect the tax rate to be in the mid-single-digit range to fourth quarter this year due to favorable settlements and some of our tax audits.  Earnings per share, excluding charges, the peso FX charge, the restructuring charge and deferred loan cost write-off were $0.83 a share, up 12% compared to a year ago.  If we move to the segments, the Mohawk segment sales were $754 million, up 6% from a year ago, with both residential and commercial growing over last year. Both volume and price mix were positive. We had 2 price increases that were fully implemented by the end of the third quarter.  Operating income, excluding charges, was $33 million or 4.4% of sales. Our margins reflect year-over-year with inflation and mix offsetting productivity gains.  Dal-Tile sales were $382 million, up 11% over last year. However, we estimated sales would have been up 5% to 7%, excluding the impact of the flood that we had in Mexico last year. We're continuing to show good growth in this division.  Operating income was $33 million or 8.7% of sales. Our margin last year, again, was favorably impacted by the insurance proceeds we received from the flood.  In the Unilin segment, sales were $330 million, up 19% as reported, or 11% on a constant exchange rate basis. Both our European and our U.S. businesses showed positive results for the quarter.  Operating income was $33 million or 10% of net sales. We were favorably impacted in the quarter by foreign exchange by $3 million. We had both price increases and volume improving our earnings in the quarter.  Our Corporate and Eliminations segment reflected a charge of $6 million and we're estimating a full year charge of $20 million to $25 million.  Finally, turning to the balance sheet, cash ended up at $276 million, down from last year, as we used a portion of it to pay off the 2011 bonds earlier this year. Receivables of $775 million showed an improvement in DSOs, where our days were down to 45.9 days. Inventories were $1,132,000. Our inventory days improved almost 4 days from the end of last year. We had about $60 million of inflation in our inventory when compared to the end of the fourth quarter last year.  Long-term debt was $1.611 billion, down $43 million from last year. This includes a purchase of $15 million of our 2012 bonds during the quarter. We purchased an additional $49 million of those bonds in October for a total of $64 million that we repurchased in September and October. We paid approximately $102.7 million for those bonds. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Our Mohawk segment sales were up 6% as we improved our position and grew on both residential and commercial categories. Operating margins were lower due to price increases, lagging material inflation, as well as continued pressure on our product mix as consumers remain cautious about larger discretionary investments. During the quarter, residential grew across most channels and product categories. Our performance in the Home Center channel improved with additional product placements and expansion of our SmartStrand products. Through specialty retailers, we accelerated new SmartStrand where they had product introductions and lots of joint carpet and pad programs with enhanced warranties to improve the value proposition.  And the multifamily channel support for our Triexta, Tri-Star carpets continue to grow through its superior durability, stain resistance and value.  Our new extrusion capacity has allowed us to expand our sales in the fast-growing Polyester segment. Sales growth was also achieved in most categories of our Mohawk residential hard-surface products through new placement and program expansions.  Commercial sales momentum continued from the previous quarter, with both broadloom and carpet tile achieving gains. Commercial sales have increased from gaining national and regional specifications and expanding partnerships with foreign contractors.  Our courtship program has tailored to commercial projects with short lead times and has been expanded to include a wider variety of price and product solutions. We've installed advanced printing technology with the next generation of precision designing for our hospitality carpets. We have broadened our commercial SmartStrand product, targeting corporate and institutional channels, offering fashionable carpet tiles with low-maintenance and a compelling environmental advantage.  We continue to gain sales on all commercial categories for offering leading product designs, service and support to architect and designer communities.  During 2011, we implemented 2 price increases that were fully realized by the end of the third quarter. During the period, raw material costs were greater than we anticipated and the higher expense will impact our fourth quarter costs and margins.  We delayed a third quarter price increase in the fourth quarter due to a lack of support. We'll monitor our material costs and market conditions and consider further price changes as appropriate.  Throughout the year, our team has driven innovation and process improvement across the segment. We have implemented hundreds of initiatives, yielding costs savings in 2011. The major reductions include lower extrusion cost, product re-engineering improvement, administrative restructuring, higher process fees and efficiencies and tighter process controls.  We've implemented Phase 1, or the 35% increase in carpet tile capacity, which we completed going into next year. We've re-engineer our top-to-end coating processes to improve cost and material yields. The use of recycled materials continues to increase and provide both marketing and cost benefits. And additionally, we've reduced our environmental footprint by lowering our water consumption, which improves cost and protects our resources.  We continued to align our manufacturing assets with market conditions and changing consumer preferences. In October, we announced the closing of a yarn plant due to lower demand for spun products. New sales training and processes are being implemented to identify opportunities, manage market changes and enhance the performance of our sales team.  In October, we celebrated the 10th anniversary of our specified procure program. We support the Susan G. Komen for the Cure foundation in promoting breast cancer research. We're expanding that support with a new residential thread produced in Komen's signature pink color.  Dal-Tile sales grew 11% in the period, with both residential and commercial categories showing gains as mix continues to decline. In a comparative 2010 period, business was lower than expected due to flooding in our Mexican facility from Hurricane Alex. Without this disruption, this year's estimated sales growth rate in the period would be in the 5% to 7% range.  Renovation projects are the primary driver of our commercial growth, with hospitality, healthcare and government sectors leading our sales.  During the quarter, we increased sales on all channels, with particular strength in Home Centers, due to additional commitments for our innovative mosaics, wall tile and porcelain tile. Our low cost position, created merchandising and exceptional design are contributing to this higher sales growth.  Our American OEM brand is broadening its penetration in both residential and commercial sales through independent distribution as an alternative to offshore suppliers. Our new merchandising program, we call it Statements by Dal-Tile, is improving our retailer's ability to communicate product design options, coupled with professional marketing, advertising and promotional support.  Our mark in Dal-Tile sales forces are leveraging, the flooring industry's most comprehensive commercial product portfolio to offer solutions for projects in all channels and budgets.  Dal-Tile sales in Mexico grew significantly on a local basis, as we increased our penetration of the Mexican ceramic market. The Mexican economy is anticipated to grow 4% this year, with flooring expanding at a higher rate. We've added new wholesale and retail customers, while broadening our offerings and expanding our sales force. Our select products were offering proprietary anti-microbial protection, which minimizes the growth of mold and germs on ceramic tile.  Our Santa Monica plant near Mexico City is progressing on schedule for its startup in mid-2012. The plant will produce red body tile that addresses the core of the Mexican market and will complete our product offering and satisfy all price points.  In China, our ceramic JV is enhancing our brand position with an expanded product line, greater styling and advanced surface technologies. We're launching an innovative showroom concept for retailers with unique merchandising and marketing materials to improve the sales process. We're expanding the use of our Reveal design technology across all our floor and wall tiles, mosaics and decorative accents. We continue to innovate new manufacturing techniques to minimize process variation, improve efficiencies, speed up product changes, reduce locked sizes and minimize energy consumption.  We've lowered raw material cost by utilizing sources located closer to our plants and re-engineering our body formulas with alternative materials. We've expanded the production of glaze manufacturing to reduce cost.  Freight costs are being reduced with higher truck utilization rates at more cost-effective transportation methods, as well as more direct shipments to our customers.  Our Unilin sales grew 19% as reported, or 11% on a constant exchange rate. Sales in Europe increased across most channels and regions, and our price increases are catching up with the raw material inflation we have experienced.  We are implementing additional price increases for roof panels and insulation boards to offset further material inflation in those products.  The third period includes summer shutdowns in Europe related to European vacation schedules.  During the quarter, Unilin acquired the largest distributor of laminate and wood products in Australia. The acquisition followed the successful partnership with Premium Floors which is the only distributor to cover the entire continent with 5 regional distribution points. This acquisition expands our strategy to get closer to our customers and be more responsive to local markets.  Unilin's marketing and operational expertise will enhance Premium's leading market position and strengthen its penetration across the continent.  Despite the challenging market conditions, our European flooring products grew by capitalizing on the strength of our Quick-Step brand, growing our participation in the DIY channel and expanding our wood flooring category.  We completed our Russian laminate flooring plant on schedule and are presently initiating production. We are expanding our customer base in Russia by adding new distribution partners and innovative products to the local market.  In the U.S., sales of our laminate flooring grew through expanded programs in all channels. We've received additional commitments for our products, expanding our Home Center participation.  We're introducing a new decor wood collection with high definition that reproduces the natural beauty of exotic woods on ultra-long planks, creating luxury hardwood visuals at affordable price.  Using our proprietary technology, our wood flooring is positioned as a leader in high fashion-distressed visuals.  A successful Facebook campaign called Rumor-Fresh has increased the brand awareness and positioned us as a fashionable, affordable solution for flooring makeovers.  In Europe, sales of our insulation boards grew significantly and improved our market position. Our new Didit click furniture line is being tested in the U.K. and will be introduced in other geographic markets towards our long-term strategy. In the fourth quarter, we will increase our capacity and reduce cost with the consolidation of our Malaysian wood plant and beginning the expansion of our insulation board plant.  Process changes in the U.S. wood plant continue to improve in efficiencies and yields. We've enhanced our board manufacturing processes to improve material usage and reduce energy consumption. We restructured the sales of our European roofing boards and insulation products to provide more comprehensive solutions and improve customer support.  Mohawk's strategy is to maximize our long-term results with our international expansion in Mexico, Russia, China and Australia, with new technologies to increase value. Innovative product categories like Didit click furniture and process enhancements to lower our cost position across the entire enterprise. We remain confident in the future of our business and continue to adjust our tactics as economic conditions change.  The European debt crisis, high unemployment, low consumer confidence have created short-term uncertainty in the economy. Year-over-year comparison should remain easier in the fourth quarter, but we anticipate sequentially softer demand, along with normal seasonal trends. In the fourth quarter, we will be impacted by higher third quarter raw material cost. However, we are seeing some moderation, which will benefit next year. We will consider further price increases as appropriate and implement additional cost reductions to improve the business. With these factors, our fourth quarter guidance for earnings is $0.67 to $0.76 per share excluding any restructuring costs.  Our strategy in this environment focuses on lowering our cost infrastructure, creating innovative products, maintaining a strong balance sheet and targeting new investments for future growth.  Although the macro outlook is somewhat uncertain, we believe our results for next year will reflect continued improvement. Next year, we'll be positively affected by the full impact of our 2011 price increases, productivity improvements and cost savings from capital investments. The industry will cover with time -- over time and with pent-up demand improving volume and leveraging our initiatives.  With that, we'll be glad to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research Company.
Tom Mahoney : This is actually Tom Mahoney calling in for Eric today. I wanted to ask about the demand trends through the quarter and what you guys saw, I guess, in October and early read on November that makes a little more conservative on the fourth quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that we saw a little bit of softening as we went through the quarter, but I mean it started out softer than we expected a little bit due to all the impact of the government settling, what they were doing has impact on consumer confidence. The consumer confidence still remains low, so we're just a little cautious as we look forward.
Tom Mahoney : And then the follow-up on raw materials. I think last quarter, you guys, you were thinking 3Q would be favorable versus the second quarter and you relayed that pressure in the third quarter. When did you guys see or what is the timing of the moderation that you guys have seen? And is there any change in how that flows through, maybe with lower demand in the market, the timing of the 60 or 90-day lag when that first do the cost?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We came out of the second quarter and we have made certain assumptions about our raw materials wood for our pricing. And as we went through the third quarter, the raw materials were not coming down as we had anticipated. As we went into the fourth quarter, we have seen some moderation. However, oil and chemical prices are really volatile and we'd have to continue monitoring it as we go forward. Given that goal, we would expect some positive impacts on our cost in the first quarter.
Frank H. Boykin: And just to answer the question regarding the FIFO timing, inventory turns about once a quarter so that -- it takes about 3 months to get the raw material cost into the P&L.
Tom Mahoney : And so you guys saw that input cost moderate late in the third quarter or early during in the fourth quarter is when that moderation happened?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Most of our prices are bought at market and they move all the time. As you see, oil prices going up and down weekly, we don't actually see it that minute, but it goes up and down. The oil -- the chemical prices are much more volatile than the oil prices as they're being influenced by worldwide supply and demand. And so we're reading them every day and it's just we keep monitoring to try to see how are they going to fit.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joshua Pollard with Goldman Sachs.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I really want to understand how all of the productivity improvements that you guys are talking about, and there's a significantly long list of them and I think you guys are doing the right things. How those impact the financials as we look out to 2012? Is there anyway you can begin to put a $1 figure or range of dollar figures on how those should support your earnings as you look at 2012 and beyond?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We do have a long list of changes that we do. We have a good system for -- in our planning for setting up what the changes are and are holding each group accountable for executing against them on a quarterly basis driven down through the entire organization. The questions really are, and as you go through with those things, what happens to the product mix and what happens to pricing offsetting or helping those conditions. And what we have this year was a large part of the changes have been absorbed in the different mix changes and product changes we go through, but they have impacted our results. We haven't gotten the full impact of what we've already done and we'll see more of them in the future. Up to this point, we haven't given a specific number for the pieces, though.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Is giving a number something that -- or at least on a productivity side, AKA -- also known as the things that you guys can control, is that something that you guys look to do in the future or is that something that will sort of have this stand by and wait for commodities go the right direction to see those benefits?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean, this year, I mean, we estimate approaching $100 million worth of various benefits, though all the changes have actually been achieved during the year, or will be achieved through the year.
Frank H. Boykin: That's an annual number, Josh.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Baugh with Stifel, Nicolaus.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I was curious if you had any thoughts about '12 CapEx plans and update us where '11 come in as well? And then you're the only sector that seems to be showing signs of life is multifamily construction and I was curious how you're positioned vis--vis your competitors in that end market?
Frank H. Boykin: I'll take the CapEx question. We have said $280 million for the year. I think the spend is going to be closer to $260 million and then that other $20 million will probably falls over in the next year, John. We haven't finalized our budget for next year so we're not ready to give a number for 2012 yet. But it could be
Jeff Lorberbaum: It will be in the same range.
Frank H. Boykin: We're still working at it, though.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Multi-family?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Multi-family. We participate in the multifamily. The multifamily business is a much more lower-end product. It typically has a low -- it typically use very inexpensive products and turn them over. We have increased our participation in that over the last year or 2. We've put positioning our SmartStrand products in it and addition to the other products. I think that there's probably ourselves and Shaw [ph] have a large share of it. We would -- Shaw [ph] would have a larger share than we do, though.
John A. Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then as a follow-up, you didn't brag about it, so I'll brag for you. You seem to gain market share within the quarter within carpet and rug. Was that primarily the positioning with Home Center channels or were there other areas where you saw a lot of strength as well?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think it was across all the different pieces over the last year. We had put it in place a lot of things to improve our business. We had talked earlier in the year about not fully participating in the polyester participation as we put more capacity in, we've been able to participate there, as well as broadening our SmartStrand products, which are differentiated in those categories. We've improved our carpet tile offering. And across all the segments, we've enhanced our sales team and execution of our strategy.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Stephen Kim with Barclays Capital.
Stephen Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wanted to follow up on a couple of questions, if you don't mind. You had mentioned the $100 million in savings you expect this year as a result of some units in the many initiatives you take. And I was wondering if you could put that in some context for us? I know, you're avoiding maybe specific numbers, but is that number significantly greater or less than what you benefited from last year and do you have a view of where that number may go next year? I mean, do you expect savings to be greater than that next year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't remember the last year number so I don't have the reference points for you. The changes are across all the different categories and segments. I would expect next year probably not to be as much as we've made a lot of positive changes this year. Some of it also applies to benefits putting in new equipment and the productivities achieved from those, as well as redesigning our product strategies and re-engineering products across all the different businesses to create process improvement. So I mean, next year I would assume it's going to be less than this year. I don't have the number to give you.
Stephen Kim - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That's fine. And then I wanted to follow up, with respect to market share gains, it appeared you gained share in the laminate business. I was curious if you could just comment broadly about what your strategy is in the U.S., what are some of the gains you've seen or sort of due to short-term tactics or if you think there's some fundamental shift that is -- that were seen taking place in your laminate business. And, if you could also then extend that abroad, because obviously, you're expanding the laminate pretty aggressively into Russia and Australia? If you could talk about maybe the different dynamics that may exist in those markets for laminate versus U.S.?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We've been discussing for quite some time. The laminate business in the U.S., there's a large part of it in the Home Center channels. And if you go back primarily, we were focused on the specialty channels. We still are but we have gotten additional commitments in the Home Center channel to expand our participation of markets here. Again, pushing our strengths, which is our style and design and differentiated fabric products in the business. And so we're doing that. The European business is a little different. We're positioned different in the European business with a little higher-end position. We have a more recognized consumer brand in that marketplace. But again, we're focused on in that marketplace the medium to high end of the marketplace. We have started in that marketplace also selling into they call it DIY channels in each country as a step-up product in those and we're achieving some successes with those. We started broadening our business in some ways to other places like Russia. We started a few years ago. We thought that we would only be able to have a small niche position within Russia if we didn't build a plant in Russia, so the plant is actually up and operating as we speak. We'll go through probably about $5 million worth of start-up cost this year in starting it up. The plant will be running about half capacity probably by sometime the first of next year. It will take a few years to increase our business there. We've been developing business in Australia. We're supporting it with wood out of Malaysia, as well as laminate out of Europe. We think that this gives us an opportunity to have even a larger share of that marketplace. We think we've gotten the best distributor that's down there that really has huge share of the laminate wood business. We think in Australia, due to the size of the continent, that having offshore production may be advantageous where in some countries, that's disadvantageous because the cost of moving it from a central point in Australia and around the continent. So we think we're well-positioned there. Over a long time, we'll have to consider if we broaden it to other product categories or not. But we're happy with our positions.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question on carpet mix. Certainly, it continues to be an issue, I think, in a negative margin impact. I was hoping to get some clarity around if you could give us a rough idea of the negative, on a basis point, is it 100, 200 basis points, year-over-year, incremental negative impact from the lower mix in carpet? And have you seen that mix -- certainly, I think you've seen it continue to go down on a year-over-year basis, but has it stabilized to any degree on a sequential basis?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have 2 things going on in the carpet business. One is the consumer trading down. The second, and related to not only consumer, retailers using price as a motivation to try to create value to the customer, so that's compressing prices. You have, in addition to that, you have a huge change in the industry where we're moving from nylon to lower cost polyester so the industry is growing in order to help maintain price points, which the industry is trying to do and the improvement in polyester product categories were also trailing down so that the industry is moving to lower cost polyester replacing the nylon products at the same time. And then while the earlier call, like the multifamily is growing faster than the other one as well as you have a change in the channels. The Home Center seemed to be doing a little better, more focused on price value at the moment, which also compresses the mix. And we have all those things going on at the same time. I don't have a number to give you, though.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well, yes, I mean, that's really what I'm trying to get to. It's not just perhaps what the year-over-year change was and, Frank, I don't know if you have any thoughts around this, in terms of the basis point impact on a year-over-year basis. But the other part of the question, on a sequential basis, have you seen that mix stabilize or does it continue to go down every quarter? I know you've talked about mix worse on a year-over-year basis but do you see any -- what are the trends on a sequential basis, quarter-to-quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's really hard to read on a very short time frame. We know that last year, compared to this year, it's all going down quarter-to-quarter. I mean, there's a lot of movement. It's really hard to read.
Frank H. Boykin: And Mike, to your other question to me, it's almost impossible to separate price and mix with the number of customers and products and that type of thing. So that's why we presented it in that number.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, just one more. The tax rate benefit, I guess, continues to be lower than expected. How should we start to think about 2012? I mean, obviously there's a mix of U.S. versus international, but I think you mentioned there was a benefit that's driving the mid-single digit in 4Q. How should we think about 2012?
Frank H. Boykin: High teens to maybe 20%. We're still trying to finalize it, but probably somewhere in that range right now. It's our best guess.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions and most of my questions have been asked and answered. Regarding specifically the Mohawk segment, again, everybody's I think, really happy to see the share gains there and they are really impressive. Related to the mix within the Mohawk segment, could you rank for me the carpet versus rugs versus hard surfaces? What -- where you saw the most growth in that segment?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The carpet is so much larger than the rest of it. It overwhelms everything so it doesn't really -- you can forget the rest.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So the plus 6 -- the carpet constituted the majority of the plus 6?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Correct.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then second thing, on the residential side. You mentioned that you were up in residential. Is that units and dollars or just dollars?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dan Oppenheim with Crdit Suisse.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering just a quick question here, talk about CapEx plans for next year. Will the Russians still be coming online and such? How do you think about the CapEx internationally?  Any part that you're looking at, any part of the world where you focus in terms of new capacity right now?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We continue to look around the world. The focus would be on high-growth marketplaces, which are easy to spot. That would be China, Australia, Brazil, Mexico. Mexico sort of separating off, also from the U.S. economy doing better. So those would be primary, but we continue to look around for opportunities, as well as in the present markets we're in. We assume that over the next year or so, there will be businesses for sale that could create opportunities to tie-on additions to both our U.S. and European businesses as well.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: You're making tremendous progress here, in terms of expanding your distribution. And you talk about DIY growth in Europe, you talk about specialty retail growth in the United States. I just wanted to tie that back into the observation about volume growth. If you were to exclude kind of the new store sales, what are the same-store sales look like? In other words, does the core volume that would be comparable with what you're doing a year ago is it still up?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't have the numbers in front of me. What happens is in the specialty store part, given the huge decrease in the industry volume since the decline, there's probably 15% to 20% less units in the industry. At the same time, the Home Center channel has increased its share and that's about as good as I can give you at this city.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: I guess you've got some forward perspective on the extent to which you can continue to grow your distribution -- new distribution volume here. Does this continue on for another quarter or 2, or is it sustainable through 2012?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean, a lot of it has got to do with the entire marketplace and what's going on. The outlook for next year is uncertain. We believe that we're going to still be able to improve our results next year even with that. I mean, that's really hard to read. The consumer with a consumer confidence is down to almost historical low. I mean, it's really difficult at the same time, commercial business is still tended to be good. The question is will businesses continue spending at those levels. We have very limited forward views of purchasing. So I mean, your guess is always as good as mine for the overall pieces.
Frank H. Boykin: But it would be hard to sustain this growth rate we had in this quarter, I think, for a period of time.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, and then a related question. Just you mentioned in passing, and you mentioned it quickly, so I think it's all but you were engaged in expanding your carpet tile capacity and you referenced Phase 1 of I think a 35% capacity increase. Wonder if I could just get you to go back and just talk a little bit -- recap for us what Phase 1 entails and what -- is there Phase 2 and 3, and just maybe talk a little bit about where you're going with that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Our carpet tile business has continued to increase. Carpet tiles becoming a larger part of the marketplace. As our business has increased, we continue to improve our -- to increase our capacity to support it. We actually have 2 phases going on. The first one has been completed already. The second one will be completed before the first of the year, or close to it. The combination of those will 2 give us an additional 35% production capacity, which will support growth for the near-term future of carpet tile, which we expect to keep going.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: And can you give us a revenue number for that incremental capacity what it might represent?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't have it with me.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: How should we think about that in terms of commercial potential?
Jeff Lorberbaum: What you see over the period of time is there's 2 parts: one, there is a change like commercial carpet tile is replacing broadloom tile. And as it gets more cost effective to manufacture, as the styling increases since it's used in broader price points. It's being used in more jobs and impacting the broadloom piece in the past. We've got our broadloom business has started growing also at this point, but we see ongoing that there will be this continued shift in broadloom tile. Then the question really becomes how much can a commercial tile business continue to grow as an industry and we continue to try to get a larger share of it.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Could you target most of that incremental capacity to the hospitality segment where you've always been so strong?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Actually, the hospitality gives us a small portion of it.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So these are new end markets that you'd be pursuing with that capacity?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Its all in the other markets.
Frank H. Boykin: Corporate and all the other markets.
Jeff Lorberbaum: All the other markets used much more of it than hospitality.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill: So in just taking the comments you made about fourth quarter seasonality and revenue and then the mid single-digit tax rate. It kind of implies margin being down to 150 basis points or so, year-over-year. Just want to make sure that's kind of how you guys are thinking about the midpoint of the range? And if that's the case, generally, just directionally how you'd think about the different segments within that context?
Frank H. Boykin: We were not prepared to give out a margin estimate for the quarter. But I think as we go into the fourth quarter, one of the points we were trying to make was that we're going to have some raw material pressures, particularly in the carpet segment and so that will impact the margins in the fourth quarter. And then we'll have the normal seasonal slowing as we go into the fourth quarter that will impact both our top line and our margins.
Dennis McGill: Is all of the raw material pressure largely in the Mohawk segment? Or are you still feeling that in the Unilin segment? The incremental pressure I guess?
Jeff Lorberbaum: There is some in the Unilin segment, but it's not as dramatic.
Dennis McGill: Okay. Second question will just be around with the capacity coming out of Russia. Can you just talk about how you're currently servicing the customers that will be benefiting from that capacity addition, what that means internally from cost savings, anything that would be beneficial to the segment above and beyond the revenue benefits?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It should be both -- we're now paying import duty taxes coming in. We're shipping products from Europe into there. There should be a benefit in cost. On the other hand, you're not going to start to plan up running fully efficient to begin with. So those will have to flow through as we get the plant over time. We would expect it to improve the margins of the products we're selling into it, once the cost get on line.
Dennis McGill: And the capacity, that gets freed up in Europe and you've already got initiatives in place to absorb that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We are doing things to increase the sales base within Europe as we mentioned, selling to new channels and new products and categories within it. There will be some decrease in that. We have been preparing that for some time to be able to have our cost more flexible to keep them in line as we move the capacity.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Goldberg with UBS.
David Goldberg - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I appreciate all the color you guys have given about the Home Centers and the increase in your sales into the Home Centers. What I'm trying to figure out is can you give us some idea about margin in the Home Centers especially because it seems like that trend is going to continue for the near term? How much of a difference is there when you sell through the Home Centers versus your other channels? What's the possibility difference, the margin difference?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Historically, the margin difference was really dependent upon the average mix of the -- what you sell to customers. So what happens is, in the specialty channel, the specialty retailers are more proficient at providing different options to the consumer and helping them pick better quality products within it. So the margin differences, a lot of it comes from the mix differences between the channels.
David Goldberg - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So does that mean if you had better trained or you had sales people in the Home Centers that could do a better job and kind of either up-selling customers are helping them choose better options that the margin difference wouldn't be that significant? There's no inherent reason it would be?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let me -- the different cost structures and a lot of different pieces and as you go through -- I'm not prepared to give you margins of different customers in this minute.
David Goldberg - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I understand. My second question is just on the cost savings you guys have been able to achieve. Just wondering as you look forward and eventually if the market does start to improve and demand starts to get better, about the sustainability of the cost improvement as you look forward?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The cost improvements, they were putting we're really changing the way we operate the business. We've put in a lot more disciplines in the business. We put in a lot more processes to create innovation through and challenge the status quo which I'm excited about. They're continuing, and I think they'll continue forever. As that the management has improved its ability to define and execute these things ongoing.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked. But just back to Unilin real quick. Obviously, a lot of controversy in Europe. Have you seen any source [ph] in September, even in to October, any sort of change in the order pattern in the country that are most prevalent in?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Not really. The market -- when we look over the market, the consumer seems to be a little separated from the banking system and the other may be reading about it or not. We haven't seen a dramatic change in most have said that. There is -- the same thing you have here, and it's hard to separate, over a period of years we've seen trading down, just like we have here, as people tried to minimize costs from sales. But in general, we don't see that major change in the purchasing habits. Typically in Europe, they don't use credit as much as we do. Typically save more before they spend it and so there's potential for having a significant change as this thing gets worst. But at this point, we haven't seen the consumers really dramatically changed.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And would you say the same thing in the United States as you move September through October in residential shipments? In terms of shipments being more or less the same on what you saw in the third quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that we see -- it was -- the third quarter was a little softer than we have expected. But I mean, at what point expected? We came into the second half. We were expecting the second half to improve. And given the low consumer confidence level, we didn't see the improvement. There is some softening going on and we built it into our estimates.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bob Wetenhall with RBC Capital Markets.
Tom Austin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is actually Tom Austin on for Bob Wetenhall. I just wanted to follow up a little bit on your conversation about Unilin and your strategy to move into the DIY channel a little bit more. I'm just wondering what you guys think the impact on margins will be long term from that? And maybe it's so small that it's not going to have a material effect, but I would assume that will put a little pressure on the Unilin margins. Do you have any kind of any color on that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's just make sure that we get a little bit deeper into the strategy. The strategy in Europe is to position our participation of the DIY as a step-up premium product to what they typically sell and be the higher end of their category. We are aligning with that limited number of DIY accounts in each market place, trying to position that they can improve their sales margin by selling better quality products. So we're not trying to become the commodity supplier to the DIY marketplace. On the other hand, the products that -- their average products just like we discussed in the U.S. market, especially retailer, is going to sell at a higher mix of better quality products in the DIY.
Tom Austin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, got it. So based on the fact that you're trying to be that specialty provider, you think you'd be able to maintain the margins that you historically had there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Or close to it.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Carly Mattson with Goldman Sachs.
Mike Adler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is actually Mike Alder on behalf of Carly. I just want to ask you about your kind of cash generation and cash flow expectations for 4Q and into the 2012, usually from your standpoint. I know you guys said you bought about $64 million of that 2012 maturity, but you're still planning paying about half of that with cash by the time it comes due?
Frank H. Boykin: The 2012 maturity, I think, we're probably going to, as I mentioned earlier in the call, we bought back about $65 million and rolled that into the revolver. And I think that the majority of what's left will pay a little bit with cash but most of that will be rolled into our revolver.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steven East with Ticonderoga Securities.
Stephen F. East - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: On the Australia business. One, how big is that? And does it make sense for you all to eventually put some type of manufacturing presence there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's presently about $50 million in sales. We're presently servicing it from Malaysia and Belgium. We believe at the moment that continuing to supply it from offshore makes sense, but we'll have to see as we go along. We believe that, given the size of the country and the cost of moving it within the country that for instance, shipping it from Malaysia, where there's low-cost labor has been advantageous, and we'll have to see if there's other opportunities as we go along.
Stephen F. East - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then if you look at your 3 major raw materials, nylon, polyester, polypropylene in the carpet side of the business. How much are they generally year-over-year, and how much have you recaptured through pricing? In other words, how much more do you have to go to catch up with what's going on?
Frank H. Boykin: Let's see. The -- listen, we don't even know what the cost is going to be at this month yet. What happened is the volatility we have to deal with is really difficult to estimate. And most of the products we're buying either at market or on-contract plus cost somewhere. You have oil prices that move up and down on the last month, say, 10% to 15%. You have commodity chemicals within each of those that come through. It's easy to have 20% to 40% movements given the international movements of things and how things are moving across the borders on supply and demand. So we sit back at any given point in trying to try and estimate what we have and react to the changes. It's -- we don't know what we're going to do at the end of this quarter yet. If you could tell me what the oil prices will be next year, it would help me.
Stephen F. East - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: Yes, I wish I could. If we just talked about magnitudes, or I mean, are you -- would you ballpark it, say, hey, I'm 50% recovered, 2 quarters, 2/3, 3 quarters. Where do you think you all are at least in big-picture-type numbers?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I can tell you that the increase that we consider putting through earlier was in the 3% to 5% range.
Stephen F. East - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay, I get you. And then just one last question, if you look at just your incremental margin per dollar of sales for each unit, where are we now? You talked about taking 100 -- it's framed in the question, you talked about taking $100 million out in productivity cost, et cetera. So I'm just trying to understand what type of operating leverage you have for each dollar of new sales that come in the door?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, I think, we're at for each of the 3 segments, we are at about 15% incremental margin for Mohawk; 20% incremental margin for Dal-Tile; and 25% for Unilin. The operating earnings level.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Manger with AMI investment Management.
David J. Manger - AMI Investment Management, Inc.: I was wondering what percentage of Unilin's operating profit come from royalty payments? And as a follow up to that, do you have an idea of the impact Uniclic's patent expiration 2017 would have on your estimate for a normalized operating margins of 15%?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The only information we've given out is that when we originally purchased it, it was in the range of around $50 million. And we haven't given out specific information in addition to that since then.
David J. Manger - AMI Investment Management, Inc.: Okay. And then do you have a gauge of how much the patent expiration would maybe change your estimate of normalized margins and kind of a normalized environment then?
Jeff Lorberbaum: What the volume going to do between what's the all the different pieces that we have an investment and there's a lot of things are going here and there that will impact the business.
David J. Manger - AMI Investment Management, Inc.: Okay. I guess just in a normalized environment, if we were at $1.2 million to $1.5 million housing starts, how would that would change that normalized figure?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't think I'm going to be able to answer your question.
Frank H. Boykin: We don't have that information for you right now.
Operator: Your final question is from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Just on the Mohawk segment. Could you give the growth rate by the different end market, residential versus your non-res or commercial? And then also breaking at a little bit further, could you clarify how much of your sales in that segment were driven by volume versus pricing?
Frank H. Boykin: Right, I can, real quick, just give you the volume versus price mix. It's not going to be a price by itself, Kathryn.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Understood.
Frank H. Boykin: Volume impacted us by about 2% and, say, 2.5%. Price mix impacted us by about 3%.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: And in terms of looking at that your residential versus commercial. And really keep in mind on as modular this could be a bigger portion of your business that is with the commercial. It's really just trying to get a sense of have you seen any change in momentum and what is the sales momentum of your commercial side of the business in the Mohawk segment? Is that is the number that you have generally, you have provided in the past. I was just getting an understanding, I know residential is a little slower but...
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, what we said earlier was that both the residential and the commercial businesses were up in the Mohawk segment and the commercial business is up at a higher rate than the residential business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Substantially higher than the residential.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Is it still up in the low teens?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes.
Kathryn I. Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Yes. Okay. And as far as -- I know we've talked a little bit about multifamily. I get the impression that it's not as big of a business, obviously, for you. Have you -- are you able to provide how much of your sales, the Mohawk division, are to multifamily?
Frank H. Boykin: I don't have that. I don't have that answer for you.
Operator: At this time, you have no further questions. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff Lorberbaum for closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining us today. We think we're well positioned for the future. We continue to invest in our business and continue to improve our processes and controls, and we appreciate you joining us. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank Boykin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance Jeff Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Stephen East - Ticonderoga Securities LLC Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC. Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co Kenneth Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC David S. MacGregor Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Antoneil, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded, today, August 5, 2011. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Jeff Lorberbaum, CEO and Chairman. Mr. Lorberbaum, you may begin your conference.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning, and thank you for joining our second quarter 2011 conference call. With me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who'll review our Safe Harbor statement and later, the financial results.
Frank Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Frank. Our second quarter earnings per share were $0.88 as reported or $0.95 excluding restructuring charges, an increase of 23% over adjusted 2010. Sales reported during the period exceeded last year by approximately 6% or 3% on a local basis, with all segments growing and Unilin reporting the largest increase.  Our adjusted operating margin improved to 7.3%, an increase of 50 basis points over last year as a result of continued cost reductions, selling price increases and productivity gains throughout the enterprise. Our cash position at the end of the quarter was $285 million and our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio was 2.1x. And a 5-year lower-cost bank facility was executed in July to support future growth and investments.  U.S. economic growth was lower than expected in the second quarter and most of the comments are predicting slower growth than anticipated in the second half. The U.S. Housing industry continues at a slow pace, though recent reports indicate the supply of new homes is coming into line with historic averages.  Residential remodeling has not rebounded as consumer confidence remains challenged due to high unemployment rates, reduced home values and high energy and food prices.  Multi-family occupancy rates are improving, resulting in additional investments in remodeling and new construction. Commercial construction remains low, but commercial channels are increasing remodeling to attract more customers and improve business performance.  Frank, could you give the financial report, please?
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Net sales were $1,478,000,000 or 6% over last year. All segments were up year-over-year, with the biggest gain in Unilin even after considering the impact of foreign exchange. In the U.S., residential remains weak with commercial continuing to grow. Our gross margin was 25.9%, down from last year's 26.8%. Price increases and productivity improvements partially offset raw material inflation and product and channel mix. SG&A was $281 million or 19% of net sales. SG&A continues to be a good story, as we improved 140 basis points from last year. We declined in dollars $10 million from last year's after looking at SG&A from a constant exchange rate basis.  We continue to focus on cost reductions and efficiencies. We had restructuring charges in the quarter of $7 million, all of which were included in the Mohawk segment, $6 million of the restructuring charges were included in cost of goods sold, with the balance in SG&A. Our operating margin was 7.3%, 50 basis points better than last year's 6.8%.  Interest expense was $26 million compared to $39 million last year. Last year included $8 million for a bond tender premium. In addition, we were favorably impacted this year by lower interest rates. The income tax rate, excluding charges, was 19% in 2011 and that compares to 14% last year. We expect our rate to be in the mid-to-high teens for the balance of this year. Earnings per share, excluding charges, were $0.95, up 23% from last year, good results in a weak environment.  We move to the segments. With the Mohawk segment, sales were $758 million, about 1% higher than last year. We had strong commercial performance. Also, we had one price increase that was fully implemented during the quarter, and then a second price increase that was partially implemented. Operating income, excluding charges, was $38 million or 5% of net sales. That compares to 4.2% last year, an 80-basis-point improvement with price increases and cost reductions offsetting inflation. In the Dal-Tile segment, sales were $379 million, a 4% increase over last year. We had good performance across all of the business in Dal-Tile. Operating income was $32 million or 8.5% of net sales. It improved 80 basis points over last year.  As we look forward to the third quarter this year for the Dal-Tile segment, I want to remind everyone that last year, we settled the insurance claim to cover lost sales and profits from a flood that shut down our Mexican plant for about two months. The insurance covered all the $5 million of lost profits. Our operating margin last year would have been in the high single-digit range had the flood not occurred.  Moving to the Unilin segment. Sales were $363 million or an 18% improvement as reported. Sales were up 7% on a constant exchange rate basis, with most product categories growing. Operating income was $46 million or 12.8% of net sales. That compares to 13.7% last year. Foreign exchange favorably impacted our results by $5 million in operating income. We were impacted both by raw material inflation and de-mixing in this segment.  In our Corporate and Eliminations segment. Our operating income charge was $8 million, and we estimate for the full year that amount will be in the range of $20 million to $25 million which is in line with past years.  Going to the balance sheet, cash ended the quarter at $285 million, down from last year, as we used a portion of it to pay down the bonds that were due in January of 2011. Receivables were $798 million, continue to be in good shape, with our DSOs at 45.7 days, an improvement from last year.  Inventories were $1.1 billion, up about $95 million from the fourth quarter. Inflation and foreign exchange account for much of this increase. Inventory days improved from the end of the fourth quarter, and we expect continued improvement in days through the end of the year.  Our long-term debt ended up $1.608 billion which compares to $1.654 billion, with the decrease in debt coming from free cash flow that we used to pay it down. We put in place a new 5-year $900 million bank facility in July. This provides much better pricing and improved terms, with interest at LIBOR plus 150 and an unused fee at 30 basis points. This provides additional liquidity and flexibility for future growth. We anticipate annual interest running about $100 million under this new facility.  Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. We experienced normal seasonal improvement in our second quarter, with the U.S. Residential business remaining soft and the Commercial business continuing to grow. All of our segments reported year-over-year sales growth and our adjusted operating margin was the highest since 2008 at 7.3%. We're driving process improvements and cost reductions throughout the business in all manufacturing, selling and administrative areas.  Our Mohawk sales grew about 1%, with improving Commercial business offsetting soft Residential sales. Adjusted operating margins were 80 basis points higher than last year as a result of reductions in SG&A cost, the impact of price increases and improvements in manufacturing productivity. We're performing in line with the industry, with growth in commercial remodeling and lower residential activity.  Our customers are trading down to lower-value products to minimize the impact of inflation. The realignment of our Residential brands under our common geographic manager was completed during the second quarter. Our high-end residential products began to show some improvement, reflecting growing brand penetration and increased remodeling among affluent customers.  In the multi-family channel, we introduced TriStar which is made of Triexta and provides the best flooring alternative for apartments due to its high durability and stain resistance. Additionally, the launch of our Wear-Dated Revive brand with recycled content has established a premium category of polyester carpets.  We grew sales in the Home Center channel, with improved position and higher special order activity. In the third quarter, we will complete the launch of a comprehensive SmartStrand collection at Lowe's.  Expansion of our commercial sales force increased our penetration, and we're adding more sales representatives to maximize the category in the third quarter. Our Commercial business posted sales gains, in both the tile and broadloom product categories. Our tile capacity was expanded during the period and further investments were made to support the continued tile growth in the second half.  At the annual commercial trade show, we introduced the first commercial products made of SmartStrand and our Lees collection and were awarded the best of show for combining high fashion and performance with environmentally sustainable materials. We also reengineered some of our premium commercial products with our best styling and durability to provide improved value and more competitive price points. These changes have increased specifications of our products by major national accounts by providing solutions that set us apart. The carpet price increase announced in February was fully implemented in the period. The second increase initiated in April will be completed during the third quarter. We continue to review our carpet-selling prices as required by our raw material changes, which remain volatile, following oil prices and international demand for commodity.  Our South Carolina expansion of extrusion was completed on time and is operating at expected level. In North Georgia, a smaller expansion will be installed by year-end. Additional investments in yarn processing are being made to support the growth of filament products and to reduce our conversion costs. Due to the value added and performance features, our SmartStrand Triexta and polyester products are growing at the expense of traditional fiber options.  During the quarter, we announced the closure of a spinning mill to align our yarn manufacturing with today's preferences for filament products. We successfully shut down a commercial carpet facility announced in the first quarter and moved the production to alternative plants with lower cost without any interruption.  Operations group is improving efficiencies, reducing manufacturing costs and enhancing material yields through increased production speeds, innovative product engineering and utilization of alternative materials. The reengineering of our business and simplification of our processes has enabled us to reduce our personnel cost by an additional $10 million annually in the period. Much of the impact will flow through cost of goods sold, as our inventory turns.  Dal-Tile sales grew more than 4% this period, with Commercial sales growth exceeding Residential. Sales grew in all channels over the period as we outperformed the overall market due to the breadth of our product line and our superior service. In this period, higher product prices and fuel surcharges were implemented to recover rising transportation costs on products that are delivered to our customers. Our new product introductions are further distinguishing Dal-Tile with our Reveal Imaging technology providing enhanced visuals and new sizes we've added greater than 24 inches.  We introduced a new dealer program called Statements by Dal-Tile that provide the completely merchandise ceramic and stone shop with marketing, advertising and promotional assistance. A new installation warranty is being furnished to differentiate Dal-Tile with the consumers. Additional product placements are being realized with major retail groups, Home Centers, national commercial accounts and leading homebuilders.  Our American OEM brand is growing with the independent distributors by providing direct shipments to replace offshore suppliers, enhance commercial programs, new stone products and stylized porcelain tiles that satisfy the changing taste and budgets of consumers today.  Our business in Mexico is growing significantly as we broaden our product line and satisfy all price points in the market. We're adding more sales personnel in the market to maximize our distribution and we're providing higher level of service in our competition in the market. We've expanded our commercial product lines and sales staff to increase specifications of our project -- products on large projects.  Larger-sized tiles from our Chinese joint venture are differentiating our high-end offering. We're investing resources to drive volume and train manufacturing personnel for our new manufacturing plant near Mexico City. The plant will produce non-porcelain ceramic tile at lower cost and improve our margins after it becomes operational in mid-2012.  We've improved the productivity of our style plants with lean manufacturing processes, lower setup costs, increased production speeds and improved yields. Our Reveal Imaging technology is being expanded through our manufacturing operations. New trim production has been installed to make higher value products at lower costs. We're making additional investments to increase our wall tile and porcelain floor capacity to meet projected demand. New workforce management systems and increased truck utilization rates and new shipping channels are reducing our freight and distribution costs. In China, our ceramic JV is implementing new product plans, enhancing marketing and sales strategies and adding more talent to expand our business. The Chinese government efforts to control real estate inflation have had a short-term impact on demand, as well as commodity inflation has been a headwind. Price increases are being implemented to offset inflation. We're optimistic about the long-term growth of China supported by the government's commitment to add 10 million new homes.  Our Unilin revenues were up 18% as reported or 7% on a constant exchange rate. Sales of our European products were positive, with growth in our roofing systems and panels outperforming our flooring products and impacting the mix of our margins. In most of our European products, our price increases are beginning to catch up with the higher raw material cost. Consumers continue to select more value-priced laminate products at retail, impacting our sales mix.  Our European flooring is gaining share in a challenging market by increasing our position in the European DIY channel and growing our presence in the U.K., Russian and Australian markets.  Continuing our focus on innovative technology, we introduced Quick Step Elite, which has a multi-gloss finish and creates a more natural look; Quick Step Vogue, which has a highly textured antique character; and Quick Step Gold, which offers a value proposition for the budget-conscious consumer.  Our European wood business is expanding and the sales of our premium Quick Step wood products are improving our product mix. The consolidation of our Malaysian wood manufacturing operation is progressing, and additional capacity will be operational in the first quarter of next year.  We continue to invest in growing our Russian customer base to support our new plant under construction near Moscow. The plant is expected to initiate production at the end of the third quarter.  In the U.S., our flooring sales were impacted by low residential remodeling. We're growing our distribution in the Home Center channel and especially wood channels. Our new product introductions are being well-received, and we're using promotions to address lower price points.  In the U.S., we're introducing laminate with more realistic designs made on unique technology in our Belgian facility. Our wood plants have improved their productivity yields and flexibility.  In Europe, sales of our roofing systems and panels are up substantially, reflecting greater volume and increased prices to cover higher cost of wood and glue. Our wood panel margins have improved over last year, but our margins are still -- our margins still face pressure due to excess industry capacity. In the period, our installation board sales have more than doubled over the prior year, and we've become a significant participant in our region. We're planning another installation plant to expand our geographic reach and our capacity. We're also completing a small manufacturing operation to produce ready-to-assemble didit-click furniture to begin test-marketing the products in the market.  In all segments, we have increased the use of recycled materials in our products and reduced costs through more effective use of natural resources. During the period, Mohawk received the industry's most prestigious award for environmental leadership and was also ranked in the top 5 most sustainable businesses from more than 3,000 of the largest southeastern companies. We recently issued our second annual sustainability report online at www.mohawksustainability.com.  Our second quarter results were accomplished despite the weaker-than-expected economies, in both the U.S. and Europe. During this challenging economic period, we've made many improvements throughout our business, resulting in a leaner, more efficient organization. We're introducing innovative products and reengineering existing ones to improve our sales mix and margins. We're continuing to reduce our cost structure, increase our productivity and invest in new products and geographies. We are increasing prices as needed in response to raw material and energy inflation. We're well-positioned to leverage these changes into a more profitable business, as residential remodeling and economy improves.  With these factors, our third quarter guidance for earnings is $0.82 to $0.91 per share, excluding any restructuring cost. Our strong balance sheet, improved leverage and available liquidity will support our current strategic initiatives and facilitate future opportunities. We're committed to growing our business with new investments and strategic opportunity, including Mexican and Chinese ceramic, Russian laminate, European insulation boards and click ceramic tile and click furniture.  Mohawk's strategies reflect our evolution from a North American carpet business into a larger, more diverse total flooring company operating in a global market.  With that, I'll be glad to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ken Zener with KeyBanc.
Kenneth Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: I just have two questions. One on Unilin. Obviously, a lot of that growth was FX, but of that 7%, can you comment on how much of that was pricing, given the material cost inflation you're seeing?
Frank Boykin: It's probably around 2% plus. I'm sorry, I'm looking at the wrong line here. Probably around 4% plus.
Kenneth Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay. And then in, I guess, the other part in noncommercial, in the first quarter, you said that was growing 8%. I wonder if you could just kind of comment on that. And then given the recent April price increase which partially fell in 2Q and the rest will fall in 3Q. Do you expect that will be neutralizing your inflation by the fourth quarter, with margins still being up year-over-year in that business for your 1Q comments?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Just a minute, I'm not sure your reference to the earlier-quarter comments -- where it came from. I think your question is...
Frank Boykin: On the Commercial growth.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The Commercial in all the categories is growing significantly. It's growing -- I have to remind you that the Unilin segment is all the Residential business, almost all residential replacement and has none, so the Commercial business is all in the Mohawk and Dal-Tile segments in the U.S. business. Both of those have been having significant growth as commercial channels have begun more remodeling in the business, and we see it continuing at this point as people invest to continue improving their business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co: First, I was hoping just to drill down on Unilin for a moment. The growth has been a relative bright spot over the last several quarters. As we look into 2012, can you give us thoughts in terms of what type of growth is reasonable in 2012 vis--vis what you're doing in Europe and also continuing to build out the laminate footprint in the U.S.?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Okay. First, our anticipation what's going to happen in the economy is no better than yours. You have to guess what's going to happen. What we've had in the Laminate business in Europe, it's been under pressure. We think that we've been doing better than the marketplace by taking share in the different markets and expanding into different channels that we've been in. We are putting investments in Russia to put up a new plant there. The capacity we're putting in Russia is about $100 million worth of sales in Russia. It will take a while to utilize the full capacity. We've been investing money in the short-term, building up the sales that the plant has things to operate under. The roofing and panel businesses have been improving from a low point in volume. On the other hand, they still have pressure in the margins, but those have improved also. We think we'll see continued improvement in those areas from the low point they've been at the last couple of years as we go through.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And I guess just to fill out this question, if you can kind of also -- as you said, the macroeconomy is anyone's guess. But assuming some stability from here, I mean, can you kind of describe the laminate market overall? I mean, over the last 5 to 10 years, laminates have taken share from other flooring categories. Maybe you can kind of update us on how that's gone in the last couple of years. And at least from a relative share standpoint, what are you doing -- what is laminates doing as a category and is this something where you feel you can take share within laminates?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The laminate industry had -- prior to a number of years ago, was growing dramatically faster than the flooring market as a whole. Presently, it's growing relatively in line with the industry as a whole. At the same time, you have that the average price of the industry has gone down as an industry, so that reduction has impacted some of its participation in it. We think that they will continue to grow, our market, plus or minus a little bit, going forward. We think that we're going to improve our position by participating in the do-it-yourself channels in the Europe and U.S. much more so than we have in the past. We've made dramatic moves to participate on both sides of the water, and we think it will help us improve our positions in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh with Stifel, Nicolaus.
John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Jeff and Frank, I was wondering, staying on laminates for a second, if you could talk, it sounds like laminate volumes in Europe are down. I'm curious first, is that right? Secondly, are laminates performing in line in volume in the United States with, say, carpet, which I know was down residentially? And then you mentioned going after the Home Center channel or DIY more aggressively. That, with everything being equal, I'd think be a lower margin proposition, but perhaps, you're in a low-margin leverage with the increased volume where you'd actually see an increase?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Okay. I'm not sure I heard a question.
Frank Boykin: The question was the laminate growth in Europe.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Laminate in Europe. Europe used to be a major producer for the entire world, and huge amounts of the European capacity was exported around the world. In the last few years, there has been a buildup of capacity in various local geographies, so the opportunity to export has decreased dramatically. At the same time, that has created significant excess capacity in the European marketplace, which has pushed down the average price of product significantly, along with the reduction in the economy in general. From our business, we focus more in Europe on the mid-to-high end part of the marketplace, and so the pressures are much worse in the opening price points than they are in the differentiated products and where we have brands, so we're not as affected as much. On the other hand, with the marketplace being down, we've been able to increase our market share by offering differentiated products through the DIY channels, which we had very limited participation in prior to the last year or so. In the U.S., the same thing. Most of our business was through the specialty store channels. In the last year or so, we have moved into participating in both wood and laminate in the do-it-yourself, the wood channels, the Home Center channels, and we have made significant progress in those channels which are helping our business.
John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So I was trying to get a feel, Jeff, whether your unit volumes in laminate in Europe were a plus or minus and the same in the U.S. And then whether or not the strategy to go into a more DIY Home Center, whether that will hurt your margins in that business or actually help because of the increased volume contribution.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Our business was actually up slightly, our volume was up slightly in a industry that was down, and we think we've done that through expanding the shares and then the mix of products. We're going to participate in the mix of products, and we think it'll be in line with our average across the different channels with lower SG&A cost and other things that go along with it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Cowen & Company.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC: I've got another follow-up on the growth of the Unilin business because it's a lot stronger than what we expected. I think you mentioned that your insulation is doubling, and I'm wondering what's driving that. And also, Jeff, I think you just said that you expected in Unilin to grow in line with the market, which would be slower than you have been growing. Is that because you're annualizing some of the entry into the DIY channel or is there more to be done there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's start with the installation. Installation is a new business for us, about 1 year to 2 years old. It is a board that you put in construction of either new homes or remodeling to insulate the homes and business so they use less energy. The European government are supporting those things with incentives, so that category is growing significantly. We estimate the insulation board business in Europe to be about $1 billion business. In that, the regions we participate in is about 1/3 of it, so about $300 million. We think the industry's going to grow about 5% to 6%, 7%. We think the polyurethane insulation, which has properties that are better than the others, will grow in the midteens at the expense of the other ones. With that, we're increasing our capacity in the operations we have as we speak, and then we have a plan to extend it further and add other facilities in the future. The European growth, I think what I was trying to say is that we expect the European laminate growth to grow approximately in line with the flooring industry, and our goal is to outdo the industry by somewhat. We've had more pressure on our category because in the last period of time, as the industry and the economies have gone down, people have traded down. And so the lower price points have grown more than the higher price points, and we've been able to overcome that by expanding our distribution channels.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC: Got it. And then just a clarification, I think, Frank, you answered a question about price in Unilin, saying that it was up about 4%. But I know your mix was not great. Do you have the price mix change year-on-year in that segment?
Frank Boykin: Yes, that was price mix. We're unable to separate those two lots that I gave, that 4% number.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: In the carpet and the ceramic tile business, I'm interested in what you're seeing go on with mixed trends, if anything changed in 2Q and what your expectation is for the second half of the year and how that might be playing with what you're trying to do with price, and also within the backdrop of what the material environment is.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The product mix in all the businesses have declined, as the retailers and consumers try to minimize the expenditures that they're putting in their homes, which they perceive as less value. So the mix across all the different channels are lower. Where historically, we would see when consumers come in, they would want to buy the best thing they could afford and trade them up through their own limitations in their financing and/or through the retailers driving lower price points to try to differentiate themselves, the mix is lower. Usually, when you get further along in a coming out of the downturn, people go back to buying higher-value products. We haven't seen that yet.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: And then secondly, coming out of 1Q, Jeff, you sounded a little bit more optimistic than now, and I understand the economy grew a little slower in the second quarter. But is there anything else within the business that has you sounding a little bit more conservative at this point than you did 90 days ago?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that 90 days ago, we had a view of the economy that we were potentially coming out of the downturn, that the economy was picking up, that we had hoped the employment would be higher along with everybody else, and so we are a little less optimistic given the latest information.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Is there anything within the business, competitively or structurally, that's, is it just an economic issue?
Jeff Lorberbaum: If anything, I think that we've gotten stronger.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill: First question, just has to do with, Frank, on gross margins. Once you recover whatever headwind you have from raw materials and price of raw materials normalized out and you incorporate the cost cuts that you've taken through the second quarter, what would you say is the, well, medium-term stabilized gross margin that we can think about moving forward?
Frank Boykin: Well, Dennis, we're not really -- we don't typically give out gross margin estimates going forward, and we try to look more at stabilized operating margin estimates as we get to a more normalized trend, if that will answer your question. I can't give you those numbers.
Dennis McGill: Yes, maybe that would be helpful. And then, I guess, just looking for 2012, which is kind of the way you would think about it, relative to where you've been in the past and incorporate the cost cuts, kind of how that works out to be a more normalized margin today.
Frank Boykin: Well, maybe let me try to answer it this way, and it's not a 2012 answer, it's when we get back to a more normalized environment from an operating margin standpoint. We've said as we think our carpet business is going to get back to the high single-digit range, and then the Dal-Tile business back to the 13%, 14% range and Unilin maybe in the 15% range, but that's when we get back to a more normalized environment.
Dennis McGill: That's helpful. And as it relates to 2011, if you hold everything constant today, for the full year, will raw materials have been a headwind and implying a tailwind into next year, if you do hold everything constant?
Frank Boykin: Well, for sure, they'd be a headwind for the full year this year. And if nothing changes, then it should be a tailwind.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East with Ticonderoga Securities.
Stephen East - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: If we could look, first, at what you're seeing with monthly trends as you went through the quarter and into July in your businesses, your demand trends?
Jeff Lorberbaum: If you look at the second quarter, there were some inconsistencies you would expect from week-to-week in different pieces. In general, we saw a relatively seasonal improvement that you normally see. And typically, the business gets a little better as you go through the year, so we saw the normal things we do. If we look back at July, we see a continuation of the similar trends that we saw in July and going forward.
Stephen East - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Okay, so that means you're -- seasonally speaking, you saw monthly progression up? Am I understanding that right?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes, with some inconsistencies though. It's not like a straight line you'd see in a perfect economy. On the other hand, I have to remind you that Unilin's business slows down with European vacations and things on that basis. So you've got to add all that back together.
Stephen East - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Right, okay. And then the second thing, if you look at you've got one price hike in, you're putting another one in right now. Is that it or do you see more on the horizon? And then how is that correlate to what you all are seeing on the raw materials, as far as peaking in the second quarter and going from there?
Frank Boykin: The 2 price increases we put in will be fully realized in the third quarter. The raw materials reached a peak higher than we probably expected in the second quarter to remind you that second quarter raw material cost flowed through under FIFO into the third quarter. Presently, we're expecting the third quarter to be slightly improved over the second quarter purchasing costs which will flow through on to the fourth quarter. And then as usual, we have our raw material costs that we basically buy very short-term and follow with the cost of market, so they're volatile with all the impact from both oil prices as well as worldwide demand, and they change almost monthly.
Stephen East - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Okay. Do you see a need to put through another price increase?
Frank Boykin: We constantly monitor what's going on, and we'll react as required.
Stephen East - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Okay. Frank, if I could sneak one quick one. What do you expect on Unilin, the FX impact in the third quarter?
Frank Boykin: I think we're in the 141, 142 range somewhere around there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor: Frank, Jeff, where within the North American business are the biggest opportunities for further cost reductions and productivity?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's a never-ending battle that you never reach the end. Let's see. We are right in the middle of our strategic plan for next year. I can tell you that this year, each of the division had more than 100 very specific projects to reduce their cost structures, to drive their product mix and drive their management of it, and I can tell you that they're achieving what they did this year and they're putting together similar things for next year. I think they will come up with process improvements, ways of improving the products and driving the production yields. I think that we're getting better at controlling our product mix to the marketplace. I think we have opportunities to improve our product management, the pricing structures in the marketplace. I think that we can get a little leverage in the top line volume. It will flow through all the parts of the business, but I still think there's opportunities in all of them to get better.
David S. MacGregor: Where do you think your capacity utilization rate is right now?
Jeff Lorberbaum: If you look across all the businesses, I mean, we have so many parts and pieces. If I had to give you a broad range, I'd say it's probably 70% to 80% across all the pieces. I mean, that you could have pieces above it, close to 100 pieces below it also.
David S. MacGregor: Just, I guess second question, you talked about the fact that the mix have been negative across all your businesses as consumers are responding to the inflation. I guess my question deals more with your expected elasticity of demand as you push through these price increases, more on volume obviously. But what are you expecting there? What are you seeing maybe in the order book already or maybe just talk about the second half with these price increases going through?
Frank Boykin: A large part of the price increases are in, and we're pushing them through the back end. What you see in the carpet business is a dramatic change in the makeup of the product. So what you see is that where polyester, not long ago, had a limited share, polyester is growing rapidly because the cost of it on a -- in a product is less. So you see this dramatic shift in quality to lower-priced polyester products. So continually, you're going to see that we said polyester and Triexta because of the values they provide are going to move as nylon and polypropylene are declining. In our ceramic businesses, the margins show that the customers are buying less-value products. And so the compression of margins is much about the change in the use of the products and ceramic and the average prices that are being sold in the marketplace today as anything else. Laminate, same thing. So it's not related to one product category. They're all the same. Our expectations are that consumers will go back to higher-value products though as they get more comfortable and they start spending more money. We did see some indications in some of our higher-end carpet products, that we're seeing some of them starting to sell a little more, but not enough to offset the mix change that's going on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Pollard with Goldman Sachs.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: My first question is on your guidance. If you guys look back to 2009-2010, you put a lot of conservatism in your guidance. You guys were beating your guidance by large numbers. That slowed in 2011, and I believe you guys have sort of taken a bit of conservatism out of the way you guide. I'm trying to get an understanding, along that spectrum, where you guys are with the guidance you provided last night. I'm wondering if you guys have started to bake more conservatism in with everything we're seeing or if this is a sort of more of a 2011 like just your view of the world and basically you guys think that the Street estimates are too high for the third quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We account as best we can to project where we think they're going to be. There are a lot of variables in it. When we look at the going-forward piece, you start with the top line where the economies are really hard to guess because they're not forming a straight line. You look at our raw materials, we said that you have about one month view of the raw materials that keep changing. So we do our best to do what -- I think we're pretty good at the guessing. I think if you look back at a thing we'd probably tend to be in the -- around the third quartile. If you look at the range, we tend to end up somewhere in the third quartile, up or down, most of the time. And some of the time, we end up above it and some of the time we end up below it.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: You made a comment a little earlier, you said customers are trading down to minimize the impact of inflation. Two questions around that. I wasn't clear if that was a comment being made more so about the Mohawk segment or if that was more broadly across your entire business. And could you talk about your thoughts on margin expansion over the coming few quarters? It seems like -- I'm wondering how best you guys are looking to offset what looks like a mix impact?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think the answer to the first question is yes, which means we have a mix impact in every product category that we have across every segment. You heard me being more specific about the change that's going on in the raw material and product structure and the carpet one. But the same things are happening at different levels across each of the businesses, as much from retailers trying to create reasons for customers to come in, they tend to be pushing price more. And then it tends to be compacting it even more than the -- I believe, the consumers are really desiring by their focuses. Looking out long-term, we continue to do everything we can to increase the margins. Our goal is to get back to the margins Frank was talking about earlier about, overall, the historical margins. We think that we're putting in place the right cost structures across the business. We're aggressively managing the pieces we can control, and I think we're going to continue increasing our margins and then we're going to get a big lift and we'll get some unit volume to help us.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I guess if I can ask a bit more of a pointed question. I'm just wondering if the next few quarters are more likely to have more stagnant margin expansion, just giving the number of factors that have come up or if you guys have a view that the plans that you're putting together for '12 are likely to actually turn it to material, not materially higher, but higher margins than where you are today.
Frank Boykin: Josh, if you look at the third quarter for example, we do have price increases that will be coming online by the time we get to the end of the third quarter, but they won't be in place for the full third quarter. We also, as Jeff had mentioned, had the headwind with the raw materials that will be impacting our third quarter on the balance sheet at the end of the second quarter will be flowing through in the third quarter. So we have pluses and minuses in there going both ways as you move from second quarter to third quarter. And then fourth quarter, there's still a lot of uncertainty in terms of what's going to happen with raw materials and mix.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Understood. And If I could just sneak one last one in there that I think will be helpful to everyone. Just your country exposure at this point, I know it moves around a ton with all the different things going on in the U.S. versus some high-growth areas, where are you -- how much of your exposure is to maybe your top 5 or 6 countries if you could?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think somewhere in the midteens in terms of our revenues outside of North America and most of that's in Western Europe, in Belgium, Netherlands, France, U.K., Spain, we're growing our presence in Russia. And there are few other countries that would be scattered in there as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall with RBC.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just quick question in the Dal-Tile 4% growth, what's the split there between organic versus share gains?
Frank Boykin: I'm not sure of your question, Bob. One more time?
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Is that mostly organic growth or is there any market share pickup involved in that number?
Frank Boykin: We don't have exact industry numbers. We think the industry, you have to remember now, in the ceramic industry, almost 50% of it historically was new construction, so we think the industry is under significant pressure. We think we are gaining share from imports, as a percent of the piece we're taking share from it and we're growing our share, and we think the industry would be down some number. I don't have the number at this moment.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Got it. So it does sound like you are taking some share. Any update on your expansion plans in Mexico and Russia?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Sure. The Mexican plant should be up and operating about mid next year. It has about $50 million of capacity in the initial phase that's going up. We have been doing making, aggressive investments in our product line, in our sales personnel to increase our distribution. What it does for us in Mexico is that historically, we've had -- we've played in the mid- to high-end of the marketplace because of the making porcelain tile. The majority of the Mexican market is in non-porcelain tile. The plant we're building is outside Mexico City, which is where the majority of the population is, and it reduces the freight costs, the raw materials are nearby it. So this is going to allow us to be a full product line supplier to the industry. We've actually already started selling products in most price points and subsidizing them in the short term. When the plant comes up, we'll move product that's being manufactured in our northern facility to the new plant. We'll more aggressively go after the price points in the lower end of the marketplace, and we'll use the capacity in the north to support more of our U.S. business growth that we expect to happen over time. In Russia, we're putting in a laminate plant outside Moscow. It has a capacity of somewhere around $100 million capacity. We've been growing our customer base there, by shipping in products. We've put in about a year or so ago a local distribution center, so we could get to smaller customers that couldn't import as much. We've been building a distribution in Russia. The plant should be operational the end of this quarter. We've been putting money in it to expand the distribution, as well as train people to operate the plant. As with everything in Russia, you have to make sure and get the permits, which until you finally get them, we can't say you have them, but we think we're all in line with it. And we're optimistic about our opportunity to participate in there also.
Robert Wetenhall - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: So just in a big picture framework even though macro picture's a little bit unstable, just both in Mexico, Europe and China, you're still committed to moving forward with your current CapEx and expansion plans?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's put in place and being spent. Just a point, Mexico, the economy is not tracking the U.S. at this point. The Mexican economy is doing rather well, and just like other parts of the world, they are behind in housing, and we think that it's doing well at this point.
Operator: Your next call comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Your Mohawk segment saw nice growth in the quarter. Two-fold, could you discuss the differences in growth rates for different types of products in the segment? In addition, on a percentage basis, how much did your Commercial grow in the quarter and is it at a same rate as the industry?
Frank Boykin: I think the industry and Commercial grew almost around double digits. I'm not getting exactly close. I think it was about 10%, with a plus or minus. I think we're in line with the industry in growth. On the Residential side, the industry had a decline and we're also showed a decline, as everyone was expecting the remodeling business to pick up more than it has due to the pressure on the consumer. It hasn't picked up as we had hoped it would by now. We still think there is pent-up demand, and it will increase going forward at some point. What was the other part I missed?
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: That pretty much mostly covered it, but I guess, carrying along with that, had there been any changes in momentum or trends in your commercial segment in particular?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Not at this -- the trends from the second quarter to now or one month later is continuing along in the same direction.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Okay. And then I know there've been a few questions about the easing of oil prices and what that means to you. But just to follow up two-part question. Assuming lower oil or energy translates to lower raw material prices today, when could you start to see margin expansion due to lower raw materials? And in an environment of falling energy prices, would you be forced to give some of that relief back?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Start out with the third quarter. Basically, the raw materials we bought in the second quarter are the cost we have to have flow-through on the third quarter. So the costs in the third quarter are going to be higher, the costs in the financial statements will be higher in the third quarter than they were in the second quarter. The raw materials do follow the oil prices with some lag, with the exception of they don't follow exactly. And at points in time, they can be running diametrically opposed because what you have is the supply and demand of the intermediate chemicals that flow-through in the different pieces. And with the world marketplace, those things flow across our countries and borders, and the prices in one country impact the prices in the other. So as a general statement, as oil prices go up and down, we will get cost up and down with the lag, depends on different pieces. But they can be -- I mean I've seen them 6 or 9 months apart going opposite directions for periods of time.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: So assuming all the intermediate parts, including all do abate say -- just assume that those prices abate, would you be forced to give back some of that pricing that you've gained? Or do you feel like your pricing you have now is secure?
Jeff Lorberbaum: If you look back over time, as the prices declined significantly, the industry starts giving them back through promotions and other things, and they do leak out over time. The difference, at this point, is the industry margins aren't as high as the industry needs to support the investments we all have to do. So hopefully, we would hold on to more of them, but get back to a more normalized margins would be a nice thing to occur.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Jeff, most of my questions have been asked and answered. Just a couple of quick ones. First off, you mentioned capacity utilization earlier about 70% to 80% across the company, although most of your restructuring actions over the past couple of years have been specifically to the carpet industry, the carpet business, what is your -- what do you think your capacity utilization, specifically in the Mohawk segment right now?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I would still put it in at the same range. Again, the carpet industry, the carpet piece we have, a lot of different manufacturing operations that support it. So we have extrusion pieces, which you see us putting more capacity, because the needs are running and we need the capacity. You see us putting in more filament piece because it's running relatively fill. Now what happened is that the change from spun yarns and nylon into Triexta and PET, so you see us changing the structure of those pieces. We have shut down significant parts of the business. Most of them are running on five-day schedules with ability to go up to 7 days, if required, across the pieces. I think we have relatively good position across the businesses today.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: One last question. You haven't bought, repurchased stock for several years now. I guess since '06 or so, if my memory holds. With the valuation having come in fairly sharply and your balance sheet in pretty terrific shape right now, what are your thoughts in terms of the use of incremental cash flow going forward?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's really a decision over can we find the right acquisitions to do to support our long-term strategy versus the value we can add through buying back stock. And the third piece is we have been trying to get our balance sheet in order so that we could get an upgrade in our rating. So we're balancing all 3, and we're willing to push the limits of all of them if we think it's the right thing for the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim with Credit Suisse.
Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG: This is actually Mike Dahl on for Dan. Jeff, just a follow-up on the answer to the last question. What types of acquisitions would you be focused on? And how should we think about the magnitude and kind of timing of those. I guess what does your pipeline look like today?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have multiple strategies on the acquisition side. We are looking at tie-in acquisitions in the present geographies and markets we're in. We're looking at opportunities and new geographies in high-growth world marketplaces that we don't participate in. We think there will be opportunities in all of those over the next couple of years. On the other hand, if the stock at the right price becomes an opportunity, that may be better than the others. We have authority to buy back stock from our Board, and we'll consider which ones we want to use. On the other hand, we'd like to have enough flexibility in the future to adapt to changing environments. So it's the balance of the 3.
Michael Dahl - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. And then I guess domestically, do you have any desire to -- specifically on wood, are you happy with your platform there or would you like to grow it, do you see anything?
Jeff Lorberbaum: In the Wood business, we have available capacity to sell in our present business, and engineered wood is the height -- is one category we have excess capacity there. We also have excess capacity on solid woods. So we have significant capacity to grow our business. The question will be is that an acquisition that would help us achieve our goals better, and we always look at them.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Just quickly. Multi-family housing, what percentage of the business that currently stand at?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't have the percentage. The industry, at one point, the new construction is somewhere around 25% of all new homes, which that's a part and it's a piece of it. If I give you a guess, it's less than 1/2 of that. At this point, it could be about -- I remember the total being built now, it's about 1/2 and 1/2, apartments and other. And then because they use less flooring for each, I'm just taking a guess, I don't know.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: So it's probably single-digit?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. But I mean you just heard me walk through a guess at it.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And it will all concentrated in the Mohawk segment, correct?
Jeff Lorberbaum: No. We will also sell some in the Dal-Tile segment, and then limited pieces in the other.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg with UBS.
Susan Maklari: It's actually Susan for David. Can you talk a little bit about the promotional environment that you've been seeing? And as you head in the second half and the things -- given the environment that we're in, do you expect that to change meaningfully relative to what we've seen historically for that seasonally for the time of the year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Promotions are used for multiple objectives in the industry. We use promotions to try to balance out assets with the sales level. We use promotions to try to react to competitive environments. We use promotions to try to create relationships with the customers. All those different things are ongoing at all points in time. I don't see them significantly different than they are at other points.
Susan Maklari: Okay. So then we shouldn't really expect anything to change meaningfully given sort of what we're seeing from a more macro perspective?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The macro things you're seeing, the reports are coming out, whatever is showing up in the numbers, we've been living with it. It's not a new thing for us. We've been acting in the environment, the numbers are coming out that you're seeing, but nothing's changed from yesterday to today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carly Mattson with Goldman Sachs.
Carly Mattson: Given the less certain economic outlook and the recent rates rally, would Mohawk consider issuing debt to term out its 2012 maturity early?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We look over those things constantly. And what we have to do is measure the cost of either buying back the old bonds or the cost of having more debt than we need for a period of time versus the long-term savings. And since you've seen us not buyback up to now, what you see is that the economics that come out, the cost of the 2, the savings weren't enough to overcome the other up to this point. If it changes, we'll do it in a hurry.
Carly Mattson: Okay. And then the second question is with the recent larger credit facility, should we think this is an indication of the size of acquisitions that Mohawk would be willing to execute at this point?
Frank Boykin: Not necessarily. I mean, we've got a maturity coming up in April of next year, so it gives us flexibility with that as well.
Jeff Lorberbaum: But we have the ability to borrow more money for acquisitions when required.
Frank Boykin: We have the ability, we have an accordion feature in that bank facility that allows us to add on to it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Cook [ph] with Voyant Advisors.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you tell me what percentage of the inventory build that relates to raw material cost inflation and what percentage relates to inventory quantities?
Frank Boykin: Well, the build from the end of the fourth quarter to the end of the second quarter, about 3/4 of it is related to -- about 3/4 of it is related to combination of inflation and foreign exchange.
Unidentified Analyst: And then could you also tell me what restructuring charges will be in the coming quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't have anything in terms of the restructuring on the drawing board right now. Any charges that do come through will just be carryover from projects that have been started in previous quarters. So it'll be much smaller than what we saw in the second quarter.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. So Jeff, I'll turn the call back over to you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining us. We think we're well-positioned for the changes in the marketplace, and we'll keep working diligently to improve the value of our business. Have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sara, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Friday, May 6, 2011. I would now like to introduce Mr. Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and CEO of Mohawk Industries. Mr. Lorberbaum, you may begin your conference.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2011 conference call. With me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review the Safe Harbor statement and, later, the financial results.
Frank H. Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Our first quarter earnings per share were $0.34 as reported, or $0.42 excluding restructuring charges. Sales reported during the period were flat with last year. Unilin and Dal-Tile segment revenues grew as Mohawk segments continue to be impacted by the challenging industry conditions. We grew our operating margins to 4.7%, excluding restructuring charges, an improvement of 40 basis points over first quarter last year by driving cost reduction, manufacturing improvements and efficiency gains throughout the enterprise. Cash was $256 million at the end of the quarter, and our "net debt to adjusted EBITDA" ratio stands at 2.2x, giving us flexibility to pursue strategic opportunity. The consensus outlook for 2011 maintains the recovery will strengthen and GDP will improve through the balance of the year. In the U.S., both remodeling and home sales are expected to improve over last year, and non-residential investment is estimated to increase over 8% in 2011.  Continued reductions in the U.S. unemployment rate are forecast through the end of the year. European sentiment remains above its historical average, and the economy is expected to continue to grow. Frank, would you give our financial report, please?
Frank H. Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Net sales for the quarter were $1,344,000,000, flat with last year. Residential saw some weakness, which was offset by commercial growth in the U.S. Our European business growth trend continued in the quarter. The gross margin for the quarter as reported was 25.4%. However, excluding restructuring charges, it was 25.9%, or 30 basis points better than the 25.6% margin last year. We were favorably impacted by price increases and cost savings, which were offset by higher raw materials and energy. Our SG&A was $286 million, or 21.3% of net sales. We held SG&A flat as we continued to control costs. We expect our full year SG&A to improve as a percent of net sales by the end of the year. Restructuring charges were $7 million during the quarter. These were related to a commercial carpet plant in the Mohawk segment that we're relocating to other facilities. Of the $7 million, $6.5 million was included in cost of goods sold, and half -- $500,000 was included in SG&A. Operating income was $63 million, excluding charges, or 4.7% of net sales. That compares favorably to 4.3% last year, showing an improvement of 40 basis points. We had favorable price and product mix, and productivity initiatives, which were partially offset by raw material increases. Interest expense was down for the quarter at $27 million. It was affected by -- positively affected by the repayment of our 2011 senior notes and lower interest rates from our renegotiated bank facility that we renegotiated last year. We are estimating $27 million of interest expense each quarter through the rest of the year. Income taxes -- the income tax rate was 17% for the quarter, and we expect the rate to be in the high teens for the remainder of the year. Our earnings per share, excluding charges, were $0.42 per share, representing a 20% improvement over last year. Moving to the segments.  The Mohawk segment sales were $691 million, down 3.5% from last year. The decrease in overall sales were due primarily to softness in the residential business, offset partially by commercial improvement.  During the quarter, we announced 2 price increases, which will impact our second and third quarters.  Operating income, excluding charges, was $24 million or 3.5%, comparing favorably to last year's 2.8%. We improved the margin with better productivity and cost savings, and higher raw materials, which were partially offset with pricing. In the Dal-Tile segment, our sales were $344 million, up 1%, showing continued improvement. Residential improved throughout the quarter, with commercial continuing to grow. Our operating income was 5.1%, or 60 basis points better than last year.  This reflects the cost improvements and the efficiency gains that we experienced during the quarter. Our Unilin segment sales were $326 million, representing growth of 7% over last year. This 7% increase was both on an as-reported and constant-exchange-rate basis. Operating income for the quarter was $26 million or 8% of net sales. It was down from last year due to higher raw material costs, which were partially offset by price increases. In the Corporate and Eliminations segment, we had a $5 million charge, and we're estimating a $5 million to $6 million charge each quarter through the remainder of the year. Looking at the balance sheet, our cash ended up at $256 million, with most of this cash in Europe. Receivables were $755 million, with our days sales outstanding improving to 45 days compared to 48 days last year. Our accounts receivable aging improved as the economy has improved. Inventories were $1,075,000,000, increasing from last year, primarily impacted by raw material inflation and foreign exchange. Fixed assets ended the quarter at $1,715,000,000. Included in that were capital expenditures for the quarter of $53 million. We are estimating total capital expenditures for the year to be $280 million, and depreciation and amortization at $300 million. We ended the quarter with net debt at $1,374,000,000, and our net debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.2x. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. The first quarter is seasonally the slowest period of the year. In the U.S., our revenues in both residential and commercial improved as the period progressed through the bad weather affecting the beginning of the year. Our first quarter gross margins improved by increasing productivity, improving quality and better yield, offsetting the negative effects of material inflation and harsh weather conditions. Our Mohawk segment sales declined 3.5%, with commercial showing improvement and the residential category still lagging. We expect continued improvement in this segment from new product introductions, additional customer commitments, higher pricing to cover material costs, and operational improvements. The residential order trends improved at the end of the first quarter and continued into April. The commercial business continued its recovery with marginal and carpet tile products growing significantly. The hospitality channel is rebounding after several years of reduced capital spending. We announced 2 carpet prices to offset dramatic material inflation, with the first in February and the second in April. The February increase should be fully implemented in the second quarter and both increases are progressing as expected. We're taking pricing actions as required to react to the volatile material costs. About 30% of our extrusion project this year is presently operating, and we anticipate completion of the first phase by the end of the second quarter. This fiber manufacturing expansion will support the growth of our SmartStrand Triexta and EverStrand polyester introductions, which have both won industry awards. During the quarter, we launched the new Wear-Dated Revive brand, which created the industry's first premium polyester category as the value alternative to nylon. Our Wear-Dated Revive program is one of the most successful collections we have launched, and merchandising systems are presently being installed around the country. In both the multi-family and commercial channels, we're introducing high-performance SmartStrand carpets with superior durability and stain resistance, which reduce the life-cycle costs  of the products. We have secured additional commitments in the Home Center channel featuring SmartStrand carpets, with their premium attributes for luxury, performance and reduced environmental impact. We're implementing new customer relationship tools with our sales force, and hiring additional sales associates to maximize our participation in the expanding commercial category. Operational enhancements to optimize productivity, material and service are being executed, and we'll improve our cost position this year. We're completing the closing of a carpet facility in South Georgia and relocating the production to other manufacturing plants.  This transition will improve our service and costs and has a payback of about one year. Our many green work initiatives will continue to increase the recycled content utilized in our products and processes, furthering our sustainable manufacturing commitment while lowering our costs. Dal-Tile sales grew 1% over last year. The sales trends improved during the period, with commercial outperforming residential. We continued the expansion of our Reveal Imaging technology, which creates more sophisticated surface visuals. New products using the Reveal Imaging have been placed in the Home Center channel, and they will improve our share in the category. Our new residential products have also received multiple industry awards. In commercial, we introduced new tile products with 65% recycled content, which are more environmentally sustainable, and we're offering new merchandising to simplify commercial product selection. To recover higher freight costs, we've raised prices on our products and transportation. Cost reductions continue from new investments in technology, lean manufacturing, material innovations and improvements in the supply chain. Distribution efficiencies are improving from new management systems, reduced fixed costs and greater productivity. We're implementing our ceramic strategy in Mexico to expand our local manufacturing and enhance our market share. The Mexican market is anticipated to grow about 5% going forward, and we're expanding our sales organization, product offering and customer base to maximize our participation. Our new manufacturing facility is under construction outside Mexico City and should be operational by mid-2012. Our Chinese joint venture is investing to gain market share, increase product mix, improve efficiencies and strengthening the management systems. As expected this period, lower volumes and material inflation impacted profitability and will improve over the balance of the year. The Chinese government has taken steps to reduce housing inflation while concurrently committing to add 10 million new housing units. We're building a strong platform to participate in China, and we'll be positioned as a leader in the marketplace. Our Unilin revenues were up 7% both as-reported and on a constant-exchange-rate basis. Sales of most European products were positive while U.S. markets remain difficult but are showing improvement. Our margins were pressured during the quarter by escalating material costs which are ahead of our price increases. Price increases were implemented in European flooring, roofing and boards to offset the material inflation. It appeared that the prices of our major wood inputs have finally peaked in the period. Our European laminate flooring delivered new product introductions earlier than prior years. Market acceptance of our innovation and styling has exceeded our expectations. We're continuing to expand sales in Home Centers across Europe, with Quick Step products positioned as a premium offering. The products are specifically designed for this channel, and some Home Centers are creating special areas to focus on our products. Our market share in the U.K. has increased significantly since establishing our own distribution. We've grown our line distribution in the Netherlands to drive our Quick Step flooring products. In Russia, we're expanding our customer base in preparation for our new laminate manufacturing plant. The Russian facility  is under construction, with completion expected by the end of the third quarter. Our European and Asia Pacific wood business is growing by expanding geographic coverage, adding new customers and improving product mix. Our Malaysian wood plants are increasing productivity and reducing costs. This year, we will consolidate our Malaysian plant and expand that capacity to support additional growth. The U.S. wood -- floor -- the U.S. flooring business improved as we proceeded through the first quarter. We are strengthening our position with  retailers in the Home Center and specialized hard-surface  channels. We've upgraded our Quick Step independent distribution, and won  Dealer awards [Dealer's Choice awards] for our new laminate and wood collections.  We improved our U.S. wood manufacturing costs and enhanced the sales mix with higher-value products and additional performance features. Additional small manufacturers have been licensed. Our Uniclic technology, now we're beginning to see some industry volume improvements. In our roofing and wood -- and board products, we're seeing an improvement in both sales and pricing. Margins are expanding with increased plant utilization, though our pricing still lags the material inflation we've incurred. In the period, we raised board prices 4% to 10%, and roofing is being increased 5% in the second period. Additional price increases have been announced for the second quarter in some products. Our new insulation board sales are expanding further as European governments subsidize the reduction of energy usage. In the third quarter, we'll be adding a third shift to the production line to meet increasing demand. We have also extended our patented click technology into  ready-to-assemble furniture. This new technology does not require screws or other devices for assembly. We've initiated test production to refine the technology and manufacturing processes. This product was debuted at the Milan furniture show on a limited basis and was well-received. The technology has the potential to create a new product category in ready-to-assemble  furniture, but it will take several years to evolve. A video of this product is available on the Unilin website at didit-furniture.com (sic) [www.didit-furniture.com]. After the seasonally slow first quarter, we believe the industry recovery will continue through the balance of the year. Commercial renovation is improving as companies begin to reinvest. We anticipate pent-up demand in the residential remodeling market, and improving home sales will positively impact our results this year. Price and volume increases, along with cost reductions, will enhance our profitability. With these factors, our second quarter guidance for earnings is $0.87 to $0.97 per share, excluding any restructuring charges. We are investing in many strategic opportunities, which our present investments can support about $250 million in additional sales and new markets. These include the Mexican ceramic market, the Russian laminate market, the European insulation board market, a new click ceramic tile, as well as click furniture. In addition, we have our Chinese joint venture, which could become one of the leaders of the Chinese ceramic market. We have significantly redesigned our business to maximize our long-term results while managing through this challenging period. We have improved our organization's ability to drive innovation and product, processes and costs. Our investment in your assets, geographic expansion and systems will enhance our core businesses and create new growth opportunities. With that, we'll be glad to take questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Dennis McGill from Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill: I was wondering if you could talk about volumes in the first quarter across the 3 businesses and how that compares to the revenue numbers.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, as you saw in the first quarter, we started out with multiple things happening. We started with the weather in January, which impacted the start of the quarter. We had multiple price increases across many of the different pieces. We also had in a piece -- as we go through, there was de-mixing in the different product categories, as customers tried to switch from the higher-cost  products to some of the lower-cost  products. We had the biggest impact of this in the Mohawk segment, where you're seeing polyester impact the higher-value  -- higher-cost  nylon products. With all of this, we see -- the second quarter sales, we expect to be up. We expect it to be up both in dollars and units and  all of these is included in our estimates as we're guessing out into the second quarter.
Dennis McGill: I was just asking specifically, about the first quarter. I don't know if you have the numbers in front of you, but for example, in the Mohawk business, I think revenue was down. How much were volumes up or down? And the same question for the other 2 segments.
Frank H. Boykin: If you look at our total business, Dennis, the volumes were down probably about 2% for the whole quarter. But Jeff's point was that it trended differently from the beginning of the quarter to the end. The Mohawk segment was down the most and, actually, the other 2 segments were up in volume.
Dennis McGill: Okay. Got it. And then when you think about the trend through the quarter and into April being positive, can you separate out how much of that is market versus, potentially, some pull forward of demand from the price increase announcements?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't think that we could actually tell the pieces. There's a lot of price increases were in the first quarter, but there is some lagging over into the second, so I can't give you a good estimate. But we think that we're going to be positive going forward for the year.
Dennis McGill: Okay. And then just quickly, Frank, could you give us some guidance on how the working capital will look as we get through the year? It looks like you might have pulled some forward in the first quarter, but just any thoughts around where that trends for the year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: To start out with -- let me start, and then he can give a little more detail. The inventories in the first quarter were up about $70 million. We think about 70% of that came from inflation and FX. On purpose, we increased some of our inventories with the higher raw material costs, and as we go through the second quarter, we expect the inventories to turn and get back more in line with where we'd like them to be.
Frank H. Boykin: And then, I think, Dennis, by the time we get busy through the year to the end of the year, we'll see an improvement overall in working capital, as it'll continue to trend down and we'll improve the position.
Dennis McGill: So for the full year, working capital is flattish or...
Frank H. Boykin: No. It should be down from where it was at the end of 2010.
Dennis McGill: Got it. Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut: First question on -- trying to look at the margins a little bit, particularly the Mohawk segment. You're up a bit year-over-year, 1Q '11 over 1Q '10. Given the timing and you have the price increases as well as the raw materials -- I mean, is that a trend that you expect to continue? And as you kind of look at it in a bigger picture, you hit a 7% margin in the fourth quarter. I mean, is that something that you hope to attain as we get into the back half of the year?
Frank H. Boykin: I think when we look at our margins year-over-year, Dennis -- or I'm sorry, Mike, we're expecting the margins to improve from 2010 to 2011.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. And that 7% that you hit in the fourth quarter, is that something that you think is attainable as you get into the back half of the year?
Frank H. Boykin: I'm not speaking to individual quarters, I'm just speaking to the full year. We're seeing an improvement year-over-year for the full year.
Michael Rehaut: Okay. And second question, just on -- I believe you said in the beginning, and I might have caught this incorrectly, but you'll correct me. Is that -- you had mentioned  acquisitions and, certainly, there's a lot of investments and partnerships in China and the investments in Mexico and Russia, but historically, over the last 10 years, you've also made some decent strategic acquisitions. Can you give us an update in terms of how you're thinking about that? And, with the net debt to cap  pretty reasonable at this point, kind of a target or a pipeline in terms of how you're thinking about things and what small, medium, large -- how we're to think about what you might do in that area over the next year or 2?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes.  Well, we're looking at additional acquisitions. We think we're well-positioned to consider other ones. As we look forward, we think there are a number of potential acquisitions in North America that would fit our direction and position. In addition, we continue to look at high-growth areas around the world. We have basis already in several countries to either expand the product categories we're in or add to them, and we're also looking at other high-growth markets. So I would expect that over the next couple of years, you will see us active.
Michael Rehaut: But in North America specifically, given you have such large positions in most flooring categories, could you give us an idea, within the different categories, what you're thinking about?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean there would just be -- it's just, we're represented in all the categories. There would just be tie-on acquisitions within the various pieces.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group.
Jamie Baskin: This is Jamie Baskin on the line for Kathryn. With the margin improvement in the Mohawk segment, can you breakout how much was related to reducing cost structure, production efficiencies or price increases?
Frank H. Boykin: Probably  the best way to handle that, Jamie, is that you and I talk offline after the calls. I don't have that number here in front of me.
Jamie Baskin: Okay. And then can you provide the growth rate you're seeing as far as non-residential or repair-and-remodel  trends during the quarter?
Frank H. Boykin: It's kind of single-digit range.
Jamie Baskin: Okay. And that's the same for -- that the modular tile you're speaking of or is that...
Jeff Lorberbaum: The modular tile was growing dramatically. Last year, we went into the year and we had to make some changes in both our Mohawk business. We've put in more products in polyester to react to the market changes, but still we didn't anticipate it to move it as fast as it did, but because of the increasing  material costs, it moved faster than we anticipated. So we made moves coming in to the second half with it. We also made other moves in our commercial carpet tile business to increase it. The commercial carpet tile business is growing in the teens at this point, but we're seeing some shrinkage in our broadloom business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg from UBS.
Susan Maklari: It's actually Susan on for David. Can you talk a little bit about -- you mentioned the fact that despite the price increases you've implemented, you still are basically behind relative to raw material prices are. Given that and the fact that you are confident that things can improve through the year, do you think you can still see that improvement if you need to implement, or if you decide to implement, further price increases as we go through?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Historically, our margins get squeezed as we do price increases, because we get hit with the cost increases before we can get the increases  fully implemented so, historically, we'd lose some margin for a period of time. On the other hand, the industry has shown that it can pass them through, and when our margins get impacted by the raw material costs, we have to pass them through and we've done so in the past.
Susan Maklari: Okay. And then just kind of building on that a little, how do you think about the trade-off between consumers moving down to lower-margin,  kind of, products relative to maybe not being as aggressive with the price increases and trying to shift the product mix a little bit?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think we always try to find ways to add more value and sell higher value products. In a rising market, you almost have -- our products are driven by a retailer assisting a consumer in purchasing the          product. And it tend to be the retailers are afraid of the value they create, and they tend to push the consumers down, thinking that holding price is a value-added proposition for them. So we have this compression that goes on through the whole stream. In the carpet side of the business, you have a phenomenon going on that as the raw materials for nylon increase, that the consumers are being sold lower-cost products, but they also have a different value proposition. So that whole trend is offsetting some of the top line growth that would normally show up with the revenue increases.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim from Crdit Suisse.
Daniel Oppenheim: I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about the comps you made on increasing the  presence at  Home Centers. How do you look at that in thinking about margins you would achieve on that? Would you think there is enough volume from that, that it's healthier -- oh, leverage the overhead?  How are you thinking about the sales from Home Centers?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean our goal is to plus -- fully participate in all the various marketplaces. The Home Center channels has a significant portion of each of the different categories. We need to participate in all those markets, and we're doing everything we can. In each of these segments, we try to bring added value as well as supply, based on price and service. And we think that we have resources to do that. I think that it's going to help our business long term, and we like all the business we can get.
Daniel Oppenheim: Okay. And then in terms of the margins in the Mohawk business,  we [indiscernible] saw in the first quarter -- I imagine much of that wasn't coming from price given the timing and how long it [ph] kicks in, comes through. Was there anything coming -- everything about the price and health in the second quarter exacerbate a full net positive? Is there anything -- any offset that we should be thinking about in the second quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have the offset from the second price increase, which won't be fully implemented, but the costs are fully being taken. But we -- that one won't be fully implemented through the peak, which will benefit the third quarter a little bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wettenhall from RBC.
Robert C. Wetenhall: Could you just touch on your view if you're gaining any market share in the Mohawk segment domestically?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that the actions we took last fall, that we did not aggressively move into the polyester business as fast as we could -- we didn't see it changing as fast because we didn't anticipate the changes in the product costs as much as they were. So I think what's happened is as we've come into the first quarter -- if we compare the first quarter to the fourth quarter, we're improving our position within the marketplace, but I think that the different steps we've took, we're getting benefit from in going forward.
Robert C. Wetenhall: Is that in both polyester and nylon?
Frank H. Boykin: Of course, it's addressing the total market, the total business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Okay, whether we mean in [ph] -- we also have another category, which we have unique to ourselves, which is what we call our SmartStrand products. And they're made out of a fiber, which we are the only person, the only company selling it presently in anything. And we're actually creating a unique product category with unique advantages, and it continues to grow also. So we have 3 methods of participating.
Robert C. Wetenhall: Well, on that too as well, and this is my follow-up -- if you  still experience raw material inflation and you're able -- not able to fully offset it through price increases, are there other levers you can pull on the cost-savings  side to support margins in the Mohawk segment?
Jeff Lorberbaum: There are but we can't -- that's a part of our fundamental structure of doing it. We'll continue to invest in capital investments, as well as process changes to improve our cost structures as we go through. We're continuing to redesign the business so that we can take costs out in each of the businesses. Every business starts out the year with goals of cost takeouts across the business to improve productivity and cost structures. And, I mean, they drive those throughout the entire year in all businesses.
Frank H. Boykin: But our expectation is, if raw materials go up, we're going to pass those price increases through.
Robert C. Wetenhall: That's really helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East with Ticonderoga Securities.
Stephen F. East: If we could look at the raw materials and the trends -- if you looked at year-over-year, the total basket for your company, how much would you say raw materials are up? And then, oil has started to come down. How quickly -- if raw materials or if oil derived raws start backing off, how quickly would we see that running through your income statement?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, I'm -- I don't have the total number in front of me. I mean the impact's  huge, it's a -- I mean hundreds of millions of dollars between  the cost of the different pieces in this. So we've had to change the business from the products and pass increases through to get these things through across all the different segments and categories. The prices -- in most cases, we will feel the ups and downs, because we're basically buying at market prices or contract prices, but we feel the increases almost immediately from the time they go through. From the oil piece, they do go up and down based on oil, but there's another phenomenon that's involved which is, as we went through the recession, the worldwide market for chemicals, nobody put the investments in. So as you have the world marketplace growing, that many of the chemicals produced in the U.S. are being shipped overseas. The impact of the exchange rates or the weaker dollar are making them higher-value  to ship overseas, so not only do you have on one side of the oil prices  affecting it, you have the high demand for limited resources, and they don't all -- one plus one won't equal 2.
Stephen F. East: Okay. All right. I appreciate that. And then the second part of my question's 2 different issues. One, could you talk about what you expect the foreign exchange impact on Unilin in the second quarter? Because fourth quarter it cost you nearly 14% of sales. First quarter it didn't cost you any. And then the second part of that, the second question, the Mohawk division. Is the fourth quarter result more what we should expect moving forward? Or is the one quarter result more reflective of what's going on in that unit?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes. We'll probably have to get you to repeat a little bit of that, but the on the FX question there, Stephen, I think the way to think about it -- you can come up with your own estimate, but as the exchange rate moves a $0.05, you could say that, that equates to about $1 million or so of operating income up or down. And then what was your second part?
Stephen F. East: And then the second part, your revenues were up a little bit in 1Q in the Mohawk segment, but your op margin was much lower than the fourth quarter. Is the fourth quarter more reflective of what we should expect moving forward? Or is the first quarter's operational results more reflective of what we should expect?
Frank H. Boykin: I think you have to look at it, again, on a full-year basis and our expectation is, for the full year, that the Mohawk margins are going to be up this year versus where they were in 2010. Traditionally, historically, the margins have always been lower in the first quarter and, generally, have been higher in the fourth quarter just because of timing of certain expenses.
Stephen F. East: Okay. That's helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor: Just with respect to the guidance, I guess at this point, you have a pretty good sense of what you're going to achieve in the way of price increases. You're a FIFO cost company and based on your inventory turns, you have pretty much 100% certainty around  your raw material costs, given that we're  already 1/3 of the way through the quarter. So I guess the -- what remains uncertain is, "Over and above just your ability to continue cutting manufacturing costs, which I guess is somewhat linear, what are the volume and mix assumptions that you've got in your guidance?"
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't give out specific pieces for each category of product. We blend those together. The assumptions are that the volume's  going to improve as well as the pricing. There'll be some mix deterioration going on through the piece as we downgrade the cost product, again, from the nylon to the PET mixes  as we change, and we would blend all that together. We will give you all the details, but I can tell you, when we get through, none of our assumptions will come out right. But the only thing that happens is we hope to get the average of all the mixes  about in the middle.
David S. MacGregor: Do you expect much of a disparity, in terms of your volume outlook ,for the second quarter across your 3 segments? Or is it going to be relatively close?
Frank H. Boykin: There will be some fluctuation there, David.
David S. MacGregor: Okay. I wonder if -- just secondly, if we could talk a little bit about the commercial business. And specifically, if you could just talk about your strategy for reestablishing strength in carpet tile. You seem to be positioned at lower price points right now, or lower face weights. When do you begin to make a more pronounced push up-market to higher price points?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I'm not sure your assumptions are exactly right. We've participate at all the different price points today. We're not a lot different than the average of the industry. I guess we tend to talk about the lower-weight because we have the higher ones established prior to now. Our missteps  from a year or so ago, that did impact our strategy. We're building back the confidence in the products. We have taken care of all the problems that occurred, and we think we're well positioned. Again, we're growing in the teens already, about like in the high teens we're growing already. What's happening to us is that the broadloom business, as the marketplace is moving  up, we're not -- we're offsetting some of the growth we have with the loss of broadloom business, which is typical of the industry.
David S. MacGregor: Wouldn't the B&D end market mix for your carpet tile right now -- I realized hospitality is pretty important. Can you just talk about some of the other end markets where you feel you're  strong or you have the advantage?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We really participate in our commercial business across every category that's out there. I would guess in the hospitality business, we have some unique things because of  Durkan print businesses. We have some unique positions within it. But all the rest of markets we are participating in and  have significant shares in all of them.
David S. MacGregor: How do you stand at education, I guess, since we're heading into a seasonally strong period in that end market?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I would say that we're one of the best-positioned  companies in the country.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Cowen and Company.
Laura A. Champine: Could you talk about your share -- your market share trends outside of the Mohawk segment? So in Dal-Tile and in Unilin, do you feel like you're still gaining share? And also, could you discuss the -- I know those segments are more fragmented from a competitive standpoint. Can you talk about how that helps or challenges your ability to raise prices?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, all the different markets are all unique. I think that the ceramic business has been compressed significantly over the time. I think what happens is you have different kinds of adjustments during different parts of the years and timing, so that in the ceramic side of the business that -- since a lot of it is imported, you have major swings in inventory and it  can affect years significantly as the imports go  up and down, changing those inventory levels. We believe that we continue to have -- maintain and grow our market share within it. We continue to aggressively participate in all the different aspects of it. We continue to innovate in products. We keep talking about Reveal Imaging, which is a printing technology which we're leading the country in and the business here, which is allowing us to get better looks in the marketplace, and improve our positions within the marketplace.  When you talk about the laminates business, our strategy is to participate in the entire market with limited participation in the opening price point, which is the lowest value-add in the market. And since we spend so much effort in creating differentiated looks -- the players that do that  are the ones that have  limited technology and differentiation. So as you look into that business, we participate -- we can participate. It depends on the share growth of the different qualities of  merchandise in the laminate business, is it. I think we're well-positioned where we are. We don't want to be the commodity producer in the marketplace, because we bring much more to the marketplace than price.
Laura A. Champine: And does that positioning -- and does your product innovation make it easier for you to push price increases through? Or how do your -- are your competitors going along with these increases? Because I'm sure they have the same cost pressures.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Because of -- the positioning in the marketplace is not as volatile, up or down, so as it compresses, ours doesn't go down as much. On the other hand, when it starts moving back up, ours probably doesn't move up as much, because we didn't move it down as much to begin with.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes: A couple of questions. Number one on the guidance, the residential trends you've been discussing in the call, are you assuming they stay? The trends in April, are you assuming they stay the same for the rest of the quarter, improve, decelerates? What's kind of the view there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're assuming that the trends stay about constant through the period.
Keith B. Hughes: Okay. And specifically within Unilin, you talked about pricing earlier. Will your pricing actions be fully implemented in Unilin by the end of the second quarter? Or is that going to drag over into the third?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The ones that we've initiated in the second quarter -- in the first quarter will be fully implemented. We have increases being put in into the second quarter and then depending upon the timing of when they go in.
Keith B. Hughes: But is the majority of the pricing work has been already done in the first?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The majority of it has been done, but there's more coming in the second.
Keith B. Hughes: Okay. And is that going to be on the core Unilin? Or is that just that ceiling stuff you were talking about earlier?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The European laminate was increased in the first quarter, with the roofings be going up in the second quarter, and some other board prices  going up.
Keith B. Hughes: Okay. Final question. Frank, you had referred earlier to working capital being down for the year, and I know you basically think sales are going to be up for the rest of the year. What's going on in there? You -- normally, working capital would rise with sales.
Frank H. Boykin: Well, the plan is, and this -- it all depends on what happens with raw material inflation, but the plan is basically to improve our terms.
Keith B. Hughes: So the inventory would be the delta factor there?
Frank H. Boykin: Right.
Keith B. Hughes: Okay. And so as you look at inventory and production rates, are you moving up production in the second quarter or keeping it similar to what you saw in the prior year? How does that, for you, play out?
Frank H. Boykin: Q1 -- Q2 production versus Q2 last year?
Keith B. Hughes: Yes.
Frank H. Boykin: That's a good question. I'm not sure I've got that in front of me here, and I don't know if you [indiscernible].
Keith B. Hughes: As in -- obviously, it's ramping up since the first quarter, just seasonally.
Frank H. Boykin: Right. We don't have the estimates for the last year, in case you [ph] want production volume.
Keith B. Hughes: Well, let me ask you this way.  With the inventory, we would just see the normal swing down, just as a greater rate in the second half of the year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: When we talked about -- remember that a major part of the increase, 70% of the increase came from raw material inflation or FX changes. We're only talking about $15 million, $20 million across the whole business.
Keith B. Hughes: Okay. All right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh: If you could -- I know we've been dancing around this a little bit. The Mohawk segment, what was residential down and what was commercial up, generally speaking?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't give out specific numbers. Not intentionally.
Sam Darkatsh: And generally speaking, if you could qualify, would they be low-single, mid-single digit kind of stuff?
Frank H. Boykin: We don't go down that route.
Sam Darkatsh: Okay. So then, I'll rephrase then. So versus the industry, are you maintaining share in either residential or commercial? Or is the effect that the industry statistics and your own differs, is that more a function of your mix versus the industry? Or if you could help, prefer some color on that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. I think that last year, as we kept saying, we lost some share in the first 3 quarters or so of the year, and I think if you look at it on a sequential basis, we're doing as well as the industry, which would be as you move from fourth quarter to first quarter.
Frank H. Boykin: We've held our position.
Sam Darkatsh: So then, do you anticipate then, gaining share going forward because of the recent trends? Or when would we start seeing that on a year-on-year basis?
Frank H. Boykin: Your question is, "Are we going to gain share as we go throughout the rest of the year?"
Sam Darkatsh: Yes.
Frank H. Boykin: That would be the plan, to improve our position.
Sam Darkatsh: So then -- at what point, then...
Jeff Lorberbaum: You have to go breakdown each of the comps from each of the quarters  when the changes occur.  That's how you do it.
Sam Darkatsh: From a sequential standpoint, as far as you're seeing,  you began gaining share really in the fourth quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In the fourth and first quarter.
Sam Darkatsh: Okay. And then last question, I'll defer. The incremental margins in Dal-Tile and Unilin, there's a lot of moving parts obviously, with  pricing and raw materials and volumes and the such, but  give us a sense of how we should look at that, generally speaking.
Frank H. Boykin: I don't have that in front of me right now, Sam. So rather than just venturing a guess, if you could call me back afterward,  I can give those to you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh from Stifel Nicolaus.
John A. Baugh: Jeff, Frank, I may have misheard it, but mix in the Mohawk division, was that a help or a hurt in the first quarter?
Frank H. Boykin: First, it's hard to pull off -- pull out mix and price and separate them. But basically, I think what we've been saying is mix has been going down as prices have been going up.
John A. Baugh: So and is -- when we talk about mix, I understand that the polyester product is less expensive than a nylon, so on a price basis, that would be a mix down. I'm wondering there, in terms of gross margin percentage, if there is a reduction when we use a polyester versus a nylon. And I guess, most importantly, whether in gross profit dollars, if there is no slippage, but there's  still slippage in gross profit dollars because the gross sale dollar is lower.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think the mix question is more related to price points and commoditization of the product. And it doesn't matter which raw material base you're using. The more commoditized it is, the lower the margin and the more differentiated it is, the higher the margin. So if you stay in similar things, they stay similar. If you move between them, they change.
John A. Baugh: Are you seeing, Jeff, any improvement -- I know Triexta's doing well, and that's a high-priced polyester. Are you seeing any improvement in the --- within any other line upwards? Or is there still sequential or year-over-year pressure?
Jeff Lorberbaum: First is, it's not polyester.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes. It's diff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's a different material according to the government. Second is that we started out with Triexta positioned as the premium product in the marketplace with differentiated features and values. So on average, we've had a higher mix in it due to the market positioning and product position. What we've said now is we're introducing it in some new categories to compete with the other product. So we're putting it in the multi-family product category as we speak. We're getting ready to put some in the commercial product categories, and these things, we'll put it in lower price points and we'll lower the margins more in line with more commoditized products.
John A. Baugh: And then my last question was a mix question related to Unilin, within laminates in Europe. You mentioned the European markets are strengthening.  Is there any trend in mix in laminates,  Europe?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The mix in laminate Europe, I guess, will be that the mixes  there has declined, and what's happened is there's so much pressure on the commodity pieces, it has pulled down some of the premium pieces as well from a pricing standpoint.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kalpesh Patel from Jefferies & Company.
Kalpesh H. Patel: Just a question on your Mexican plant there. That's now  your second plant. Is that primarily going to be just for the domestic Mexican market and the U.S. market? Or do you see yourself also selling further south, into perhaps Brazil and Latin America?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The primary use is for the Mexican marketplace. The location is set in order to be where the majority of the people are in Mexico City to reduce freight costs. In the interim period, we'll take some of the capacity that we'll have in the north and shift it to the southern plant, which will open up some capacity for the North American marketplace, but the goal will be not to ship it out of that plant due to its geographic location if possible.
Kalpesh H. Patel: Okay. Now I'm just trying to follow up on a previous question that you were asked about other markets, globally. And so now that you have presence in Russia and China, are you also considering having assets on the ground in markets such as Brazil and India?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, we would consider those.
Kalpesh H. Patel: Have you done more than consider, like some research, put some money into it or just still considering it?
Frank H. Boykin: Well we can't give you a list.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I can tell you over a period of years, we've talked to a lot of people in marketplaces and we continue to talk to them.
Kalpesh H. Patel: Okay. And then in terms of -- my follow-up question, in terms of the raw material inflation in the European business in Unilin, I think in your opening comments you said that the wood pressures have peaked. And so if you could just talk about actual percentages -- I know we've been talking a lot about price increases and commodity price inflation, but the actual percentage increases for the inflation and your prices to offset it, that would help.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I'm not sure. I don't have those with us. Just as some comments. As in the United States where we've taken corn and used it for energy, and we have changed the supply and demand nature for corn in this country, in Europe, the government has been subsidizing the burning of wood, so what you'll have is the energy use, which is subsidized, competing with the non-energy uses such as boards and material. And those things combined have been driving the material prices up in an environment where they should be going down because of the supply and demand of wood products in the marketplace. With that, there's also the -- as we went through the recession, wood is taken out of the forest and the infrastructure taking out of the forest declined, so all these things created significant pressure as the economy started improving. As we said in some of the comments, I believe, is that between last year and this year, some of our board product we've increased 25% to 30% over the past 12 months, which is a reflection of those increases. And the numbers are so large you can imagine they're impacting our costs.
Frank H. Boykin: And in what [ph] period of time?
Kalpesh H. Patel: You've increased your prices 25% to 30%?
Frank H. Boykin: In the board businesses.
Kalpesh H. Patel: Got you.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes. It is.
Kalpesh H. Patel: Okay. But do you possibly [ph]...
Jeff Lorberbaum: If you want to call Frank back, he'll get you a more specific on the exact wood prices in the marketplace, but...
Kalpesh H. Patel: Okay. And but the peak at this point, is where your outlook...
Jeff Lorberbaum: I can't guarantee it, but they appear to have peaked.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Cook [ph] from Voyant Advisors [ph].
Unknown Analyst -: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your historical levels on inventory. You guys have mentioned this quarter and last quarter that you guys only had to bring the inventory levels down to that level, so I was wondering if you could tell me what those levels were.
Frank H. Boykin: A year ago and, well,  the end of December 2010, is that what you're asking for? The end of 2010 December?
Unknown Analyst -: No. I guess more just in general, you guys have mentioned that you guys wanted to bring the inventory levels down, and then inventory increased. I know that you guys had a lot of cost inflation, but you guys also had some volume increases. So I wanted to know...
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean, I think what it is, is that -- each of the individual businesses, our goal is to increase our returns and reduce our working capital by improving our processes and procedures everywhere, and planning strategies. And in doing so, as you manage it, can you give the same or higher levels of service with better utilization of the inventories? Now offsetting that is balancing the plants out, given individual periods, offsetting -- if, again, with rising raw materials where you tend to increase prices,  increase inventories as raw materials are assumed to increase in the future, and balancing all that as we go through. Our goal is every year to improve our inventory turns and our use of working capital from the prior year. On average, throughout the year.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Joshua Pollard from Goldman Sachs.
Anto Savarirajan: This is Anto on for Josh. Could you talk to how much of the volume lost due to bad weather? You factored that as pent-up demand for the remainder of the year?
Frank H. Boykin: I think it's flowed through already.
Anto Savarirajan: Okay. And the second thing was on the tax rate. What is driving the lower tax rate? And also, the interest expenses as well were slightly light in the quarter. Can you talk to that as well, please?
Frank H. Boykin: Yes. The tax rate is driven by  distribution of earnings between the U.S. and other countries. We have tax strategies in place outside of the U.S. that give us a lower overall effective rate. So as the income distribution changes back-and-forth, we see our tax rate impacted by that. And then on the interest improvement year-over-year, that's being driven by a reduction in principal, where we've paid down the 2011 bonds that we had a year ago, and then also, as I mentioned earlier, we renegotiated the rates on our bank facility 6 or 8 months ago, and that's also favorably impacted our interest.
Operator: And with no further questions in queue, I turn the call back over to the presenters for any closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We appreciate you joining us. It looks like that we've passed the bottom of this. We are anticipating improving over the next year or 2. We think we have a lot of strategic opportunities, as well as maximizing our existing core businesses, and we're working hard to create the most value for our shareholders as we can. Have a good day.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank Boykin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance Jeff Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Rob Simone - Cowen and Company Kalpesh Patel - Jefferies & Company, Inc. John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management John Baugh David Goldberg - UBS Investment Bank Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners David S. MacGregor Bob Wettenhall - Royal Bank of Canada Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates Jason Marcus Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industry's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and CEO. Mr. Lorberbaum, you may begin your conference.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning and thank you for joining our Fourth Quarter 2010 Conference Call. With me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review our Safe Harbor statement and later, the financials.
Frank Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Frank. Our fourth quarter earnings per share of $0.66 exceeded our expectations. Sales, as reported in the period, were 6% lower than last year but were approximately 2% ahead after equalizing the number of days and exchange rates. Our European revenues continue to grow, with U.S. residential business stabilizing and commercial remodeling beginning to improve. Our operating margin of 6.8% improved from last year due to enhanced manufacturing efficiencies, reduced costs, improved process consistencies despite rising raw material costs. Our cash position liquidity remained strong, with over $500 million available after we retired $300 million of bonds in January 2011. Our net debt to EBITDA ratio is 2x, and our net debt to total capitalization ratio is 26%, positioning us well for additional opportunities. The U.S. industry decline experienced over the past few years appeared to have reached bottom, with some markets showing signs of improvement. The predicted 3.5% growth of the U.S. economy this year reflects sustained improvement in consumer confidence and increased business spending. Although U.S. housing activity remains low, forecasts anticipate improvement in home sales as we move to a normalized level. Commercial remodeling is already growing, as business investment increases with higher economic growth. Commercial construction should pick up as indicated by the Architectural Billing Index, which is at its highest level in three years. Frank, could you give the financial report?
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Net sales, as reported, were $1.262 billion, down 6% from last year. Our fourth quarter sales in 2010 had fewer days than last year, resulting in a 7% impact on sales. As Jeff reported, sales were up 2% using constant days and a constant exchange rate base. European business continued top line growth, and we had stronger U.S. commercial remodel end market. The U.S. residential business is at the bottom and should improve. Our gross margin was 27% and flat compared to last year, after adjusting last year for restructuring charges. We were able to offset the higher raw materials with manufacturing improvements. The SG&A was $256 million, or 20% of net sales. SG&A declined after adjusting last year for restructuring charges by over 10%. All segments are reducing cost while improving their service. Our fourth quarter SG&A is the lowest it's been, in dollars, since 2005. Operating income was $86 million or 6.8%, which compares to 5.7% last year, after adjusting for restructuring charges. We had no restructuring charges in the fourth quarter of this year. Operating income is up over 10% compared to last year, as our strategies across the company continue to benefit us. Interest expense was $30 million. It's down $5 million from last year's result of the $200 million bond tender that we did earlier this year and lower rates that we were able to negotiate on our bank revolver. We anticipate interest expense to run between $28 million and $29 million each quarter in 2011. The income tax rate for the fourth quarter was 19%. We expect the rate to be in the low-20% range during 2011. Earnings per share were $0.66, up 18% compared to last year's earnings per share, excluding charges. If we move to the segments, the Mohawk segment sales, as reported were $667 million, down 10% from last year. Sales were down 3% using a constant number of days. The commercial remodel business is improving as residential is still soft. Our operating income was $49 million or 7.3%, which compares to 4.9% last year. Our margin percent was the highest since before the industry decline several years ago. The margin improvement was driven by manufacturing improvements and cost reductions throughout the segment. Dal-Tile sales, as reported, were $317 million or down 4%. Sales were up 4% using a constant number of days and a constant exchange rate. Our commercial and Mexican businesses both performed well. This is the best sales performance since 2006, and year-over-year improvement for Dal-Tile. Our operating income was $20 million, or 6.3% of net sales. We were able to hold the margins flat in our year-over-year comparisons. The Unilin sales came in at $297 million, and were flat as reported. However, sales were up 14% using constant days and exchange rate. All regions grew with the Northern European, Russian and Asian regions growing the strongest. Operating income was $21 million or 7% of net sales, down from last year at 8.5%. Our raw material inflation in this segment was a headwind, and we're continuing to increase prices to offset it in the first quarter. If we jump to the balance sheet, cash came in at $382 million, with about half of that in the U.S. Our receivables, at $615 million, had a slight improvement in days sales outstanding compared to a year ago. Inventories were $1,007,000,000, were up due to inflation, pre-buying ahead of the cost increases and higher sales volume. We expect to have lower inventory levels and to improve our turns by the end of the first quarter this year. Fixed assets were $1.687 billion and included capital expenditures of $156 million for the year. A portion of the $180 million original 2010 CapEx estimate will be spent in 2011. Our capital expenditures estimate for 2011 is $280 million. This estimate includes projects to support growth, such as our Russian laminate plant facility, our Mexican ceramic tile plant and additional fiber extrusion capacity. We're estimating our depreciation and amortization for the year to be $300 million. Our long-term debt ended the year at $1.653 billion. In January of this year, we paid $300 million of bonds that came due. We used about $170 million of cash and $130 million of bank financing to pay the bonds. We have another maturity in April of 2012 of $400 million. We're continuing to look at different alternatives there to refinance those bonds that include a combination of cash and bank financing, or cash and bonds. The financing markets remain good for us today. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. During 2010, our focus on innovation, new products, manufacturing improvements and cost reductions have benefited our margins and increased earnings. Our product enhancements and introductions such as Reveal Imaging, SmartStrand, installation boards and hardwood with Uniclic technology are growing as we adapt to current trends. SG&A reductions this year reflect improvements in distribution, marketing and sales expenses. Higher material yields and improved information processes have benefited our operating results. Investments in China, Russia and Mexican flooring markets are expanding our international presence to help provide platforms for future revenue and profit growth. The consensus among economists is that these markets will outperform the more mature U.S. and Western European flooring markets. In the period, our Mohawk segment sales after adjusting for the lower number of days decreased 3% but achieved the highest level of operating margins in two years despite increasing raw material costs. Manufacturing costs, material yields and process controls have improved our focus on efficiencies, quality and energy reductions. These improvements have increased customer satisfaction. Our sustainable manufacturing practices have reduced our waste streams, lowered costs and improved margins. Our market position, after adjusting for the days in the period, stabilized in the fourth quarter as we accelerated key introductions in new residential polyester carpets and commercial carpet tile products. We implemented a 7% to 10% carpet price increase in February to offset our raw material inflation. Sales of our commercial carpet tile continue to grow, supported by a broader product offering and an expanded sales force. We've improved our carpet tile manufacturing efficiencies and increased capacity to meet higher demand levels in the future. We continue improving our sales and customer management systems to enhance our execution and increase efficiency. Improved planning and inventory processes have raised our service levels with reduced delivery times and costs. Our extrusion expansion is progressing as planned, and will support the changing trends in product styling. Dal-Tile sales declined 4% in the quarter, as reported, but increased 4% after adjusting for the number of days and the exchange rate. In the fourth quarter, we began implementing a price increase of 1% to 2% to recover rising costs of transportation. We've added sales personnel focusing on large commercial accounts and housing contractors to maximize participation in the markets as they improve. We've updated our retail merchandising vehicles to enhance the consumer selection process and better convey the product benefits. We've introduced a new ceramic boutique shop for dealers that will raise their retail mix and sales while making product selection and visualization easier for the consumer. Dal-Tile is leading the industry with advances in decorating technologies created by Reveal Imaging. This process creates more sophisticated visuals and improves manufacturing productivity. We're introducing products with greater distinction between individual tiles in larger sizes, more natural visuals, stronger colors, and new textures. We've also revised our collection of fashionable tile accents, with richer colors and a greater variety of shapes and textures. We expanded our value tile offering to satisfy the current trends in the new home market. We've also broadened our engineered stone countertop line, complementing our natural stone offerings.  Our Mexican tile plant has fully recovered from the flood that occurred during the beginning of the third quarter. Production has returned to normal levels, with limited impact to our customers. We're increasing our Mexican sales and customer base by expanding our product selection and sales force. We've purchased a site near Mexico City and begun construction of a new plant to manufacture moderately priced tile for the Mexican market. The product mix and location will allow participation in the higher volume segment of the Mexican market in addition to the premium category we have focused on to date. We anticipate the plant will begin operations in 2012. We've increased our efficiency, quality and production levels with new procedures, higher production speeds, lean manufacturing techniques and use of alternative raw materials. We are improving material yields with new formulations, waste recycling and reduced setup times. Enhancements in our distribution strategy and systems are improving our service and efficiencies.  Our joint venture in China is broadening its product offering, implementing new production technology and supplying tile through existing Mohawk markets. Our new glazed porcelain line has successfully initiated production of floor tile. Products are being shipped to Dal-Tile's U.S. and Mexican markets. New glazed floor tile products have been developed for the local Chinese market and will provide opportunities to markets we have not participated in before. We are developing new international customers to distribute our Chinese product lines. The plant in the South is running near capacity and we are moving production to the new plant in the North, but we're broadening our local product line. These changes should reduce costs and expand our customer base. Seasonal shutdowns and lower volume will impact the first quarter. We anticipate our investment in China will be accretive to earnings this year, and will position us long term to take advantage of a huge market that should grow about 10% per year. Our Unilin revenues were flat, as reported, but increased 14% after adjusting for the number of days in the period and the exchange rate. Our margins remain compressed as our material costs have continued to escalate. We implemented price increases in our European board products in the fourth quarter and are executing additional price increases in our boards, laminate and roofing in the first quarter to recover continued inflation and improve margins. Our flooring business is increasing, with Northern Europe, Russia and the Asian Pacific outperforming. In the retail specialty channel, our Quick Step program now covers a broader range of laminate price points. We are expanding our home center participation by levering our technology and styling leadership. The introduction of new furniture finishes and high-definition technology continues to affirm our leadership in laminate technology. Product innovation is also differentiating our wood assortment and textures, finishes and colors. Our Wood business improved from last year. We're utilizing our Quick Step brand on premium wood products, introducing innovative visuals, improved insulation systems, and expanding into new geographic areas. Our costs have been reduced by increasing our conversion efficiencies and material yields. We're presently consolidating our Malaysian wood plants, and production there is being expanded to reduce costs and support our European and Asian Pacific business. Both our European board and laminate businesses are under pressure from rising raw material prices. Even though we raised prices in 2010, we have not recovered the significant material inflation, which continued upward in the fourth quarter. Our forward selling prices were increased about 15% last year, and we've announced additional increases of 10% to 15% for the first quarter. European laminate prices are also being increased from 4% to 6% due to raw material pressures. We believe additional industry board capacity in Europe will be shuttered, reducing excess supply. U.S. raw materials for wood and laminate peaked earlier last year but still remain high. Our Russian Laminate business continues to mature with new customers and broader geographic penetration. We've purchased an existing building close to Moscow, and are upgrading it to manufacture laminate flooring. We anticipate production in the third quarter, assuming permits are obtained as expected. Economic recovery and stronger consumer spending will positively impact our industry in 2011. The seasonally slow first quarter is being affected by harsh weather and increasing raw material costs, offsetting prior savings from our cost initiatives.  In our Chinese joint venture, extended holiday shutdowns will unfavorably impact the first quarter. Residential remodeling market will improve with increased consumer spending and higher home sales. Commercial remodeling is growing as businesses invest to maximize their operating results. For the balance of 2011, we anticipate an improvement in our results, as price increases are implemented, volume expands and the recovery continues. With these factors, our first quarter guidance for earnings is $0.36 to $0.44 per share, excluding any restructuring charges. We remain committed to enhancing our organization to drive innovation in product, processes and costs. Advances in our marketing, products, efficiencies and service should yield higher profitability. We're investing in new systems that heighten our visibility and execution capability. This year, a higher level of capital investments will improve our productivity, support new product trends and expand our global reach. We have managed through a challenging period, and our efforts during that time have laid the foundation for the company to deliver greater results during the recovery. With that, we'll be glad to answer any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson of Thompson Research.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: The first is on, I want to dig a little bit deeper on your Mohawk division upside in the quarter. If you were to look past, at your other divisions, Unilin, eight out of 12; led a upside in your Dal-Tile -- three out of 12 previous quarters that led the upside. But what's different in this is this is the first time that Mohawk really led the upside on the margins, and as you noted in your prepared comments, it's the best quarter on a margin basis since Q4 of '07. My question to you is, what is driving the upside to the EBIT margins in the Mohawk division? When you were reducing SG&A, was most of this focused on the division? Just help me understand the big move. And also, further clarifying, does this bode well for Mohawk going forward? Or is this more of an indication of what's going on, maybe on the negative side with Unilin and Dal-Tile?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We've been working continuously on improving the bottom line of all the businesses. We've been reducing our cost structures. We've been introducing new products to help the sales. We have been enhancing the productivity of all the different parts of the businesses. And in the fourth quarter, you're seeing some of the results of that. In all of the businesses, including Mohawk, our goal is that the earnings will continue to increase as we go through this year. We believe we'll continue to get benefits from all the pieces we put in place. And I don't think it's any one specific thing.
Frank Boykin: Yes, it's kind of, it's spread across the business from manufacturing improvements that we've made, quality improvements that we've made, efficiencies we've put in place, cuts we made through SG&A, lower claims. And sometimes, all the stars just align, and that's really, we've worked real hard to get where we are and everything worked out just right this quarter.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: If I'm hearing you correctly, essentially, the sequential 300-basis-point swing and 100-basis-point swing year-over-year on an adjusted basis, what you're saying is, we should expect, excluding weather impacts and raw materials, we should expect similar type momentum going into 2011?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You have to make sure to look at the yearly numbers quarter-to-quarter that swing a little, but we expect the yearly numbers to improve.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners: Okay. Also, digging a little bit more into your CapEx, I know you outlined three major initiatives that you're working on this year. But it is a pretty big swing from CapEx, $280 million from $156 million. How much of the roughly $124 million increase is for those projects that you outlined? And how much of it is changes in your other business, for instance, maintenance CapEx?
Frank Boykin: Out of the $280 million, approximately $120 million is on the three large projects, being fiber extrusion, Mexican ceramic and Russian laminate are the three pieces of the $120 million. Roughly about $100 million, or a little less, is maintenance. And the difference is on a whole host of smaller projects, all of which are going to either reduce costs or give us revenue opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard of Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: First of all, the 1Q guidance, the 4Q result was quite strong and you just talked about strength in the Mohawk segment. Why does 1Q look worse? I understand weather in China, but are there any other factors that help us understand a little bit of why 4Q is good, 1Q's not so good, and then things get better from there? Can you give any color on that?
Frank Boykin: I mean, you have in the first quarter, the softer revenues have always occurred during the period and the weather is impacting it. Other than that, the inventories, we're going to reduce a little bit in the first quarter to get them more in line with where we'd like them. We raised them a little bit in the fourth quarter, due to what we saw coming forward in front of us. I think you have the raw material impact, which is going through and we're would have to catch the prices up. We have actions in every business, in every area to get in front of the raw material increases. We've announced major increases in almost every product category, which we're implementing as we see. We typically take a while to catch those, but those will impact the first quarter and part of the second quarter as they get implementing, as you go through. Frank, anything else you want to add?
Frank Boykin: Well, we're investing in new products and introductions and earlier shipments, and we generally have higher marketing costs in the first quarter than we do in the other quarters.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: Great. And then secondly, with the pricing actions across the business, I'm curious on what your experience and what you're thinking is showing you on product mix. Some of the market share erosion I think you saw in carpet was from some trading from higher-priced to lower priced. What are you seeing in terms of the appetite for mix? Are people back to trading up? Is it stabilizing? Or is mix an issue that's a challenge to, not only the price increases, but rebuilding the margins in these businesses?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The product mix has declined as we've gone through the downturn. Almost every one of the businesses has a lower product mix than they had before, as customers were trying to minimize their investments. Typically, as you come out of recessions and people's confidence go over, nobody strives to have low-quality merch parts in their home. So typically as you go through, and the confidence rises, the mix also increases as you go through. We anticipate that occurring over the next year or so also.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Keith Hughes of SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: On Dal-Tile, this is the first positive revenue on the adjusted basis we've seen in some time. Is that coming primarily from their commercial markets? Or have their residential markets been assisting?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think it's both. The remodeling part of the commercial markets are showing improvement in all the different businesses. On the commercial side, people postponed it; as their businesses are improving, they're trying to invest in those. I think that we're having some share gain in certain of the other markets. Our Mexican business is improving. So as we look forward in all the businesses, and that one is no different, we're anticipating that the flooring industry, which is a very low point, that we'll have growth this year. And the question is will it be a little or a lot more, is the question we're going to ask. It depends on the timing of when things kick in this year.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Second question, you talked about bringing production rates down a little bit to bring inventory in the first quarter. Is that true across all three businesses? And were you running faster production in anticipation of pre-buy before price increases, is that correct?
Frank Boykin: I think that we probably start out with anticipation that the volume would be a little stronger than we had in most of the business. I think that we tend to try to reduce inventory when we shut down, and some of it hits in the end of the fourth quarter, and some of it hits in the first quarter, just to do the vacation schedules. So some of it's just a timing issue of how it hits and when the holidays hit.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bob Wettenhall of RBC.
Bob Wettenhall - Royal Bank of Canada: Wanted to touch base on how much of your price increases have been realized, because they're kind of sizable, and what the customer response has been? And I'm specifically speaking to the price increases at Mohawk and Dal-Tile.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The Mohawk increases are just being executed in the market place. Nobody likes increases. We don't like them, and our customers don't like them. I think that the marketplace understands that there's a dramatic increase in raw materials across all categories. So they're moving through the marketplace, and it takes a period of time to get them all implemented and executed. But they're going in. The Dal-Tile products are really only increasing 1% or 2%, and most of those increases have been for, we sell products in Dal-Tile FOB local destinations. So we do, as the freight rates change, we have to change the pricing to cover the freight.
Bob Wettenhall - Royal Bank of Canada: Understood. And I think you touched on both higher freight costs and higher raw material costs affecting Unilin. Could you kind of specify on a margin basis how much of a headwind you're expecting from higher input costs, in the next quarter and the year?
Frank Boykin: Well, on the carpet side, we put in a 7% to 10% increase to cover those. The Unilin side in Europe, which is where most of the pressure is because of the wood prices in Europe have escalated dramatically and continued to do so throughout the year, I mean we're putting through 10% to 15% increases in the board businesses, which are fairly low-cost products. And then we're putting in a 4% to 6%, 7% increase in our Laminate products, all that we think will take to cover the raw material increases.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. The plan is, when we put the price increases in, is that they will basically cover the cost increases, the price increase that we actually realize. We generally realize a little bit less than what we actually announce.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Goldberg of UBS.
David Goldberg - UBS Investment Bank: My first question was actually, I know there's been some questions about Mohawk and Dal-Tile. I wanted to know about Unilin and the price increases you're putting through. And what I wanted to kind of focus on was the competitive environment. Are you seeing, I know when you used the word cooperative, but are you seeing competitors trying to put through similar prices? Or is there been more of an acceptance of lower margins in the business as you try to put through price increases now?
Jeff Lorberbaum: In Europe, most of the business that's going through the downturns in the industry have had very depressed margins, us included. So the industry, as the raw materials have come through, we can't absorb those pricing increases, and we and competition have announced price increases to try to recover those raw material changes. In addition, in the board businesses, there are capacity that has been shut down, and we anticipate additional capacity to reduce the excess production in some of the different product categories over the near term, all of which should help. Again, when you come through downturns where the margins have been compressed, there's no way to absorb the raw material increases which are occurring.
David Goldberg - UBS Investment Bank: All right. My second question, Jeff, I think you mentioned in the comments that you're now shipping tile back into China, to the U.S. and Mexico, if I understood correctly. And I'm just wondering what the cost structure is. Is it relatively less expensive, all-in when you look at it to be producing in China, relative to your U.S. and Mexican operations? And do you think you're going to kind of eventually be producing more and importing more from China?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The products we're importing from China are high-end commercial products that tend to have a lot more labor in them. And so it's a very specific market that those things make a lot of sense in. It's not in the major parts of our business. The joint venture in China, we really believe the big benefit is going to be maximizing our participation in the Chinese market. The Chinese market, on a unit basis, is about 25x to 30x larger than the U.S. marketplace, and the exports around the world presently are around 20% of their capacity and our goal is to expand our local participation and where it makes sense to import stuff for the Mohawk sales.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike Rehaut from JPMorgan.
Jason Marcus: This is actually Jason Marcus in for Mike. Just a follow-up on the Unilin segment. Assuming that you're able to get most of the price increases through, do you think that you'll be able to get to a double-digit margin in 2011?
Frank Boykin: We're going to try to improve -- the margin will improve from where it is right now, but we're not going to give out specific guidance on margins for this year.
Jason Marcus: Okay. And then just regarding the Chinese joint venture extended holiday, is there any way to quantify what, from an earnings perspective, the impact will be in the first quarter?
Frank Boykin: I'm sorry, ask that one more time.
Jeff Lorberbaum: What's the impact
Jason Marcus: The earnings impact from the Chinese joint venture extended holiday?
Frank Boykin: Again, we're not prepared to give out information at that level of detail. But it's going to depress earnings from where we were with China, from where we were in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dennis McGill of Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: The first question, Frank, just wondering, you guys kind of touched on all the moving variables within the Mohawk segment, whether you think about it for the quarter or for the year. Can you maybe split out the benefit of, or detriment of raw materials versus price, and then the cost savings from all the other initiatives that you've talked about?
Frank Boykin: We generally put that out in the 10-K, Dennis, and I'm not sure I have the exact numbers. But we had significant improvement in the quarter as a result of the restructuring activities, the benefits from the restructuring activities and the SG&A cost cuts that we did. And raw materials, that more than offset obviously, the headwinds that we had from raw materials net price.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay. I wanted to ask you about working cap in 2011, but just a follow-on to that. Would you still have a tailwind as you enter 2011 from some of those initiatives? Or have most of those run the course?
Frank Boykin: I think we'll still have some opportunities going into 2011, from the initiatives we were working on in 2010, to realize the full benefit. You want to say anything else on that, Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Also, we have a large list of additional opportunities. So some of them haven't annualized yet, so you'll have to get benefit from there and then there's a significant list of new opportunities this year that each organization has defined, measured and is aggressively pursuing.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Baugh of Stifel Nicolaus.
John Baugh: My question is on the Mohawk side. When you look at your raw material costs, in terms of what flowed through your P&L in the fourth quarter versus what the market price of your raw materials increased and then how that relationship might look in the first quarter?
Frank Boykin: The question is the spread between price and raw materials Q4 to Q1?
John Baugh: Well, yes. Really, in terms of what flowed through. In other words, you're purchasing raw materials that are escalating, I assume, starting in October, November and have continued. Yet what you've ran through your P&L with FIFO accounting was lower than that. And I'm just curious what that relationship was in Q4 and then what that looks like in Q1.
Frank Boykin: Well, we had year-over-year raw material inflation in Q4 and offset a portion, but not all of that, with price in Q4. But we're going to have higher raw material inflation in Q1 running through our P&L and then into Q2.
John Baugh: Any quantification on that or no?
Frank Boykin: Not at this point.
John Baugh: And then, it sounded like the Mexican facility will not come online until '12. Does that mean that in terms of P&L impact, that startup costs, we're really only looking at Russia impacting '11? Or were there -- because I assume the extrusion capacity really won't be terribly disruptive to earnings. Or are there any major cost startup issues to think about in '11?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean there are always startup costs with every project, so we have a long list of projects. On the other hand, we're expecting to get benefit from the ones that implement during the first half of the year. We're supposed to see positive benefits during the year. You're correct that the startup costs from the Mexican plant, most of those will go into cost of the facility, other than some of the labor and training we'll have to do towards the end of the year to get ready. I don't know, Frank, any more color?
Frank Boykin: So the largest impact, like you said, John, on startup costs this year should be from the Russian laminate plant.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David MacGregor of Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor: I wonder if you can just help us understand, if you bundle together everything you've got, I realize some things start up sooner then later. But if you bundled all the emerging markets: China, Mexico, Russia enterprises together, what's the revenue contribution in 2011? And I realize it's a bit early, but can you give us some sense of what you'd expect in 2012?
Frank Boykin: It's kind of a mix. I mean if you looked at our total international business revenues, I think it's in the kind of high-teens. Remember that the Chinese joint venture is one line in our P&L, so the sales aren't consolidated there. So it becomes a little bit difficult to answer your question, as you're posing it. But what we're doing is we're growing significantly from a small base in these emerging markets, Russia, China and Mexico.
David S. MacGregor: Maybe another way to ask it, what would that international fraction be, come 2012, based on your projections today?
Frank Boykin: '12, we're not ready to answer.
David S. MacGregor: Can you try to ballpark for us? I'm just trying to get a sense of proportion as to how fast that's growing and  you're not able to do it
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's see if we can give you any color. You have the capacity, Frank, with the different pieces? In Mexico, I believe it's going to be around 90 million square feet of capacity, is going to put in the Mexican marketplace, in ceramic. I believe that we're going to put in an additional, in Russia, do you have the number?
Frank Boykin: No, it was 50 million or 60 million square in square feet. David, I can get the capacity numbers for you. We don't have them right here in front of us. Maybe that will help with what we're putting it in some of these emerging markets, how about that?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Fox of Fenimore Asset Management.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: I was going to ask about the CapEx, maybe which was asked in the first question, drill down a little bit. The $120 million, which kind of the investment in the three big projects, can you kind of talk about the expected benefits of those? Whether it's lower cost or whether building something in Russia allows you to sell more since you're on the ground in the country? And just talk about the benefits from those investments.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's start with the Mexican ceramic. In Mexico, the plant in Mexico makes higher value porcelain products that we have today. So we participate in the high-end portion of the market only, which is a relative small part of the total Mexican marketplace. The new plant, which is located near Mexico City, which is where the populations are, to reduce freight costs, as well as it's located near different body materials, will allow us to produce moderately-priced tile and compete in the top of the bell curve of the marketplace. So in Mexico, we have less than a 10% market share, and we believe we can start participating as a full line supplier across the business. We are adding salespeople, we are adding product lines in order for us to participate in that. The Mexican marketplace this year grew 3%, it's anticipated to grow about 6% next year. So we believe it's a good market to be in. We have management talent there that understands how to operate the plants, and understands the customer base. And we will invest this year, broadening our distribution, and in some cases, selling the products that we have into the marketplace and they'll be replaced by new ones when the plant  or converted to the new plant when it comes up. In the Russian market, we've been importing ceramic laminate from our European plants. A year ago, we put in a distribution center in order that we could improve the service level and get prepared for putting a plant in it. We have spent the last year broadening our sales, using that local distribution center to increase the sales, to get to a different customer base. All that will continue this year, and that will allow us to participate in Russia. And also, by importing the difficulties in getting things across the Russian border, it impacts service, as well as costs. And so that will allow us to participate in a greater basis there. In the Russian marketplace, we will be aimed at, similar as we do in Europe, in competing in the mid- to high-end with differentiated products in it. In the Chinese market, with our joint venture, and it's a huge market, estimate about 60 billion square feet. The largest company has, I believe, no more than 3%, 4% market share in it. It is usually fractured. The business, we've put in significant investment. At the time we purchased our share in the joint venture, had just put a new plant in the North, in Mongolia. It's far enough away that the transportation costs, you can't compete from one to the other, puts us in a totally new market. We've put significant capacity in that marketplace. We are developing the customers, broadening our distribution. We are, in China, we brought together glazed floor tile technology, which the first line has already been started up in China. We're helping them develop products. We're helping them improve their merchandising and marketing, and the combination of those pieces, we believe that we can grow our share, both from an internal standpoint. And then longer-term, it would give us the base to possibly start consolidating the market over time and put us in a position to significantly participate in the market over time.
David S. MacGregor: Okay, terrific. So I mean, a number of these investments are to grow the top line going forward?
Frank Boykin: All of them.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kalpesh Patel of Jefferies & Company.
Kalpesh Patel - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I wanted to ask about the contribution margin or the operating leverage in your business model. Obviously, you've taken out a lot of costs over the last few years. What sort of levels of operating leverage should we think about, in terms of the three different segments?
Frank Boykin: I think what we've tried to do in the past there, is to give you an idea of fixed cost in the different segments. And if you look at fixed cost in the Cost of Goods Sold section of the P&L for the Mohawk segment, fixed costs are in the, I'd say, mid-teens level. And then in the Dal-Tile segment, they'd be close to 20% and higher, maybe 25% in the Unilin segment. And then across all the businesses, SG&A is probably 50% fixed.
Kalpesh Patel - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. So you want us to kind of use those numbers to get to the operating leverage numbers?
Frank Boykin: Yes.
Kalpesh Patel - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then my follow-up question, you said in your press release that you, I guess, gained market share in the carpet or it improved. Did you lower prices there, in your commodity products? Is that what happened? Or what sort of changed from last quarter or the last two quarters?
Jeff Lorberbaum: What we said was that we thought our position had stabilized, that we'd been losing some share, that the marketplace had moved in the product-to-polyester faster than we anticipated. As the prices went up, the market moved to lower cost raw materials faster and that we needed to increase our polyester introductions. We started doing that in the third quarter and those introductions are gaining traction. At the same time, the other area that's growing is the commercial carpet tile. We've also increased the number of the commercial carpet tile introductions. We've increased the capacity of our carpet tile, and it's growing significantly. And we think both of those will continue and help get us where we want to be.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Laura Champine of Cowen Company.
Rob Simone - Cowen and Company: It's Rob Simone stepping in for Laura this morning. We were wondering if -- you talked about inventories before and, I mean in dollars, your inventory balance is up 13% year-over-year. But we were wondering if you could just kind of segment what portion of that growth came from the different components, so like inflation, the demand component that drove your inventory growth, and whether or not your prior period's inventory growth was trailing or ahead of how demand developed in Q4?
Frank Boykin: If you look at the increase, about almost 40% came from inflation and pre-buy, where we're trying to get out ahead of the cost increases. And then the balance of it was just increased volume in quantities. Both of which were, as we said earlier, planning to reduce the inventory levels and improve the turns back to more normalized historical levels by the end of the first quarter.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Presenters, do you have any closing remarks?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. We appreciate everyone joining us. We believe that this year that the industry will see improvement and that we're well-prepared to participate in it. We're taking the actions we need to cover the raw material increases, and we'll keep reacting to them as the circumstances change. Thank you very much for joining us.
Operator: This concludes Mohawk Industry's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Lorberbaum - Chairman and CEO Frank Boykin - CFO
Analysts: Dan Oppenheim - Credit Suisse David MacGregor - Longbow Research Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Susan Maklari - UBS Stephen East - Ticonderoga Securities Laura Champine - Cowen & Company Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates Keith Hughes - SunTrust John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs Carl Reichardt - Wells Fargo Securities Bob Wetenhall - RBC Alex Mitchell - Scopus Asset Management
Operator: Good Morning. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce Jeff Lorberbaum. Mr. Lorberbaum, you may begin.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning to the Mohawk third quarter 2010 earnings call. Thank you for joining us. With me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review our Safe Harbor statement and later, the financial results. Frank.
Frank Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. Our third quarter earnings per share of $0.74 is in line with our expectations, with sales of $1.3 billion, down 5% from 2009 or 4% with a constant exchange rate. Our operating margin of 6.8%, excluding unusual items, improved from the prior year. We have a strong financial position with free cash flow of $87 million and an improving net debt to EBITDA ratio at 2.0. The industry slowdown that began this second quarter continued into the third quarter and affected our revenue growth. Although the short term industry conditions are soft and difficult to predict, the long term future for both the economy and the industry remains good. The U.S. economy has bottomed, and is expected to continue growing at 2% to 3%. Consumer spending is expected to improve, with higher employment levels and longer work weeks. Consumers continue to defer large expenditures on their homes. Credit markets and availability are better, and the consumers' balance sheet is improving. The outlook next year is for both new housing remodeling to grow, while commercial investments recover. Our third quarter sales were down from last year, while our European businesses grew in most categories. Our U.S. residential sales declined, as spending remained slow. Commercial markets appear to have bottomed, with business remodeling starting to gain some traction. Frank, would you give our financial report please?
Frank Boykin: Good morning everyone. As Jeff had mentioned, net sales came in at $1,310,000, 5% down from last year or 4% down on a constant exchange rate basis. Our U.S. residential sales were soft, with commercial approaching a bottom. We are seeing some improvement in the commercial replacement business. And our European business continues to grow, although at a slower rate. Our gross margin came in at 26.3%, which compares to 26.7% last year. We had higher raw material cost with lower volumes impacting that, and they were partially offset by price increases and restructuring improvements. Our SG&A expenses, which is a bright spot came in at $260 million or 19.8% of net sales. Compared to 21.8% last year, SG&A dollars are down 14% from last year and improved 200 basis points over last year as a percent of net sales. Overall, our spend was well controlled, and the many initiatives that we put in place over the last year-and-a-half have had a positive impact. We had $3 million of restructuring charges during the quarter with about $1 million in each segment of restructuring charges. Operating income, excluding charges, was $89 million or 6.8% of net sales. The increase in operating margin was driven by SG&A actions and improvements in manufacturing productivity and quality. Interest expense at $30 million was down from last year due to the purchase of $200 million of bonds earlier in the year, and partially offset by increased pricing and fees for our bank facility we put in place earlier. Other income includes about $6 million in a U.S. Customs refund. This is for excess duty charged on Mexican tile that we shipped into the U.S. where Customs improperly classified the tile. We estimate that possibly there would be an additional $10 million to $20 million of refunds, but we can't be certain whether we will receive that or when we will receive that. Our income tax effective rate was 13% during the quarter, and we are estimating that the rate for the fourth quarter will be in the mid-20% range. Our earnings per share, excluding unusual items, was $0.74 a share, up 16% from last year. This is the same as our GAAP earnings per share. The items after tax all net to zero and include a $4 million Customs benefit, offset by charges of $2.3 million for restructuring and $1.7 million for one-time purchase accounting related to our Chinese investment. If we jump to the segment information, the Mohawk segment sales came in at $713 million, down about 6% from last year. The overall decrease was driven by softness in the residential category, while the commercial rate of decline is improving with positive modular growth. The operating margin excluding charges was 4.5%, up from last year's 3.2%. Margin improvement of 130 basis points over last year was supported by price increases and productivity improvements. In the Dal-Tile segment, our sales were $345 million, down about 5%. This decrease was primarily from the continued weak residential home starts as well as loss sales from the flood in Mexico. Our operating margin excluding charges was 10.2%, which compares to 8.1% last year. Our Mexican tile plant has fully recovered from the July flood and is currently running at normal operating levels. We settle the $25 million insurance claim during the quarter, which reimbursed us for damage to property and equipment, and replaced profits from sales lost as a result of the flood. Our third quarter results include the full effect of the insurance coverage, and put our operating profit dollars at the same level as if the flood had not occurred. Our revenues were lower due to loss sales, so our operating margin percent was higher than normal. Our loss profit for the period covered by insurance was approximately $5 million. Our operating margin would have been in the high-single digit range, had the flood not occurred. In the Unilin segment, sales as reported were $277 million, down about 2%. However, on a constant exchange rate basis they were up about 6% with improvements in most regions outside of the U.S. Our operating margin excluding charges was about 9.2% versus 12.4% last year. The margin decline was impacted by higher raw materials and maintenance cost. Foreign exchange reduced margin by about $3 million this quarter. If we turn to the balance sheet, cash ended up at $366 million and includes about $195 million in the U.S. with the balance in Europe. Receivables at $698 million had days outstanding of about 46 days, which is in line with the second quarter. Inventories at $996 million are up about $30 million from the second quarter. About two-thirds of that increase relates to inventory purchase to cover the Mexican plant that was down from the storm, which recovered faster than we had anticipated. We expect to work through the towel inventory in the fourth quarter. The remaining one-third is related to foreign exchange and additional European inventory to support growth. Our fixed assets at $1.7 billion included capital expenditures during the quarter of $39 million, but depreciation and amortization of $73 million. We're continuing to forecast CapEx spend for the year at $180 million, and depreciation and amortization at $300 million. Our total long-term debt was $1.655 billion and net debt, net of cash $1.289 billion at the end of the quarter. Cash flow and liquidity remained good, free cash flow was $87 million and our total liquidity was $850 million at the end of the quarter, of which about $300 million will be used to pay down bonds in January of 2011. We're estimating that we'll probably use about 150 in cash, and then 150 of the bank facility to take care of the bonds when they're due. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: All of our businesses were impacted by the soft industry conditions during the quarter. We reacted to this by reducing operating cost, implementing product promotions, introducing new products to satisfy market changes and continuing our international expansion strategies in Mexico, Russia and China. The results of our cost containment and restructuring initiatives are reflected in the lowest SG&A expense recorded in over 12 quarters. Liquidity remains strong with $850 million available, including $350 million in cash. In our Mohawk segment we made progress improving our overall margins in operating performance for the 34% increase over the prior year. However, some of this progress came at the expense of lower than anticipated sales revenues, which were down 6%. Our efforts to maintain our pricing position through two increases during challenging business conditions, led to lower sales results in residential carpet. During the last price increase, our more firm position on the increase led to some volume loss, to respond with adjusted prices on specific products and are using selective promotions to regain position. We secured additional customer commitment that will positively impact us next year. Polyester filament products have grown faster than we anticipated, and we've responded by adding additional styles and price points. Production capacity has been expanded in our polyester and additional extrusion is being installed next year to support the trends. In commercial, carpet tiles are growing faster at the expense of broad length. Our product line is being rebalanced to have a higher portion of carpet tile with greater styling and more price points to align with the trend. We are also adding additional sales resources to increase our market participation. In commercial, we also have a greater share of the hospitality channel which has had a more dramatic contraction than the other channels. We are presently seeing improvement in most of the areas of commercial remodeling reducing our manufacturing administrative costs, increasing service levels, improving quality and introducing innovative products. A new SmartStrand campaign using social networking and other media has begun using elephants at the Dallas Zoo to demonstrate the durability and ease in cleaning of our proprietary products. The extrusion expansion in South Carolina is progressing on schedule and we'll get production in the first quarter of 2011 to meet the changing demands of the market. The Dal-Tile sales were down 5% due to the continuing softness in the ceramic markets and the impact of loss production in our Monterrey, Mexico facility. The reduction in purchases by customers and businesses which began in the second quarter has persisted. We've announced selective price increases for our ceramic products of 3% to 5% to cover increased transportation costs beginning in November. As an alternative for customers who import tile we're offering limited high volume products shipped direct with lower freight, shorter lead times and reduced capital investments first as their alternatives. We've dropped an added more products in the period to limit the impact of loss production from our Mexican facility. We increased outsourcing of tile to minimize supply disruptions to our customers. The plant recovered faster than we anticipated, increasing inventory levels which will be adjusted out in the fourth quarter. New product introductions this fall are focused on residential remodeling and has enhanced merchandizing to maximize sales. Commercial ceramic sales appear to have reached a cyclical bottom with the health care, education and institutional channels outperforming. We've increased the number of large accounts specifying our commercial products for their projects around the country. Many of our new introductions are utilizing our reveal image printing technology which creates more realistic and random visuals. We've expanded our tiles with surfaces that minimize bacterial growth for residential and kitchen and bath as well as for commercial applications. We've increased the distribution of our stone slabs to maximize our penetration in the market. The Mexican tile industry is expected to grow about 3% this year and we're expanding our customer base and broadening our product line. A site in Mexico City has been selected for a new tile plant which will manufacture low-to-medium price ceramic for both the Mexican and U.S. markets. The plant should initiate production in 2012 and is located near our raw materials and the major markets. Our manufacturing team continues to implement cost savings by increasing production speeds, improving productivity and utilizing more localized material. Our new warehouse management system which optimizes labor and proves efficiency was implemented in the period. The system will installed across the distribution network in the first half of 2011. A hurricane in July caused the flash flood which completely shut down our ceramic plant in Monterrey, Mexico. The plant was repaired in the period and is operating at normal levels. The insurance claim for the damage and disruption was resolved during the quarter with proceeds compensating for damage, repair, lost sales and margin impact. Our ceramic investment in China was completed during the period. We've begun to developing new products for both the Chinese and American markets. The Dal-Tile brand will be used in China for a high-end ceramic collection. The Foshan plant in the south is running near capacity, while the new plant in the north is still increasing its production. The new plant expansion and revenues were slowed due to delays in the electrical infrastructure which has been completed now. A new tile line has been started up to provide premium tile for Dal-Tile distribution in the U.S. As anticipated, the Sanfi results were slightly accretive during the period, excluding one time charges for purchase accounting. Unilin sales decreased 2% as reported, but increased 6% using a constant exchange rate. Business in Europe improved while conditions remained difficult in the U.S. markets. Margins declined in the quarter as prices lagged material costs, U.S. sales slowed and maintenance expense increased. Presently, material costs appeared to have peaked and additional price increases have been announced. We anticipate our margins expanding next year with higher selling prices and material costs stabilizing. In Europe, our flooring sales increased in most markets as well as Russia and Asia. Our wooden insulation panels increased in sales while our roofing systems remain weak. Our strategy of participating in the Home Centers channel by providing style and fashion is broadening our laminate distribution. Our European wood sales including our premium Quick Step branded wood are growing. We're broadening our laminate customer base in Russia to support our new flooring plant which should be operational in mid-2011. Sales of our new insulation boards are rising and we are increasing production to satisfy the demand. The building codes in Europe are requiring energy reductions, and the market for insulation boards should expand 15% to 20% annually. In the U.S., demand for laminate remains weak across all channels. We're offering targeted products to address the value needs in the market and stimulate demand. Demand for our wood products has improved, and our wood product mix has increased. We're increasing our flooring sales to national retailers, while broadening our board sales to other industries. The plants are improving productivity and reducing expenses. We're continuing to introduce innovative products in each category with unique features, including laminate with more realistic patterns, finishes and edge treatments, (clipped) wallboards, new surface technologies in wood as well as bamboo flooring. The third quarter sales demand and raw material trends are expected to continue through the fourth quarter. Next year we anticipate increased sales growth, higher selling prices and margin improvement as we gain leverage from the changes we had implemented in our business. Our fourth quarter guidance for the earnings is $0.53 to $0.63 per share. The fourth quarter of this year includes four fewer days in the period compared to last year. We've implemented significant changes in all segments, functions and levels of our business as we manage through the economic downturn. Our costs have been dramatically reduced. The processes have been redesigned. Advanced information systems have been employed. And our infrastructure is more efficient than any time in history. We've demonstrated the ability to adjust to a changing economy, national disasters, and a difficult competitive environment. We're further expanding internationally with ceramic in Mexico and China, and laminate in Russia. Our capital structure is well positioned with additional liquidity available for growth opportunities. The company is well positioned as the industry improves from pent-up demand and economic growth. With that we'll be glad to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim from Credit Suisse.
Dan Oppenheim - Credit Suisse: Just wondering if you can talk a little bit more about the pricing environment. You talked about that you lost a little bit of volume; it was on the pricing, but then used promotions to regain share. Would it be difficult then to pass on higher cost for raw materials? How do you see that coming through next year? How do you see the pricing environment shifting here?
Frank Boykin: Well, I think that we were a little aggressive in some of our price increases relative to competition in the marketplace, and so we've made adjustments for those. The raw material prices in all the different categories, as those go up they have to be passed through to the customers across the marketplace and that's our intention where it's required. In our Unilin business, we've announced multiple increases already. And in each of the businesses, we're looking over where they are and making terminations where they have to be done.
Dan Oppenheim - Credit Suisse: Okay, and then secondly I was wondering about, you had commented about an expectation of growth in residential in 2011. Do you have concerns about the lower existing home sales activity that we are seeing now, which then likely translates into reduced repair model activity, at least in the first half of 2011?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're optimistic about the improvements because they are at very low levels, and we believe that those levels will improve as the economy improves and as people get more comfortable spending money in the remodeling segment which they have been postponing. So we're reasonably optimistic. It's a little early to tell, but it appears that the commercial remodeling businesses, we're seeing some more activity presently and going forward. So we're expecting improvement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Pretty tough market out there. I don't know how many ways we can slice and dice this one. Jeff, a couple of messages talk about the emerging market growth, and you've got Mexico, you've got the new plant ramping in China, the Russian distribution, the laminate facility over there. What are you generating right now in terms of emerging market revenues, and how does that grow over the next 3 to 5 years?
Jeff Lorberbaum: In Mexico, historically we've had a limited share of the marketplace; it's been less than 10%. And we focused on using the capacity to support our U.S. business. As the industry slowed down, we started increasing our participation in the marketplace and broadening our customer base. We're making good progress in there. The market place in Mexico is about half the size of the U.S. market in dollars but it's got similar volume because the average price points are difference on the products. We had been focusing originally before on basically high-end products in the marketplace. In the last year, we have started broadening out. So we compete in all price points in the marketplace, preparing to put more capacity in the market. We have a site selected down there, and we think that we can continue to increase our participation in the market. The market different than the U.S. market did not drop as dramatically as the U.S. market did. And this year, the market is actually expected to grow about 3% in the ceramic business which is a good sign. So we think we are prepared well for that marketplace and can improve our position with the new capacity and lower cost product that we are introducing and a plant setup to make those. In China, we have completed the Sanfi joint venture. The marketplace for Ceramic I think is around 75% of the foreign market. The Ceramic is about 60 billion square feet, which is about 25 greater than the U.S. marketplace. The market is fractured; the largest players in it only have 2%, 3%, 4% market shares. There is huge opportunity in growth. The company we've got together with has just built a new facility. They have one facility in South in Foshan that's about completely filled up. We built a new facility, which they were in the process of completing in the North. The capacity of the two things are close to 600 million square feet, which compared to the U.S. would be a huge capacity in the U.S. We think there are huge opportunities to improve the product line which they are focused on, basically polished porcelain. The glazed wall tile is a limited part of the marketplace but it's growing rapidly, glazed tile, unglazed tile. We believe we bring them additional styling and design. Way they are improving the operations of the business, we think we can learn from them. So far we've put in place a lot of discussions that put a new line in, in glazed to high end glazed tile, which is just starting up which we expect to start the season product from. We have started switching some of our polished porcelain purchases to them already. So we think we are well positioned in the marketplace there in the top ten of the companies. So we think we are in good position. We think that the new plant will turn up profit next year as we fill it on up. Just as a note, the first quarter is the low part of their seasonality as they take extended vacations. And the cold weather, especially in Illinois impacts the building and repair and modeling businesses up there, so the first quarter would be lower. But we think we are positioned well to take advantage of the growing marketplace, as well as a consolidation that we think is going to continue going on there. The Russian business, we started two years ago by starting to distribute tile into the Russian marketplace. We've built up a core business. We then put in local inventory to support a broader business. Presently we are expanding our customer base broader. And the plant is expected to start-up in mid next year. And we believe there is a huge opportunity to grow that from a very small business. And we believe the economy in Russian is going to continue growing, and we think we are positioned well for the initial step into that marketplace. I think all of these are good opportunities for us, and some of the will take a year or two before we see the results. So I think we are building a good infrastructure for growth opportunities in the future.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Thank you. That's a very thorough coverage of the point. I appreciate that. What would you be generating right now in revenues from those combined markets? And can you give us a sense of what your thought process might be around a 2013 or 2014 number?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Presently they are relatively small. We feel we had less than 10% of market in Mexico. The joint venture only has about 2% of the market there, even though we're like the eighth largest player in the marketplace.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Can you talk about in dollar terms?
Frank Boykin: Not at this point, but it is basically a small but growing opportunity for us David in all three of those markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan.
Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan: First question, I was hoping to drill down a little bit more on the Mohawk margins, and you know understanding that there a lot of moving pieces here. But when you talk about kind of now adjusting back prices on specific products and initiating selected promotions, how are we to think about margins for next year in that segment, given that you've come a little bit off the bottom here? Obviously, it's still a long way back to normal margins. But could we see potentially some margin compression in this segment in 2011 relative to 2010? Or do you expect this giveback on some of the price, et cetera, to be potentially offset or even more than offset by the volume leverage that you're also referring to?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think the answer is the same for all our businesses. We've spent a lot of time reducing the infrastructure costs across all the businesses. We're expecting volumes improvement in all the businesses. Our plan in all the businesses are for margin expansion next year with volume increases leveraging all the work we've done over the last couple of years. I think the answer is consistent across all of them.
Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan: Okay. And also a couple of number related detailed questions. Frank, can you give us a view for the tax rate for 2011? And also, the $1.7 million of investment, would that run through a particular segment in the operating earnings or in the other?
Frank Boykin: The first question on tax rate is looking in the low and mid-20% range going into 2011. Of course, it's going to depend on how the year turns out and how the mix is between the different regions, because we've different rates in different regions. And your other question was what?
Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan: The 1.7 million of (Shine) investment, where was that in the income statement?
Frank Boykin: Other income.
Michael Rehaut - JPMorgan: Okay. And also just interest expense for 2011, do you have an initial figure for that?
Frank Boykin: It's probably going to be in the $29 million to $30 million fourth quarter range, somewhere around there.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Two questions. First off, Jeff, your market share of the carpet business a little softer at least than the industry reports would suggest. Specifically, on the residential side, I guess in order of importance, is it more of a reflection of you keeping just being steadfast on price or is that more of a reflection of the PET under-representation? I guess where I'm getting at is, looking forward if you're looking to regain market share, which of those two particular items would be of more consequence.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think you have the right to. I think that the price onus that we had that we lost some share in some of the opening price commodity marketplace is that we reacted a little slower in the marketplace. We lost some position. And I think that is a part of it. The second is that we didn't anticipate the polyester gain quite as fast is it's moved. And we are introducing products to gain the share in that that we expect. We have changed the manufacture equipment to support it. We've put in an additional investment in extrusion and will start in the first quarter. We're introducing products actively, and I think we're well positioned to get back where we want to be.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: In terms of order of importance, the PET intros would be less margin dilutive, I would imagine, than cutting price. That's why I am asking the question in terms of the degrees of significance.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't know how to put a number on it, one you'd like.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Okay. I'll move to the next question. Frank, the four shipping days, I'm guessing that was a similar sales impact of 6% that we saw in the first quarter. How should we look at that from an earnings standpoint? Should we look at it from a contribution margin or an operating margin? And are you trying to get the effect of that on EPS?
Frank Boykin: More of an operating margin and the contribution margin. It's seasonality, Thanksgiving, Christmas time, that's going impact both the sales impact and the margin impact.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research Company.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Two questions for you. First of all on pricing. I am interested, Jeff, your perspective on the share issues or the pricing issues in carpet and Unilin, and specifically, if you think there is something structurally different where they're becoming more price-comparative categories, or if you look at it just as a cyclical factor.
Jeff Lorberbaum: On the carpet side, we had the rising raw materials going into the third quarter, and we were trying to read the various marketplaces and what was going to happen. We thought we did the right thing. And add to the fact, we (inaudible) took us a little too long to adjust. In normal cases, you go into these increases and you've to adjust for what's going on in the industry. I think it's just a normal placing in our aggressiveness to try to manage it. Where we thought maybe we were compressing the margins ourselves, we took a little more firmer stand. So I think that's just a normal course of event. The Unilin side, there has been a huge upward move in the wood prices as well as the other raw materials being used in it. And that's compressed the margins as we lag it. We thought that possibly we'd be peaking in the second quarter and it's gone up substantially since then. At this point, it does look like it's flattening out, and we have to get the pricing back in line with it. I don't think why they're going to disrupt the long-term view of the business.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: From a Unilin perspective, in terms of the competitive forces impacting that business, it seems like we continue to see lower-priced quality laminate and fake hardwood products competing against laminate. Do you have a thought on how the is profitability dynamics of that business is evolving?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The average sealing prices are coming down in the marketplace and have been. It was anticipated that that would happen in the marketplace. Within that, we typically are not as impacted as much, because we have a very limited share of the commodity products of the marketplace. Typically, the commodity products are more effective. We tend to drive our business through product differentiation, much more so than the average of the marketplace, and we spend a lot of time on innovation. So they are down a percentile, and we've cut our costs in the manufacturing and infrastructures of the businesses. We have the other segment, board businesses, which are smaller pieces. But as you go through the cyclical downturn, the costs tend to go close to cash costs. You then put back with a rising environment of cost. And over time, we expect them to come back to more normalized levels, but that's typical of where we are in the process. I think we'd continue to invest in increasing our geography. We will continue to invest in broadening the product lines with new products, the niche products, the insulation board business moving into Russia. We are actually looking in Eastern Europe to do more in those marketplaces. And we're continuing to look at other geographies around the world. So I think we're well positioned. The margins long term would be hard to hit the high teen margins like we did at one point.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: And secondly, you sound quite optimistic on 2011, margins as well as volumes. And I understand the margin optimism. But in terms of the volume optimism, especially in light of this quarter and what last quarter looked like, I'm just curious what is giving you what sounds like a little bit of incremental optimization about 2011 volumes?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We see that in 2010, we had the new construction business that's still relatively low. Every estimate that we're seeing shows 2011 new construction being better than 2010. We believe that the consumers are getting in better position from a debt basis. We believe that there is a little more optimism in the world. Spending is going up. There is a little more employment. We tend to focus on unemployment. There is a little more employment. So our assumption is that we will see some improvement in the remodeling fees as you go through. If you look at the commercial business, I think there are lot of signs that possibly we're at a bottom and that remodeling is improving. But if you take major pieces of the business, they all look like next year we will be better. The question is how much and when. Is it more difficult? But to see in the crystal ball, it looks like there is very limited view of it going down, and the question is how much will it improve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg from UBS. Your line is now open.
Susan Maklari - UBS: It's actually Susan for David. Given the fact that you're continuing to take some costs out of the business and assuming that most of the low hanging fruit has already come out of that, can you give us some idea of the choices that you're now making and how they relate to the longer-terms goals that you have for the different segments of the business?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The choices in infrastructure or capital investments? I don't exactly know where you're headed.
Susan Maklari - UBS: Where are you headed in terms of the capacity and how you think that positioned you for an eventual recovery and then also in terms of the different investments that you are making in the segments?
Jeff Lorberbaum: On the capacity side, we think we have enough capacity in place to manage the increases in volume over the next couple of years with some capital investment. We're planning to invest more next year than we did this year. This year, I think we put in about $180 million of investments. Next year, we're planning to put more in. Those will do two things. They will gives us improved costs in some places as well as where we think we have limitations in capacity. They will take care of those as we go through. When you look at the whole marketplace, we think that there are opportunities to participate in world markets better. You heard the explanation over the three in China, Russia and Mexico. We are looking in other marketplaces in different product categories and various ones going through. We haven't concluded in any of them, but we continue to look at those. And I think we're positioned well with the capital support for whatever we need.
Susan Maklari - UBS: And then just kind of building on and I know that it's still maybe a little early, but how do we think about for the CapEx trends especially for next year. Given the investments that you're making, especially like the new Mexico plant, that sounds like it will probably start to be a project that comes next year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In all of those pieces we've already started investing.
Frank Boykin: The investment like Jeff said, Susan, next year is going to be higher than it is this year. We've not been into budgeting yet. So we don't have a number or an exact number to give you. But as we said, we do have the tile plant that has been started or rather they had found a site and they're going to start on that next year. And so that's probably going to be $65 million to $70 million to build that. And we are starting, as Jeff had mentioned, the Russian laminate plant and that's probably about $30 million investment in total, with a portion of that in this year and then a portion of it in next year. And then we've got some other projects that we're looking at too. We just need to add them all up in the cycle, we want to go through with or not.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East from Ticonderoga Securities.
Stephen East - Ticonderoga Securities: Jeff, you talked a lot about the forward prices looked like they peaked in Europe. Can you give us little idea of what's going on in the U.S. for the oil based products? Oil started to move up again? Are you seeing anything or have we basically flattened and started to turn down there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The third quarter were relatively stable, and likely we started to see increases in raw materials at the moment we're watching the oil prices and the chemical prices trying to turn in other long-term impact. At this point, we're still evaluating and then trying to decide what pricing considerations we need to do if any.
Stephen East - Ticonderoga Securities: Frank, I guess this is directed to you. If I look at the fourth quarter, what's your guidance was 53 to 63. From your prior guidance on tax rates et cetera, it looks like about a nickel was coming at it, because of the tax rate. And then four fewer selling days, I just look at it, and is that about $60 million revenue impact. And I was thinking about it 20% to 25% margin hit, which led me to around $0.10 or $0.15 impact in quarter. Am I thinking about those two issues properly?
Frank Boykin: Like I said earlier, with the holiday season at the end of the fourth quarter now and we had just such a difficult time with sales trailing off. I think like we said before 4% to 5%, 5% to 6% less than what it would have been otherwise with the fewer days. And in the margins, they're going to be lower in the second half of the quarter than they are in the first half of the quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We did have to build on a seasonal change as it normally occurs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Cowen & Company.
Laura Champine - Cowen & Company: Jeff, when you talk about giving up a little bit of share against pricing. Your more aggressive competitors, were they small players, it might be a little desperate at this point in the cycle or was it your larger competitors, who just saw an opportunity.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's normal that prices move around. It's normal that after you announce some, there are adjustments in the marketplace at all levels. I think we were a little more firm in what we were doing, trying to lead the marketplace and determine whether we were causing it or whether we were following it. And I think it took us a little longer to react than normal. And we suffered a little bit because of it. I think it was a good learning experience.
Laura Champine with Cowen & Company: I know you've been through similar things before, Jeff. I mean, how does it take to regain share and where does that put us in 2011 in terms of share in the Mohawk carpet business?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We'll see some improvements with commitments that we have given on the first part of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill from Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Just the first question, Frank, can you talk sort of longer-term tax rate. I know a few years ago you had some different tax planning impacts that we're going to linger for a couple of years. Can you give us any update on where you might be a couple of years out assuming in a normal mix of international versus domestic business?
Frank Boykin: Yes, a normal mix of international-domestic strategy we have in place assuming that none of the tax laws that changed here are overseas, I mean kind of the low-to-mid 20% range.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: And secondly, when we think about the different businesses over the next year or two without the cost saving measures you had in place, can you just review what normal incremental margins look like by segment, and how that might differ in the early stages of the recovery?
Frank Boykin: I'm not sure I've got it broken down Dennis right here in front of me in that level of detail for those different time periods, but we can talk afterwards and I can go through it with you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: As the quarter progressed end of October, have you noticed any changes in the pace of business specifically in residential in the U.S. and in Europe?
Frank Boykin: I can't say that we've seen any dramatic changes in one direction or the other.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Second question on the ceramic tile business, Dal-Tile, are you starting to see the upturn there in commercial? I know there are in a lot of things besides office where all the strength seems to be at this point. But as in the hospitality and restaurant, things like that, has that business started to improve?
Frank Boykin: We have started to see improvements in the various channels. You have to understand that the ceramic business versus the carpet business, for instance, there is a significantly greater part of it in new construction. Remember that lags coming in, the ceramic business held up better coming into it and it tends to lag a little more coming out. We are seeing across broad channels more things going on with people starting putting projects back in and starting to upgrade them. It's just sort of across the board. And that's something that we're seeing in the institutional piece and the educational pieces and we're still seeing other parts of the business improve. So how that translates completely and keeps going, that's anybody's guess.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh from Stifel Nicolaus.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Mohawk segment, polyester and this shift, Jeff, is this something that when you look at it? Because you have the exclusive, I believe, on Triexta at least on the residential side, is this something that helps Mohawk, or has the rush to commodity polyester, or assume you don't have the same presence hurt you? And then how much of the CapEx in '10 and '11 is going into polyester via extrusion capacity?
Frank Boykin: There's really in each one of the different marketplace, the Triexta is basically positioned versus nylon rather being positioned versus the PTT. And so the PTT is a separate market that I think we were surprised that the rapidness of its growth we participate in it. And we need to participate in more of the asset that we putting in for exclusion are flexible. And they can make any of the various raw materials required. So as the market shifts, we can shift between them.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The number you had asked for between this year and next year is in the 50 to 60 range for extrusion capacity.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Total?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. Both years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Pollard from Goldman Sachs.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs: I just wanted to understand your strategy on pricing versus market share in the Mohawk segment? You said that today's prices felt like you did it maybe too aggressively. Are you pulling that back to get your market share in place? If you look at your other two segments, you said that costs started to creep up too fast, had its impact on margins and now you guys are looking to raise prices to recover the margin? I am trying to understand which is of most importance to you as you look out to 2011 keeping your margins or keeping your market share, I recognize that having both would be great, but in this environment, I would love to understand what the strategy is?
Frank Boykin: The goal is to recover the cost and make sure we positioned well. You have to break the different markets down. And as you go through the different value propositions, the more commoditized the market, the more defines the market is. And so in the lower end of the marketplace, if you want to compete in it, you have to be competitive with the alternatives in the marketplace and we intend to be so. In the other product categories, it depends on what value you bring in to the marketplace, its style, design, service quality et cetera. And we are supposed to have the prices of the products to reflect the value we're putting in.
Joshua Pollard - Goldman Sachs: And then, I guess, my second question would be, in your prepared comments, you said that you expect material prices to stabilize. Could you give us a bit more detail on exactly which materials are you expecting to remain stable in 2011 within your outlook for higher margins next year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: What's happening is each of the different businesses have different materials and different pieces. The comment there was around the Unilin segment. The Unilin segment has a major part of their costs are based on the wood prices. The wood prices in U.S. and Europe has gone up dramatically, and we believe that those prices are at high levels. In the short term, we think that will stay at those levels for the near term. And the question is as you move through next year, if the wood supply would move off the peak levels they're at. There's a possibility that our plans at the moment are that they'll stay at those levels. On the Eastern Europe businesses, they are different ones.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Reichardt from Wells Fargo Securities.
Carl Reichardt - Wells Fargo Securities: Jeff, you talked in previous quarters about the trade down in the carpet segment and mix in particular. I am curious if you think that's basically evaded now? And your overall mix in residential, carpet is normalized, like you'd expect to see in a more normal environment, or have you still got a larger mix of the lower end stuff moving through?
Jeff Lorberbaum: There are two separate pieces to the question. One is that in general, the marketplace has pushed more value products to the consumer that they think the consumer is looking forward to. And so all the different levels of the industry are trying to get lower price points to bring customers in to their retail establishments. And so that's impacting the general mix. There is a second mix question. As the raw materials have gone up, the industry is losing from the historical nylon and polypropylene raw materials more to PET, which is a lower cost alternative to making the same thing. So as the industry moves to more PET, that will be a lower value cost product than the equivalent nylon that we're seeing the trends. And that will continue as long as the differentials between the other categories remain where they are.
Carl Reichardt - Wells Fargo Securities: Is China for you now, the Foshan and Mongolia plant, is this all residential or mostly residential at this point? And what's your expectation of the res-commercial mix as you look out a couple of years there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I am not sure I have that answer right now. They use a lot of the same products going for both categories. And the biggest part of those direct markets is in Thailand. And they like the way it looks. In the U.S. market, there is the same thing. They're at the high end of the marketplace due labor that's in them. So I don't really know the percent here. What we look at in both cases is that the amount of homes are increasing, the size and quality of homes are increasing. So that market still has a lot of potential. And in the commercial business, the infrastructure and new businesses continue to expand. They may be trying to slow it down a little bit now, but it's still going to continue at significant growth rate. And we think flooring will continue to grow at a greater rate in the general economy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall from RBC.
Bob Wetenhall - RBC: If you had to rank it, are you more concerned in 2011 about weaker volume or higher input cost?
Jeff Lorberbaum: As you heard from the prior pieces, we're fairly confident that volume will improve. The question is how much and when. So the raw material cost, there is tremendous pressure across all commodities today as we've ended up with worldwide markets. And where used to be an island in the raw material and commodity costs to go up and down with the U.S., what we're seeing is that worldwide markets of the U.S., capacities are being exported or being balanced out around the world. And we're going to have to adapt to that in all markets and all product categories.
Bob Wetenhall - RBC: I am just trying to understand more specifically if you experienced a demand recovery, I assume that would be accompanied by more demand for input materials as well, which could put upward pressure on your input costs. And I am just trying to understand if that occurs, I assume the cost would move up before you can take pricing? What can you do to offset that lag?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Off setting the lag is going to be difficult. What you've heard is in the wood business, we believe that increased commodity cost is already here, and we're dealing with it as we speak. You had also heard that in the Mohawk segment, we're starting to see some of it, and it's a little too early to tell what's going to happen to it, because it's been volatile. And so we're evaluating, as we speak. In the ceramic side, we talked about a large part of our products are FOB destination. So those raw materials, the gas to manufacture it which is still relatively at reasonable prices, and then you have the transportation costs where we deliver locally. And you heard us saying we've announced prices to push through the transportation costs. So I think that there's potential that have raw material inflation in the Mohawk's segment. But it's a little early to tell where it's going to end up or not. And the other ones we are having it and we are acting upon it as we speak.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Mitchell with Scopus Asset Management.
Alex Mitchell - Scopus Asset Management: I just wondered if I could ask you a big picture question. As you expand into other markets around the world, are you all concerned about your ability to control the fluctuations in those markets, as well as you've controlled it here in the U.S. Obviously a very hand on approach moderating up and down production and cost.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Our approach as we move into different marketplace has been to find local management. I think it's probably the most important thing that we have to find, is the right management group that understands it. And I think that we believed that taking the same decision-making processes and overlaying them in different cultures and different environments is a mistake. And what we try to do is allowing ourselves with management that understand those and then take the philosophies we have that we think are good, and review those with philosophies they think are good. Because many times they have many ideas also we haven't considered. And we try to combine those rather than take a formula and overlay it over the top of anything. And if you look at our European business I think that it shows there how we operate the business and what we do. And I think it's the right approach.
Alex Mitchell - Scopus Asset Management: So it sounds like you're going to more volatile economies than you have in Europe or in the U.S.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, it would be hard to be more volatile than we have been in the last three years.
Operator: This concludes today's Q&A session. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We appreciate everyone joining us. We'll continue to manage the business and take the actions we think are appropriate for the long-term viability of the business. We continue investing in both the U.S. market as well as internationally, and we think we have lot of opportunities going forward. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Lorberbaum  Chairman and CEO Frank Boykin  CFO
Analysts: Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research David MacGregor  Longbow Research Laura Champine  Cowen and Company Dennis McGill  Zelman Associates John Baugh  Stifel Nicolaus David Goldberg  UBS Dan Oppenheim  Credit Suisse Stephen East  Ticonderoga Securities Joshua Pollard  Goldman Sachs Keith Hughes  SunTrust Arnold Brief  Goldsmith & Harris
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Tracy and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries first quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer period. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, April 30th, 2010. Thank you. I would like to now introduce Mr. Lorberbaum. You may begin your conference.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. Welcome to our first quarter conference call for Mohawk Industries. With me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review or Safe Harbor statement and later the financial results.
Frank Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 which is subject to various risks and uncertainties including but not limited to those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include a discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our press release at the investor information section of our web site for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Our first quarter earnings per share were $0.30, which exceeded our expectations. Earnings per share were $0.35, excluding restructuring charges of $4 million from activities we initiated in 2009. Our earnings were higher than expected as the economic cycle has bottomed and we had more favorable cost reductions in foreign exchange. First quarter sales were $1.3 billion, which was a 2% increase from 2009 adjusted sales or a 1% increase with a constant exchange rate. As discussed in the quarter, we have four more shipping days or about a 6% impact. Our cash position and liquidity remains strong with over $450 million in cash and a capital structure that supports our business. Our net debt to total capital ratio was 28% and net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio was 2.2 times. More signs are pointing towards an economic recovery with consumer spending, housing and GDP all rising. Existing single family home sales increased compared to the prior year for ten consecutive months, which will benefit our residential remodeling business. Residential vacancy rates have peaked, home prices have stabilized and housing starts continue to improve. In addition, the forecasted U.S. population growth indicates long-term housing demand will continue to increase. Our first quarter sales were flat, compared to the fourth quarter due to an improving residential business. Additionally, the product mix appears to have stabilized from the fourth quarter throughout our business. Our European business is starting to show improvement following the economy. The commercial end markets continue under pressure and they are expected to remain difficult throughout the year. Continued economic growth is forecasted and should benefit our business in the second half of this year. Frank, could you give the financial report?
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Net sales of $1.347 billion grew 2% over last year's adjusted sales or 1% on a constant exchange rate basis. As we discussed last quarter, we had four additional days in 2010, positively impacting our sales by about 6%. Residential continues to show improvement with commercial still declining. Our gross profit was 25.6% after excluding $4 million of restructuring charges we incurred during the quarter. We improved over 2009 due to higher plant utilization. We were also impacted favorably by lower costs and the impact of last year's restructuring activities. SG&A of $287 million was 21.3% of sales. It was down $13 million or 5% over last year. Restructuring and cost-cutting benefits favorably impacted our SG&A this quarter. Restructuring charges of $4 million included $3 million in Mohawk segment and $1 million in the Unilin segment. These were both representing restructuring activities that began last year. Our operation income excluding charges was $58 million or 4.3% of sales. That compares to last year's 3.2% of sales. Our margin improved with lower costs this year. Interest expense of $34 million was higher this year, primarily due to the new bank facility we put in place in the second half of last year. In the second quarter of this year, we completed a tender purchase of $200 million of our outstanding bonds. We paid a premium in the second quarter of $7 million to buy those bonds back. We should have interest savings of about $3 million each quarter starting in the second quarter of this year with a pretax total savings net of the premium of about $2 million. Our other income this year in the first quarter was favorable, due to about $4 million of favorable foreign exchange. Our income tax rate for the quarter, excluding charges was 13%. We estimate that the rate for the rest of the year will be in the low to mid-teens. In addition, during the second quarter of this year, as we had discussed earlier we received a tax refund of $55 million which was net of payments that we had made for some other tax issues. Our earnings per share excluding charges was $0.35 a share for the quarter. If we move to the segments, the Mohawk segment sales were $717 million or about 2% better than last year. The residential business was impacted favorably as the industry improved and our growing polyester and SmartStrand Sorona business also favorably impacted the quarter. Operating income, excluding charges was $20 million or 2.7% of sales, up from last year's 1%. We were favorably impacted by lower cost and improved sales. However, higher raw materials were a head wind for us during the quarter. In the Dal-Tile segment sales were $341 million or down about 5% from last year. They have a higher concentration of commercial business which unfavorably impacted them for the quarter. However, the Mexican business continued strong performance as a bright spot for the quarter. Operating income excluding charges was $15 million or 4.5% of sales. The volume and mix decline both impacted operating income for the quarter. In the Unilin segment sales were $306 million, up about 14%. However, if you look at it on a constant exchange rate basis, sales would have been up 9%. Both the U.S. and the European businesses we believe are at the bottom of the cycle and Europe is showing some improvement. Our operating income excluding charges was $27 million or 9% of sales, compared to 7% of sales last year. We were favorably impacted by FX by $1 million in the quarter. In addition, better volume and lower costs also helped our margins. In Corporate, the operating loss are $5 million and we estimate a full-year loss of $20 million to $25 million which is in line with the prior year. If we jump to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash of $452 million. That's down about $80 million from December. This is primarily due to an increase of receivables, which are up as our business has improved throughout the quarter. Receivables ended the quarter at $788 million which represents 46 days, which is also an improvement over last year's 47 days. Inventories ended the quarter at $933 million, which represents turns of four times which is an improvement over last year's $3.8 turns. The inventories increased from the end of last year by $40 million. However, about 75% of that increase is represented by raw material inflation. Fixed assets of $1.7 billion include capital expenditures this quarter of $23 million and depreciation and amortization of $77 million. We have increased our full year capital expenditure guidance to $180 million, which includes additional extrusion capacity that we'll be putting in. Our depreciation amortization estimate for the year is about $300 million. Our long-term debt ended the quarter at $1.855 billion, our net debt at $1.403 billion and our net debt to EBITDA ratio at 2.2 times. During the quarter, we settled a lawsuit alleging wage suppression for an immaterial amount to Mohawk and it had no impact on results in this quarter as it was recorded in previous periods. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. During the first quarter we've introduced innovative new products, enhanced manufacturing and distribution processes, reduced the cost structure further and improved quality throughout the business. We continue to invest in product innovation by introducing new products including carpets from our proprietary SmartStrand fiber and Reveal Imaging and Ceramic to provide new designs and performance features for today's consumers. We're implementing new systems in our distribution, customer and sales force management to improve our service and our efficiency of the organization. The G&A manufacturing, distribution and infrastructure reductions initiated last year will enhance the cost structure and profitability of our business as demand increases. Our restructuring and cost-cutting efforts are positively impacting results in the first quarter. We purchased $200 million of our bonds in April that will save cash as well as improve earnings this year. We will de-lever our balance sheet further as we generate cash this year and prepare to retire our 2011 bond. Both rating agencies upgraded their outlook of Mohawk to stable in recognition of our strong cash flow and the improving economy. Our Mohawk segment sales were up 2%, compared to adjusted sales last year. The industry is lagging the overall economy as compressed housing pricing reduced consumer remodeling. We're leading the industry and satisfying the customer's desires for softer fibers, utilizing soft fusion nylon, using extra soft polyester and proprietary SmartStrand fibers. Consumer tests show our SmartStrand Sorona carpets are the softest products available in the marketplace and are favored by our consumers. Mohawk's Etchware, part of our bio-based SmartStrand carpet collection was recently voted the number one carpet choice by retailers in 2010. Our new product collections are reaching the retailer's floors earlier this year and should enhance our position. Changes in the markets for fiber and carpet continue to evolve as polyester has increased in value relative to alternative fibers and our SmartStrand Triexta expanded due to enhanced softness and performance features. Due to these market changes, we'll be investing in additional extrusion capacity to meet the changing demand for fiber. This capacity will be available early next year. Restructurings initiated in 2009 in both carpet and backing plants are substantially compete and are generating cost savings in the business. We've increased the amount of recycled raw material content being used in our carpets, which provides a sustainability benefit to the consumer. Innovative process changes have reduced our conversion costs and improved product quality. The 4% to 6% carpet price increase announced in December will be fully implemented in the second quarter. All of our raw materials have increased farther than we anticipated in the first quarter with commodity and transportation costs continuing to rise. Consistent with past changes and costs, we've recently announced an additional carpet price increase of 5% to 7% to recover the change in material costs. Our Dal-Tile sales were down 5% in the quarter due to the impact of new home construction and a commercial market in the ceramic business. Our market share remains strong and is about five times larger than our nearest competitor. In this difficult environment our product innovation, superior marketing and strong distribution have enhanced our market position. Our Reveal Imaging technology creates random patterns only seen in nature. Using this technology, our new San Michele product offers the industry's most realistic stone visuals and was also voted Best Ceramic Tile by retailers this year. The test on our new clip technology for ceramic, which does not require grout, is being easily installed by consumers without any problems. We continue to develop the process to improve the productivity and efficiency. We've updated our stone tile offering with additional products at lower price points to satisfy today's value conscious consumer. To improve placement and sales of our new product introductions, we've recently completed local shows and web casts to train over 500 distributor representatives. In the first quarter, the Mexican ceramic industry turned positive, growing 3% and we continue to outpace the industry, improving our market share. The broadening of our product offering and customer base should enable us to continue growing our share of the Mexican market this year. Dal-Tile Mexico was awarded the special accountability award for ethics, environmental stewardship and community involvement by the Mexican center for philanthropy which is sponsored by the government. Process improvements in tile manufacturing has resulted in increased productivity and quality. New investments have increased capacity and reduced cost in color mixing, glaze and trim production. New distribution systems are lowering our costs with improved productivity, more direct shipments, higher utilization rates and more economical modes. The Unilin sales improved 14% as reported, or 19% on a constant exchange rate. Our operating margin for the quarter was 9% and our EBITDA margin was 21%. Our European business in the period performed better than the fourth quarter, even with more severe weather affecting the business and difficulty in some local economies. We saw improvements in the Western European market as well as Russia. In the U.S., business conditions appeared to have bottomed and our customers are more optimistic about the future. 85 market shows were completed across Europe, showcasing our laminate and wood products with positive results. In Europe, sales of our 2 liter laminate planks are continuing to grow as a premium alternative in the market. New products using our GenuEdge technology have the most natural wood looks ever introduced in the laminate flooring category. We're testing new printing technology for high end laminate products that does not use printed paper layers like most products today. A new wood flooring technology to produce elegant distressed wood surfaces is being utilized for our new introductions. Demand for our board products continues to improve and is increasing capacity utilization of our plants. We've implemented price increases on board during the first quarter but raw materials have escalated faster than our prices. We continue to raise board prices further in the second quarter which should improve our margins in the future. Our roofing elements are still negative due to the more severe weather and low new construction in our European markets. In the U.S., a hardwood price increase of 3% to 4% has been implemented to offset the costs of rising lumber. The residential category is expected to improve as we proceed through the year while the commercial business is expected to remain difficult. This year, we've already increased prices of carpet, wood flooring, boards and vinyl. We're presently implementing second price increases above carpet and board products to offset material inflation but the lag will negatively impact the second quarter. The future period should improve as we come out of our seasonally slower first quarter. Our second quarter guidance for earnings is $0.60 to $0.68 per share which excludes the cost of purchasing our bonds. In summary, Mohawk delivered a solid performance in the quarter with continued low volume impacting our results. The infrastructure improvements, cost reductions and product innovations we've implemented will benefit us as we move through the year. We're well positioned to take advantage of the economic recovery which is just beginning. Our balance sheet remains strong and our capital structure has ample liquidity to allow financial flexibility. We're committed to deliver sustainable growth and increase the value of our company over the long term. With that, we'll be glad to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: Good morning Jeff, Frank. How are you?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good, how are you Sam?
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: Talk about a couple of things. First off, commercial versus residential price increases, are they roughly the same level? Are the timing of them different? You have different end market dynamics in terms of demand happening there. What are your thoughts there, Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: There are commercial increases going on. The commercial increases get implemented slightly different. With a specified marketplace it is on a job-by-job basis. You typically don't see the increases. We just put out the increases as Mohawk's in the same way we do the other as (inaudible) has done it. But we believe that the price increases will be in similar ranges, maybe a little less than the residential ones in general.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: And Frank, could you help quantify the restructuring savings in the quarter, the benefit the year-on-year restructuring savings?
Frank Boykin: Sam, what we've said is we've incurred about $60 million of costs and write-offs last year and that we thought we've get about a year and a half payback on those and we got a portion of that last year and the rest of it is falling into this year, throughout the year. And so it'll be about $30 million for the full year, this year.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: $30 million savings for the full year?
Frank Boykin: Correct.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: And then Q1 does that ramp as the year progresses or is that pretty steady all throughout the offering?
Frank Boykin: I think it'll ramp up as the year progresses.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: Any sense of the benefit from FIFO inventory accounting usage versus LIFO or average cost?
Frank Boykin: No. We don't really keep up with LIFO anymore since we're not on it.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: Okay. And then, I guess the last question. At retail, there's a lot of favorable benefits from some creative promotions at retail such as whole house installations and the such. What do you think the promotional environment or calendar might look like after the May price increases go through and how price sensitive do you believe the consumer is right now, Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: All of our retailers are pushing value propositions, which has reduced the mix of the products in all the different categories. With the volume where it was, everyone has been hesitant to promote anything other than price. So when they come in the store, there is a heavy direction towards lower value products. Typically, as you go through these recoveries what happens is, the consumers really don't want the lowest value thing they can get. They really have the desire for the best quality and products they can afford. And so as you change those things typically improve and the mix typically improves as we go through the recovery.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research: Good morning.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research: Two questions for you. You had indicated that the quarter was better than expected and I'm just wondering if you can narrow that in a little bit to say, was that on the revenue or margin line and in what area?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, I think it was spread across all of the areas, Eric. The easiest ones start off with FX was more favorable than we had anticipated and probably was $0.05 value. And then the rest of the benefit or the improvement is going to be spread between slightly better sales and better margins and lower costs.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research: On the sales line, as we work through the year, it seems like the commentary is that residential is where the improvement is. Am I hearing you right to suggest that sales in residential will show up mostly in the Mohawk segment, that we should start to see some sales growth in 2Q? Can you just give us a little sense of is that the right direction or the right timing?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't have any magic crystal balls about the future. We have about a two week backlog in the residential business because we ship the stuff so quickly. So anything we give you is just pulled out of the air. We believe that it's going to continue improving in the piece. We've in vetted in our estimates and improvement. We have the timing of those improvements. We can't estimate them much better than you can. We believe that by the second half we'll see significant improvement in the residential remodeling business. You have the new construction business that we can see the starts picking up. Since our products are almost the last thing that go in, we won't feel it until the end of the third quarter or the fourth quarter as the homes become almost complete. So, most of the benefit we'll see in the latter part of the year in new home construction. Our present estimates are that the commercial business will stay difficult through this year. We're anticipating a bottom out and next year they'll turn positive. But the exact timing in a month-to-month piece, we're just guessing same as you.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research: Within which we can't see but within the quarter and within the short backlog you have, has the replacement business shown progress?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It has shown some improvement. It is obfuscated in the way we see it because given these price increases we've done, people try to beat the price increases and make it difficult to read exactly what's happening in the demand level on the streets.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research: And then lastly, in terms of what's happened with input costs in this second round of pricing, you seem to suggest that 2Q, the timing would not be perfectly matched. By the time we get to 3Q, will you have matched up price and costs that allow for more favorable margin performance?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We should have the second increase. Some of it probably won't be completely implemented until some part at the start of the third quarter. So it will be somewhere in that neighborhood.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research. Your line is open.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Yes, good morning everyone.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning David.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Just to follow-up on Eric's question, what's the expected negative impact to 2Q from the raw materials?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We haven't quantified that or talked about it on the call here but it's going to be a drag on the quarter a little bit until we get the price increase implemented.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Okay. How much are your raw materials up year-over-year for you right now? You talked in your inventory about $30 million of inflation in the inventory. I'm wondering how it impacts on year-over-year basis, first quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We announced 4% to 7% price increase in the category. Typically, we have much more of it in the lower end of the business and typically we don't get all of it. So we need about a 3% to 4% price increase to cover it on average and we get through. And what we said about the amount of the increase we have in the second one, the second one is a little bit higher than the first one than. We need in the [ph] second one.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Okay, all right. I'm just wondering with these price increases, if you're trying to get in front of anticipated raw material cost inflation or are you trying to keep up with what your suppliers are putting in front of you?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We make estimates of what we think they're going to be. Most of the raw materials are the large pieces we have that fluctuate month to month. So we're anticipating that in the future, given the volatility of commodities and oil prices, I can tell you there our estimates in December, when we put them together weren't too good. Our basis today is we believe we've anticipated where they're going to be. Our assumptions are that we think they're going to level out and hopefully we won't need anymore but we'll have to see what happens.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Just, with respect to mix, there has been some discussion with an earlier question about mix. What was the impact year-over-year on revenues and margins from the weaker mix?
Frank Boykin: Let's see. We don't really break out mix separate from price because it's difficult to do that. But it's probably in the low to mid single digit area.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: For price and mix together or just mix?
Frank Boykin: Yes, its price and mix together.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Okay, and then last question, just on Unilin, 9% year-over-year growth looks pretty good. I know you've got a lot going on in that segment. Can you just update us on what percentage of Unilin is actually laminate flooring?
Jeff Lorberbaum: About two-thirds of the business is what we call the laminate flooring industry, the category, which would include the board business that supports that. It also includes the licensing pieces and everything else that has to do with that. And the rest of the business is made up of a roofing business and another board business. The board business has started improving. As the volume has gone up, the capacity utilization of the plants have gone up significantly in the first quarter. The problem we're having is they're all wood based materials as well as the chemicals that go into glue and we're lagging in the pricing on those. We've put through a price increase in the first quarter, and we've announced a second one for the second quarter. So we hope by the third quarter we'll have the pricing aligned with the costs with it. The roofing structure  it's a roofing structure business where we make custom made roofing structures. It suffered during the first quarter due to the lower construction going on, as well as the weather has impacted it. The more severe weather has impacted it. So it was negative in the period. It should improve as we go forward.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Okay, last question, Just nylon versus polyester mix within carpet. Can you give us a rough sense of where that is today?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't have the percent in front of me. What's happening is that the polyester prices have increased less than the nylon prices or the polypropylene prices and the commodities that support each have changed. What's happening is the industry is moving the mix from the other categories of polyester. We are investing more and putting those in place.
':
Frank Boykin: Yes, just give me a call David and I'll give you more specific numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Laura Champine  Cowen and Company: Frank, I'm wondering if you've got the unit numbers by segment in front of you this morning.
Frank Boykin: Maybe, Laura, if you want to call me back, I've got them. But rather than take up time here if you call me back I can go through those with you. That might be the easiest way to it.
Laura Champine  Cowen and Company: And then driving  the laminate segment showed stronger growth and profits than we were looking for. Do you think that you're taking share in Europe, because that's what it looks like from our perspective and if so, what's driving share gains?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that our laminate business in Europe is positioned differently than the average market. In Europe, what happened is that we're positioned mostly in the mid to high range. We have started taking business. We've been talking about the last quarter too of expanding our channels and going into the lower end of the marketplace and we're doing things to do that. Our goal is not to become the commodity supplier in the marketplace though because we've spent a lot of effort in creating innovation in the marketplace. Those things have positively impacted our margin versus the mix of the industry as a whole. On the other hand, last year when the consumers were moving to more pricing, we were suffering a little bit with that strategy and the mix of the products, the low end was doing a little better than the high end. I think that we're performing well versus the marketplace.
Frank Boykin: The other thing to point out here, too, Laura on the Unilin results is, they were 9% up topline year-over-year on a constant exchange rate basis but if you adjust it through a constant day's basis, its just 2% to 3% up.
Laura Champine  Cowen and Company: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill from Zelman Associates. Your line is open.
Dennis McGill  Zelman Associates: Good morning guys, thank you. So first question on pricing, the comments about the first increase in the Mohawk segment being fully implemented by the second quarter, that doesn't imply that you actually got the full amount, right? It goes back to your comments of you're getting a portion of that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: When you say the full amount, there's a mix that goes into it. So we announced a price increase of X and typically there's more of it at the lower end than the higher end because of the mix of the industry and the prices and then we do lose some of it as we go through in different places as we adapt to market conditions.
Dennis McGill  Zelman Associates:
 :
Jeff Lorberbaum: Actually somewhere in the middle of it, we'll have implemented all that will be gotten.
Dennis McGill  Zelman Associates: Okay. On the Dal-Tile, I'm realizing margins are being impacted by volumes there. Aside from the volume impact, can you help us think about margins through the end of the year as to whether you could see some improvement there based on some of the initiatives you have in place, absent a recovery in volume?
Frank Boykin: First off, remember the first quarter seasonally is the slowest. So just the fact you're going into seasonally better quarters than the last three, you'll see some improvement from that in the third quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And third quarter typically, they have the vacation period.
Frank Boykin: You're talking Dal-Tile or Unilin?
Dennis McGill  Zelman Associates: Dal-Tile please.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Dal-Tile. The Dal-Tile, we have the normal seasonal uptick that we're going have. The thing that's different in Dal-Tile is, Dal-Tile as we went into the recession, it lagged coming in. The lag was caused because we have a higher commercial business. And with that, as we come out of it, that higher commercial business is going to cause it to probably trail a little bit on the other end. So we're expecting it to trail a little bit because we have about  almost 40% of the business is in commercial.
Dennis McGill  Zelman Associates: I appreciate the non res [ph] and the sequential improvements. I guess what I'm thinking about is year-over-year and maybe if we look at it annually as opposed to by quarter, based on the initiatives you guys have put in place and some of the cost takeouts, could you see margins actually up in that business year-over-year even without an improvement in revenue or volume?
Frank Boykin: I don't think you're going to see margins year-over-year in Dal-Tile. I don't think that will happen. I think sequentially you'll see improvement in margins.
Dennis McGill  Zelman Associates: Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess, just lastly within the 2Q guidance of $0.60 to $0.68, can you just talk about what the assumption is for revenue there roughly? As far as growth rate?
Frank Boykin: We generally don't give out that. We just guide for the earnings per share and then as we have said before, the real challenge we have is coming up with an outlook beyond a month or two because we just don't have a lot of visibility. So we just limit our guidance to the earnings per share.
Dennis McGill  Zelman Associates: Okay, all right. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
John Baugh  Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning. Congratulations. Quickly, what percentage now of Mohawk's division is soft surface versus hard surface roughly?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The great majority of it is in soft surface. There is a hard surface business that has not a bigger impact because the hard surfaces tend to have a more larger portion of the new home construction business in them and maybe if you call Frank back, we'll get you a better view of the percentage.
John Baugh  Stifel Nicolaus: Could you comment, Jeff, on how you performed,  we have a feel for industry data in carpet and rug in the quarter  and bifurcate your comments between commercial and residential?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think in general, we performed in line with the industry. I think that the residential business might have been slightly better and the commercial might have been slightly worse but they're close in total, when you adjust for all the days and the different product categories in the pieces.
John Baugh  Stifel Nicolaus: And then how many pounds of polyester were you extruding coming into the year, with all the capacity you're going to add, roughly how much coming out or some sense of how much of a commitment you're making to that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: All the extrusion equipment we're buying, and all that was bought in the last X years is flexible to do either or so that it's not a one way street to commitment. Where the industry's having problems with extrusion is in the '90's when polypropylene was so great. A large portion of the capacity that was put in for polypropylene didn't have the capabilities of making the other fibers. And so the industry is having to realign and put capacity in to make white yarns of nylon polyester or either one and then we have the additional piece of the Triexta fiber which is a growing piece of our high end residential business. It's becoming a core port of that high end business.
John Baugh  Stifel Nicolaus: So do you have a feel Jeff, for how many pounds of polyester/nylon extrusion or just a percentage increase of your existing polyester.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Why don't you give Frank a call? We'll get back to numbers on the fiber mix and we'll be glad to give it to you.
John Baugh  Stifel Nicolaus: All right, is there anything you need to do with any nylon staple capacity?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We shut down the majority of it because there is none [ph] left. We have  most of what's left is now being used polyester staple. It has a longer, a different value proposition than the nylon did. And so we believe it will still have value on going out. It will be under pressure by the others. We are using more of the capacity to actually use the resins to put in filament polyester that we're using from bottles and we'll continue growing that as we go forward.
Frank Boykin: John, just to follow up on your question on hard surfaces in the Mohawk segment, remember we have rugs, (inaudible) carpet, commercial and residential and hard surface and hard surface is in the kind of 10% range of the building.
John Baugh  Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg from UBS. Your line is open.
David Goldberg  UBS: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
David Goldberg  UBS: The first question has to do with how your thinking about  I know Jeff made comments about (inaudible) by the time the 2011 debt is coming due, how you're thinking about debt retirement versus potentially refinancing in this market and the kind of cash usage, cash needs you're going to need going forward and why that makes sense?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think that we'll be able to generate enough cash to pay for the 2011.
Frank Boykin: Between cash and using our bank facility, we think we can generate enough cash and have enough availability on that to take care of the remaining $300 million on the 2011s.
David Goldberg  UBS: I guess the question is, as you look forward at the other maturities and other possible decisions around your capital structure, how are you thinking about that? Is it that kind of a as they come take care of it kind of question how you essentially think about the.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We continue to look over the different options. Basically today, we're not using any short-term debt. So the capital structure, we do need more short-term debt in it. On the other hand, what's happening, we'd like to push up the short-term debt as a proportion of the total. On the other hand, the money available today is at reasonable rates and readily available and we continue to re-evaluate periodically. We want to change the structure and do it. We won't need any money till next year to pay off the other debts. Unless we do some significant investments we don't have on the sheet today and we continue reanalyzing both those things as those conditions change.
Frank Boykin: It's an ongoing process. We're continuing to look at all of the different alternatives.
David Goldberg  UBS: Is the presumption then that the working capital needs, as we moved through the year, if we get some stability on can that be significant?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We believe that we can handle them within the financial structures that we have, unless we make a significant change in either an investment or acquisitions or starting up something that's not on the plan today.
Frank Boykin: And we think we've got alternatives available on this market to address any kind of issue that comes along.
David Goldberg  UBS: Okay, great. Thanks guys. Great quarter.
Frank Boykin: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Dan Oppenheim  Credit Suisse: Thanks very much. Was wondering if you can talk a little bit about any potential for pushing through further price increases? Does your expectation of the tradeoff or the reversal of the trade down that we've seen into the more commoditized areas aid your thoughts of being able to push prices as we move through the recovery?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You're looking at additional price increases?
Dan Oppenheim  Credit Suisse: Well, just thinking about it, just as we saw the trade down and some more commoditized price areas where there is some price pressure as we reverse that. Does that help your ability to push pricing?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that as we trade up, when's going to happen is the product mix  we make more money on some of the higher end stuff than we do on the little commoditized lower end. So as the mix changes, it will help our margins. At the moment, I don't have any plans this year to put through any other price increases, knowing what I know today, if the raw materials go up more than we anticipate in the next three to four months we might have to change our direction. But we believe that's where we are today with what we know today.
Dan Oppenheim  Credit Suisse: Great, thanks. And then the second question relating just to the balance sheet and then  or use of cash. You talked about increasing the CapEx for the year. What do you think about potential for any smaller acquisitions, either internationally or smaller product lines? Is there any thought to that or would you need to see more in the way of a recovery before taking on them?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We continue to look at various pieces. The big CapEx pieces that we have on the books now are the filament fiber investment. We have  looking at a potential of adding more ceramic capacity, maybe in Mexico we're looking at the process of a laminate flooring plant in Russia that we're in the midst of looking at and we're reviewing several other opportunities as we speak.
Dan Oppenheim  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East from Ticonderoga Securities. Your line is open.
Stephen East  Ticonderoga Securities: Thank you. Good morning, guys. If I could just look at some demand issues on the commercial side in Europe, starting with Europe, it's been pretty good for you. I guess I'm worried about everything that's going on there. You talked about your visibility. For example, Mohawk soft flooring is only a couple of weeks. What type of visibility do you have in the European business?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's not significantly different. In the roofing business, it's further out because the stuff is custom made. In the board businesses typically we have agreements that could be anywhere from one month to a quarter out. But the general agreements, it can change. The flooring business is not much different than it is here.
Stephen East  Ticonderoga Securities: Okay, and then on the commercial side, I know that's still tough. In you break apart the different sectors within the commercial; can you just give a little color on what you all see in those markets?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that they're all under pressure. We see that they're all going to be suffering this year, unless something changes, which is good that we don't see where they are. I think in the carpet piece more you see the trends are continuing to more modular carpet. So the modular carpet is doing better in the categories as people use more of it and different pieces.
Stephen East  Ticonderoga Securities: like the hospitality or the healthcare sectors of the business improving?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We haven't seen it yet because. You can say [ph] that we can see it changing. People are still being very conservative with their investments. There has been no new construction started in the last year and a half or two years. Most of what was out there is finished. So it was very moderately done. Debt's still difficult to come by to start new projects. They have to put up more money for it. So those things are starting to change but when the new part starts it will be a year and a half out before you see it. The new construction part is not going to help us in the short term. So it's really all dependent on the remodeling side of both the specified and non-specified businesses that come in. And if the hospitality business can turn, you can't rent out rooms for $300  $400 a room and have dilapidated rooms. So as people see this business improving, those things can change rapidly. I'm sure the projects on the book that we have with  many of them have been postponed. So the question is what's the timing of those and when it's going to turn loose. We can't predict them.
Stephen East  Ticonderoga Securities: Okay. And, just one last question sort of along the lines of the raw materials. Over the years, you've gone vertical in some of your processes. You've avoided going vertical in other parts. With everything that's going on, do you re-evaluate your thought processes on those?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Most of the businesses were fairly vertical in most of the pieces. I think that we made a choice not to go back into nylon resin at one point, given the change in the mix of polyester. That looks like a reasonable decision. The polyester and polypropylene resins, the carpet industry is a very limited portion relative to the total uses in the market place. So the scale you need to participate in those, we don't have enough to participate in and we're very commoditized in expenditures. So we think we're well positioned to do that. We just have to make sure that we have enough conversion capacity to support our business which we think we're putting in place.
Stephen East  Ticonderoga Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Pollard from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joshua Pollard  Goldman Sachs: Good morning, thanks. Last quarter you talked about moving into the DIY segments and laminate. Did that help your business and if it did could you talk about the impact to sales and what the impact to margins may have been?
Jeff Lorberbaum:
': We think we bring to the marketplace innovation and differentiation of product and different performance features that add value to the customers in each channel. The European market is a country-by-country strategy and account-by-account strategy. In the U.S., it's broader. There's fewer options and we have a program that's in (inaudible) today that we didn't have a year ago and we're working with other ones to develop programs with them
Joshua Pollard  Goldman Sachs: On an overall basis, is that a benefit to mix or a detriment? And my other question. There's been a lot of conversation around commercial. From a  call it second derivative standpoint, are you seeing commercial declines getting worse, staying stable or are you seeing them ease up and can you mix that with your comments on sort of mix stabilizing across the business? Thank you.
Frank Boykin: On the home centers
Jeff Lorberbaum: The first question's is the home centers. The home centers in general show a lower product mix than the marketplace in general. The do it yourself part of the businesses tend to be at the lower end of the marketplace. So products going into there have a lower mix and value proposition and would have lower margins relative to the market in total because they have a less participation in the higher end of it. And then the second part of the question was commercial trends. Again, the commercial trends are  we're seeing the commercial businesses are under pressure. The remodeling pieces will react first and those will be on projects that are in place and the large ones that have been postponed and we really can't tell when it's going to turn or not. There are some positive signs out there, but not enough to say there's a new direction. We're still predicting the whole year to be down.
Joshua Pollard  Goldman Sachs: Understood. If I could sneak one last one in. Your capacity utilization across your three business lines if you have it?
Jeff Lorberbaum: In general, we're running 75% to 80% of the general piece. But all the businesses have a lot of different parts and pieces to them and some could be running in the 90% and others in the 60s.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust: Thank you. Just a final question on the turn of business particularly in the residential segment. Did it swing up as we went through margin and how has it been in April?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We are seeing some improvement that we perceive but it's really difficult to read, given the price changes that are going on that we see in the pieces. But we are seeing improvement. The customers are more optimistic and we are anticipating improvement as we go through the year. We really think that in all the historical cycles, the remodeling business has really jumped. It has been a leading edge of the economy. Given the decrease in the housing prices we think that people are postponing some of the remodeling. But we think that there's a huge opportunity that's going to come through. We just can't identify the timing of it.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust: And in Europe, has there been any change in demand as the quarter went along with the controversy over there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We haven't been able to connect the two together. We see improvement in general and haven't been able to connect the great [ph] economic problems to what we're seeing today.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust: All right, thank you.
Operator: You have one more question from the line of Arnold Brief from Goldsmith & Harris. Your line is open.
Arnold Brief  Goldsmith & Harris: Granted the economy is improving, but given the level of activity and how far down it still is, it seems to me that this whole industry from the supplier end of it right through the carpet manufacturing end of is exhibiting an extraordinary level of pricing power. Could you discuss some of the reasons for that and to what extent if oil prices come down do you think your prices would hold?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You have to understand that when you talk about the carpet industry, that the raw materials make up such a huge part of it that when they change, it has a huge impact on our business and the industry and so as those raw materials change, the industry has to push those prices through and our Mohawk's margins get impacted so much that you really don't have any choice if you don't want them to deteriorate substantially and that's what creates the structure that it goes through or not. The Mohawk's margins are lower than we'd like them, and we need to get the price increases through and we're focused on increasing the prices to achieve those results.
Arnold Brief  Goldsmith & Harris: Could you go back farther into the pricing power of the fiber suppliers and where demand for carpet is so weak, how are they justified in holding their price increases?
Jeff Lorberbaum: If you go back in the chain, what's happened is that the fiber part of it, which is the last piece in front of us, little by little, the carpet manufacturers have taken over a majority of it. You have a few suppliers left that have a smaller and smaller share. So they become less relevant to the total. There's been a huge amount of capacity that was taken out in the last couple of years in consolidation of what's left. So then you go back to the next phase behind that one which is the chemicals. You get back to chemicals, the chemical prices are based on worldwide demands and supply and demand of each of those chemicals. They move across borders rapidly and so it really comes down to the worldwide demand for those chemicals and we're just the tail of the dog on that one.
Arnold Brief  Goldsmith & Harris: You think that as demand improves on the one hand, if oil prices come back a little bit that prices could hold? Do you have that much pricing power?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I missed the question.
Arnold Brief  Goldsmith & Harris:
 :
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that we, Mohawk, need higher margins than we have and I think we're going to do everything we can to maintain them because we have to get back to our historical margins in order to have the money to invest in our business and satisfy our customers.
Arnold Brief  Goldsmith & Harris: Thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to you, Mr. Lorberbaum.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We appreciate you joining us. We think that the economic recovery is here. We think that we'll see continued improvement throughout the year and we're doing everything we can to get the business profitability to where we want it. Have a good day. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Lorberbaum  Chairman and CEO Frank Boykin  CFO
Analysts: Dan Oppenheim  Credit Suisse Michael Rehaut  JP Morgan David MacGregor  Longbow Research David Goldberg  UBS Ivy Zelman  Zelman Associates Laura Champine  Cowen and Company Jeff  Raymond James Keith Hughes  SunTrust Siddle [ph]  Redmond Capital John Baugh  Stifel Nicolaus Tom Mahoney  Cleveland Research Alex Mitchell  Scopus Asset Management Arnold Brief  Goldsmith and Harris Gray Grantham [ph]  SEACOR Group [ph] Akash Ghiya  Pine Cobble Capital
Operator: Good morning. My name is Krista and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Fourth Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, February 26th, 2010. Thank you. I would like to introduce Chairman and CEO, Jeff Lorberbaum. Please go ahead.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning and thank you for joining our fourth quarter 2009 conference call. With me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, wholl review our Safe Harbor statement and later the financial results.
Frank Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our press release at the investor information section of our Web site for reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Our fourth quarter earnings per share of $0.29 were better than we anticipated. Earnings per share were $0.56, excluding restructuring charges, primarily related to infrastructure reductions in our Mohawk and Dal-Tile segments. Our restructuring activities included a $30 million charge in the fourth quarter. We expect to record another $5 million in 2010, to complete the equipment relocations from these initiatives. Our earnings exceeded expectations due to cost savings efforts, personnel reductions and restructuring activities. Fourth quarter sales were 1.3 billion, a 9% decrease from 2008, or 11.1% on a constant exchange rate. Our balance sheet is strong with cash, over 500 million, free cash flow, of almost 570 million for the full year, and a net debt to total capital ratio of 26%. Sales were slightly lower than the third quarter, as the Residential business began to stabilize and comparable periods were lower than last year. The overall economy continues to improve with 5.7% growth in the fourth quarter, improved consumer confidence and the housing market showing better r results. The commercial sector is under pressure, due to lower new construction and delayed remodeling activity, as corporate profits have declined. This year commercial will continue to decline and should reach a bottom. Our European businesses impacted similar to the U.S. and is showing some signs of improvement. We believe the economic recovery should positively impact our Residential business later this year in both the U.S. and Europe, offset by a continuing decline in the Commercial business, which lags behind the economic recovery. Frank, you want to give the financial report?
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. As Jeff had mentioned, our sales finished at 1.3 billion or 9% down from last year. This is the first time in five quarters that we have seen our decline in the single digits. All segments are down except Europe due to volume and price mix. Sales are down 11% on a constant exchange rate basis overall. Our gross margin was 25%. However, excluding charges, of $222 million in cost of goods sold our margin was 27%. The improved margin was due to infrastructure reduction, lower raw material costs and ongoing cost cutting actions. Our SG&A was $295 million, down from last year, excluding restructuring charges in the quarter of $8 million; the SG&A came in at $288 million or 21.3% of sales. We incurred $30 million of restructuring charges during the quarter, of which $20 million were incurred in Mohawk and 10 million in Dal-Tile. These were primarily related to manufacturing and distribution. The operating income at $77 million excluding charges was 5.7% of net sales. Overall, our results were good in a very difficult environment. Interest expense was $35 million higher than last year, due to the new bank facility that we put in place earlier in the year. Our other expense was lower at $1 million than last years $18 million due to decreases primarily driven by changes in the exchange rate. Our tax rate for the quarter excluding charges was 5%; however, looking into 2010, we are expecting a tax rate in the 15% range. Earnings per share excluding charges came in at $0.56 a share. We jump to the segments, starting with the Mohawk segment, sales were $739 million or down 8% from last year, due to lower volumes and changes in mix. As we mentioned earlier, we believe Residentials at the bottom, and the Commercial segment is still declining. Operating income excluding charges was $36 million or 4.9% of sales. The margin performance was driven by lower raw material costs and reduction in expenses, offset by decreased volume levels. In the Dal-Tile segment, sales at $330 million were down 20%, with Residential and Commercial both declining, while Mexico continues to perform well, with slightly ahead on a constant exchange rate basis. Operating income in this segment excluding charges was $21 million or 6.4% of sales. We were benefited by lower freight, energy and other costs, offset by declining volumes, negative mix and deleveraging from our fixed distribution costs in this segment. Unilin sales were $298 million, up 2% from last year, with Europe which is primarily residential stabilizing. Sales on a constant exchange rate basis, however, were down 7%. Operating income was $25 million or 8.3%. We had lower freight costs and operational savings that were offset again by decreased volumes. The exchange rate impact was favorable on the margin by $3 million. Turning to the balance sheet, we finished strong at the end of the year with cash at $531 million. This included $465 million in cash investments, with $367 million of that investment in the U.S. We believe our strong cash position plus additional generation of cash this year will put us in good shape to pay off much of the $500 million of bonds that are due at the end of this year. Our receivables were $674 million over 51 days, which is up from last year. Our aging, however, remains in good shape. Included in the receivable number is $72 million related to a tax refund receivable that we expect to receive in the first half of this year. Inventories were $893 million. They were down both sequentially and year-over-year with turns at 4.0 times. Our fixed assets ended at $1.8 billion and included capital expenditures during the quarter of $38 million and depreciation and amortization of $82 million. For the full year, CapEx was $109 million with D&A of $303 million. We are estimating CapEx this year in 2010 at a $150 million to $160 million and were estimating D&A at $300 million. The CapEx estimate includes approximately $50 million to $60 million of strategic investments for expansion in the new geographic areas and new products. Our debt finished the year at $1.855 billion. However, net debt excluded after deducting cash is $1.323 billion. The fourth quarter free cash flow was $222 million and the full year free cash flow was $563 million. This was a result of the good job our management team did in controlling expenditures. Net debt to EBITDA came in at 2.2 times Our tax strategies that we put in place during the year generated about $40 million of tax refunds, earlier in the year. And in addition, we were able to bring over $127 million out of Europe into the U.S. to help us pay off our bonds. I will turn it back over to Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. During 2009, we continued to take aggressive actions to reduce our infrastructure and align the business with industry demand. In 2009, we closed all or part of 16 manufacturing facilities and 27 distribution sites to reduce capacity, improve efficiency and lower costs. We reduced personnel by about 4,000 and warehousing by almost 4 million square feet. In addition, in the period, we restructured selling and administrative areas by reducing sales personnel and management, consolidation of order centers, better control of sample expenditures and eliminating low value activity. Compared to last year, excluding cash, our working capital was reduced by over 370 million and capital expenditures were cut to 110 million. In 2009, Mohawk generated significant operating cash flow of 670 million or 12% of sales during the year. The $500 million of bonds due in 2011 will primarily be paid with cash we accumulate. In spite of this very difficult environment, we are strategically positioning our company for the future. The business has been realigned to current economic conditions. New products have been developed in all segments to enhance our sales and marketing position. Our expansion outside the U.S. continued, as we grew our geographic participation of Mexico with ceramic tile, laminate in Russia and wood flooring in Western Europe. We continue to enhance the sustainability of our products and manufacturing to minimize our impact on the environment. Mohawk was recently recognized as a leader for environmental efforts by Newsweek. They ranked Mohawk for Sustainability in the Top 15 of the Consumer Products Category. Our Mohawk segment sales were down 8% which is better than the industry. We are continuing to streamline the business, while reducing the infrastructure and cost in this segment. In the fourth quarter, we have closed and restructured multiple carpet manufacturing operations, merged our backing facilities, combined carpet and ceramic distribution warehousing and reduced management staffing levels. With improved processes and better discipline, we have increased our quality and yields in most product areas and reduced logistics costs. With operational changes and plant consolidation we are reducing complexity across the segment, which is lowering costs and inventory. We have reorganized our customer, product, and logistics management and implemented new systems to enhance our service levels and costs. In the first quarter, we are implementing a price increase of 4$ to 6% to recover raw material costs inflation. Our regional shows have been successfully completed and our customers are optimistic, so only limited retailers have actually demonstrated an improvement in business. Our proprietary Smart Strand product, using Triexta fiber have achieved broad consumer acceptance in the marketplace as a high value alternative to nylon and polyester due to superior softness, enhance performance and easy maintenance And Residential, we are expanding our new EverStrand extra soft polyester, for the price conscious and our Smart Strand and ware data collection for the higher value customers. We have expanded our value oriented hard surface product to fill specific regional needs and added unique wood laminate and vinyl products for the style and value conscious. Additional product placement should improve our overall position in a home center channel this year. The Government healthcare and education end markets remain a focus for our Commercial growth opportunity. Our Dal-Tile sales were down 20% during the quarter. Dal-Tile continues to outperform the industry with our broad product offering and market saturation. The Commercial industry decline is impacting Dal-Tile more significantly than our other segments. Our leading design, superior quality and extensive distribution infrastructure distinguish us in the market. We continue to refocus our sales efforts on the Residential channels, which is to recover before commercial. We are introducing more value oriented tile products in the residential market and we recently began limited marketing of a new patented ceramic tile technology, which can be clicked together without using grout for simple installation. We are gaining share with increased product placements and promotional commitments in the home center channels. In Commercial, we introduced more value products, coordinated collection, and sophisticated color body porcelain, and limestone concrete and wood visuals. We have also introduced a new technology for commercial, we call Out Stand. It has 60% recycle content, more durable surface, greater stain resistance, and antimicrobial protection. We have launched an advanced finish for stone that protects against stain, bacteria and makes it easier to maintain. In Mexico, weve grown our ceramic sales on a local basis, although market declined last year about 9%. We have accomplished this by expanding our product offering, customer base and commercial specifications. Were also implementing a 4% price increase in this market. In future, we will require additional production capacity in Mexico to support our growing distribution. In the fourth quarter, Dal-Tile was continuing to reduce costs throughout the organization, with lower staffing and infrastructure levels. We closed our Dallas ceramic tile manufacturing and a quarry tile line to improve our efficiencies and lower costs. Our logistics operations have closed or reduced seven distribution points utilizing lower transportation cost modes and increased direct shipments with large orders. We are in the process of implementing new internal systems for both our major warehouses and local service centers. Were about 50% complete and are seeing improvement in customer management, working capital, service and productivity. Unilin sales improved 2% as reported or declined 7% on a constant exchange rate. Our operating margin for the quarter was 9% and our EBITDA margin was 22%. Although business conditions remain difficult in both Europe and the U.S., we believe the laminate and wood products may have reached the bottom of the cycle. We believe the European market may improve more rapidly than the U.S., since European customers rely less on credit and housing, has not contracted as severely. We are pursuing multiple strategies to maximize our laminate sales, including new product introductions at lower prices, additional technological invasion, geographic expansion, and increased business in the DIY channel. We plan to develop additional business through the distribution we acquired in the UK in 2009. Continued growth of our European wood business with an expanded product offering and increased presence in Russia with local manufacturing. We introduced lower priced laminate products with enhanced styling, a new edging process that creates more realistic visual, and a patented scratch protection, which has been added to a significant part of our overall product line. Demand for our board products was depressed during the fourth quarter and prices have declined due to excess capacity in the markets. Currently, demand in Europe is improving for our board products, which will increase utilization rate in the first quarter. Increases in board prices are being implemented, but they will lag cost changes in the first quarter. We have started marketing a new wall board product that uses our patented click system. Production of our new installation board is beginning, while we obtain additional technical certificates for the individual markets. Over the next couple of years, installation board will provide another value-added niche category for Unilin segment. At Unilin, we have also implemented many cost reductions to lower SG&A, reduce manufacturing costs, and manage inventory levels, while further investing in product innovation. The first quarter is seasonally the lowest quarter of the year. The Residential category should improve through the year, while the commercial business faces significant headwind. We are implementing a price increase in carpet and wood products to offset the rising costs, but the lag will negatively impact the first quarter. As the economy improves, raw materials should increase more and additional price increases may be required. Total interest costs in 2010 will be higher from rate increases and our new agreement. Mohawk consolidated results in the first quarter will be negatively impacted by a weaker Euro. Our first quarter guidance for earnings is $0.10 to $0.20 per share, which excludes any restructuring charges. This year, the first quarter will include four more shipping days than 2009. The economy improved in the fourth quarter and continued growth as expected throughout 2010. After our seasonally slower first quarter future periods will improve as we move through the year. The improvements we have implemented and the realization of price increases will benefit us in future quarters. We have just been through the most difficult economic decline we have ever experienced in the flooring industry. As we come out of this cycle and return to a more normal environment, we will be a better company with an improved management team, a better balance sheet, lower leverage and a much leaner structure. We believe the Company is well-positioned for good earnings growth and to increase shareholder value in the future. With that, we will be glad to take questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Dan Oppenheim  Credit Suisse: Great, thanks very much. Just wondering if you can talk a little bit more about the Dal-Tile segment in terms of the margins there. And you talked about the negative mix impact into the Commercial. As you think about going forward, how much in terms of the new product introductions there do you think can sort of help the margins in that area? How much is just the overall commercial environment going to be a drag on that, just if you can talk about that business?
Frank Boykin: As with the rest of the business, the sales are down significantly, about 20%. We believe the ceramic industry is down in the mid-20s and we have done better than that. We are suffering in a same mix decline else is that the customers are trading down in product. At the same time we are more aggressively going after lower price product sales to run the facilities than we normally would. You see the distribution system that we have that really provided dramatic market advantages and has allowed us to have as larger market share as we have, but that continues to have a negative leverage on us, because we cant decrease the cost of the distribution as rapidly as the other. Looking forward, with the pricing, we are trying to do the most we can to put us in place to maximize our Residential business over the next 12 months because we think that we will turn more positive. We continue investing in new products and innovation to drive the business there. The commercial, we believe, still going be a drag on the business throughout the year. And its really a question of how fast the commercial declines and the timing of it and the timing of the improvement in Residential and how its all going to balance out during the year.
Dan Oppenheim  Credit Suisse: Great, okay, thanks very much. I was wondering also about in terms of the thoughts on cash flow, youve done a great job with the cash flow generation. As you think about 2010 you have talked about the debt, but also as you think about acquisition opportunities, where would you look at that in terms of geography or where do you think the product line would most benefit?
Frank Boykin: I am not sure about your question, Dan. Are you asking about strategic initiatives geographically or what cash flows 
Dan Oppenheim  Credit Suisse: In terms based on the strong cash flow generation youve had, what will the priority be in terms of just the balance sheet versus delta and acquisitions here?
Frank Boykin:  I think our primary focus right now is to continue to focus on the balance sheet and pay down debt. We got this $500 million payment is coming up at the end of the year. As I mentioned earlier, between the cash weve got on the balance sheet now and what we think wed be able to generate this year, we should be able to pay a substantial amount of the $500 million down with cash that weve got and maybe roll over a little bit in our revolver, but our focus is continuing to be primarily on strengthening the balance sheet.
Jeff Lorberbaum: With that we have the plant were going to put up in Russia were going to invest in, were behind where we thought itd have been a little bit, because we actually have site picked up and the seller backed out. So we think we will execute that this year. We are looking at other things but I dont know whats that will come to fruition or not in other markets and places. We talked a little bit about the ceramic business in Mexico, as our business grows there, we will need new capacity. At this point we probably wont start the plant until way late this year or next year. So it wont have much of an effect on the cash this year. And then we continue to look at other opportunities on as they come up.
Dan Oppenheim  Credit Suisse: Great, thanks very much.
Frank Boykin: Youre welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut from JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Frank Boykin: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Rehaut  JP Morgan: Good morning, thanks. A couple of quick questions. First, you mentioned the 4% to 6% price increase that was something where you know last quarter, there was a delay in that area. And I was wondering, if you can give us any color in terms of your level of confidence there, if youve received any initial feedback and what that might mean when if it is fully implemented in terms of a cost recovery, marginalized on the carpet segment in the second quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: At this point we are knee deep into it. We are aggressively implementing it throughout the marketplace. As usual, it will take some period to implement through all the different channels and the timing. It does appear that its going through the market. As usual, we will have, we wont achieve all that we stood out to be with the 4% to 6%, so it will end up something less than that on average. We still have the mix changes that are going on in the business, which is impacting the average selling price as we sell customers, lower value products or lower cost products to try to maintain some of the price points. So I mean all is going forward, all indications are that we will execute it.
Michael Rehaut  JP Morgan: Okay, great. And second, on the laminate strategy, you continue to talk about, doing things more perhaps lower end then you just mentioned greater volume and throughput. Do you have a sense of given the changes in margin over the last couple of years, what type of impact that might have for 2010 as you see some of that strategy realized?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Theres two separate pieces; one is the industry mix changing in the industry thats going on and a compression of margins in various products that we sell in the marketplace as one subtle problems which the whole industry has. The second is that we have primarily focused our business on the medium-to-high end of the business, by maximizing the value of the innovation which we spent a tremendous amount of time creating in the marketplace. And whats happened as we go through this cycle, the lower price points and value have become more important, we have reduced the pricing of some of our products and introductions in the marketplace to do that, and we think that we have to take a more aggressive stand in participating in the DIY channels than we have been. We are doing it across all geographies and we dont have a single strategy, its customer-specific and geographic-specific to meet each market. It will be at lower margins than our historical business. On the other hand were expecting delivery of the circle goes through for the higher price points to be improve in sales as we go forward. Weve always said that over the long-term we had expected our margins in the category to decline from their original highs they were at, as we keep expanding the marketplace. And this year, I dont know if it will have a significant impact that takes a long time to change a strategy.
Michael Rehaut  JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Frank Boykin:  Youre welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Yes, good morning everyone.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Can you just recap for us by how much have you reduced your cost since you began your rightsizing?
Frank Boykin: I think SG&A is probably down two years ago by $200 million at.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Okay. And within COGS? The fix cost component and what have you been able to pick up in yield on the variables.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Its hard to tell given all the mix change and the products, the different products and categories were. I wouldnt even know how to give you a single answer that made me sense.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Can we talk about from a fixed cost standpoint, what you think your fixed costs may have come down by?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Do you have an estimate how many people weve reduced.
Frank Boykin: I think overall weve cut 25%, 26% of our work force across the whole company.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Okay. Maybe I have a follow-up with you afterwards, Frank, offline.
Frank Boykin: Yes, we could talk.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: I guess, just follow-up, how should we think about your incremental margins by segment in 2010?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The real question we have to answer in 2010 is what the volumes going to be. And as weve tried to analyze our own business its really got to do with how far the commercial business declines and the timing and depth of it and then in our plans we are anticipating that the residential businesses hit bottom, will actually improve, as we go through the year, so depending upon the timing of those two pieces its going to determine what the top-line is going to be. We think weve put in place a lot of things on the cost side to reduce the cost structures so the real question is going to be the volume related to the cost structures and then if we get any surprises, during the year over from material and commodity costs as we go through. We have proven that we can continually pass those through, but as you go through these, I dont know exactly what commodity costs are going be. Our estimates arent good for one week in a row year-on-year of advance.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Sounded like from your comments that you thought that your ability to fully recover cost inflation this year might be limited, just maybe from a timing standpoint in the price pass-through are going to lag behind raw materials, and you talked about the further raw material side of the year, I dont want to put words in your mouth, but does that sort of speak to narrow our contribution margins in 2010?
Jeff Lorberbaum: First, we started talking about the first quarter. And the first quarter we postponed the increase in the carpet side. So, we are probably a two months or more behind where Id like to be. So thats going to definitely impact the first quarter, weve had the wood prices were raising up, theyre going to pass through them. So what were hoping is somewhere into the second quarter well get caught up with those and then the next question is what happens with future increases and I dont know whether theyre going to come or not.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Just final question, you downsized a lot. How should we think about full capacity revenue now for Mohawk and Dal? I think your peak Mohawks revenues is in 1.25 billion per quarter, I think Dal topped over 500 million per quarter, but there has been a lot of capacity reductions since then. I just wonder if you could help think a little based on the asset configuration youre working towards, what would be a peak revenue.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Weve taken out a lot of assets and pieces on the other hand weve mark ball pieces, so we have the ability to push the sales level back up substantially before we hit a top. Each product and each business is a little different in the ceramic business. We used to import over 30% of our sales. So as we went down, we decreased the amount or importing. So we could actually go back and start importing in between. You hear us talking about an investment in Mexico, so that starts up, additional capacity can be pushed back to the U.S. as we started out as we go through, at some point well go through the cycle. I dont think were going to have a capacity limited problem, were going to have a revenues limited by the consumers and how fast the peak picks up over the next few years.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg from UBS. Your line is now open.
David Goldberg  UBS: Thanks, good morning, everybody.
Frank Boykin: Good morning.
David Goldberg  UBS: First question, Jeff, on your comments, seem like you were getting somewhat comfortable that 2010 was going be the trough in the commercial market. I am just kind of wondering what that is based on and if you think there is some risk that a downturn in commercial could last a little bit longer.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We gather all the same public data that you do and we try to analyze it. Our people are under the expectation that it might possibly should end up this year. If you take the decline somewhere in the neighborhood of 20% or more this year, you take another, pick a number, mid-teens is that 12% to 15% next year, you have a 35% decline, were just expecting that might be near the bottom of it.
David Goldberg  UBS: Okay. The follow-up question I had was about the efforts to create more environmentally sound products and more priced a little more attractive consumers from an environmental perspective, and Im trying to understand how you guys think about, how buyers receive those products, whether youre able to charge a premium price and whether thats helping you gain share and really the question is are you able to charge some sort of premium for those kind of products?
Frank Boykin: You have to decide what channels you are going into. If you look in the commercial business, where businesses are being pushed to be environmentally friendly, you can get a premium for those and you can take different actions in order to try to do those, when you get in a Residential business, the consumers like them, they feel good, they want them, but theres limited price opportunities, so you have to be able to provide competitive alternatives at similar prices. On some occasions it can have some marketing advantages or some slight pieces, but you have to be able to do that at a competitive cost basis.
David Goldberg  UBS: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ivy Zelman from Zelman Associates. Your line is now open.
Ivy Zelman  Zelman Associates: Good morning, guys.
Frank Boykin: Good morning.
Ivy Zelman  Zelman Associates: Couple of questions, first is looking at the price action youve implemented. When we have the September price increase that the industry delayed or you send it, part of that we understood is that the new housing market was pushing backwards for you, now were into rate prices as a new competitor versus Shaw [ph] as youre typical to operate in, wondering if new construction with the home builders, will they be willing to accept that price increase or do you not even go with them with the price increase, thats the first question. And then the second question just relates to the benefit of any you maybe seeing some foreclosure activity as many investors are into ventures or trying to be refurbished, these investors have become home owners, maybe starting to refurbish these homes than itself, and you can help us with any shed a new light on that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The raw materials in the carpet industry make up such a large percentage of the costs that as they change historically the industry has pushed them through and we pushed them through all the various channels with different timing with them. We are doing the same this time and there is no channel that wants them and nobody likes them, so were still in a process of implementing them we expect them to deep push through at the marketplace. The second question 
Frank Boykin: On the foreclosures we have a hard time determining where our products end up. So we have a hard time.
Jeff Lorberbaum: They all look alike to us, its just another remodeling order as far as we can see.
Ivy Zelman  Zelman Associates: Got it. And STAINMASTER, does that have any, what bearing would the STAINMASTER now, exclusive with Lowes is going to have on the industry in your opinion?.
Jeff Lorberbaum: What you have is, in the past year, as we keep saying as theres a compression of the price point. And so as STAINMASTER was positioned at the high end, they were losing share, so their goal was to try to improve their share to marketplace, so they did that through giving limited distribution to one of their customers. And thats the strategy they have taken and well try to help the customer go in any direction he wants to satisfy his needs.
Ivy Zelman  Zelman Associates: Okay. Thanks, Jeff, thanks Frank.
Frank Boykin: Okay, youre welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Laura Champine  Cowen and Company: Good morning. Jeff, you mentioned that the carpet increase was postponed a couple of months in Q1. I know that at the end of the year, both you and your competitor were talking about really needing a price increase as soon as possible. What changed to push that increase back?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think you misunderstood. It got pushed back in the fourth quarter. We had originally tried to do at a couple months earlier. And it got pushed back. One of our large competitors didnt like the timing of it. So he, so the Company postponed it and we followed suit. But, we are implementing that in the first quarter. So I think it was last year that the postponement was not this year.
Laura Champine  Cowen and Company: Okay, got it. And Frank you mentioned that you probably laid off a quarter your workforce in the last few years how much of that came last year? And what is the change that you expect in headcount for the whole company in 2010?
Frank Boykin: I think last year is about 4,000 and we have not really talked about this year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: This year we hope were in the right position going in.
Laura Champine  Cowen and Company: Can you talk about the reductions in the sense of capacity per square foot or per yard and have you taken down capacity as much as you have taken down work force? And where do you expect total capacity to be at the end of the year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The capacity that were utilizing is actually down more than the workforce because were not working the same hours that we have historically. So, beside the people coming down, you have lower hours that youve done. Looking over the whole business in different pieces, that one is hard to do because theyre all over the place. Theres so many parts and pieces. Just pulling a number out of the air, I would guess that this year were probably going to run anywhere from 70% to 80%. As a general rule, were going to have pieces that are significantly higher and pieces that are lower.
Laura Champine  Cowen and Company: Got it, thank you.
Frank Boykin: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Jeff  Raymond James: Hey, this is Jeff [ph], calling in for Sam. Thank you for taking my question. My question goes back to the cost savings also the recognize over the past couple years especially in SG&A. And I know a lot of that has been permanent cost take out, but I imagine theres also a component there that is just discretionary temporary lower discretionary costs. And so I guess my question is do you expect to see any of that come back in 2010?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I would guess that discretionary pieces are limited to the total. As you come into different market, the discretionary pieces are going to be, if you think business is going to be significantly better, do you want to start aggressively, introducing more products, putting more investments and with your customers, do you want to increasing the sales force, ahead of the curve to take advantage of it. So those decisions will be made as the thing comes up. If you decide you want to wait for it to turn up and then bring them in as it goes up or you want to lead it a little bit so that you can have better performance in the marketplace. We will have to make those decisions as they occur on a case by case basis.
Jeff  Raymond James: Okay. And then so is a follow up, I guess, would it be correct then to say that if we assume, just say, we assume moderate sales growth in 2010, would you expect to see the normal early cyclical leverage in SG&A?
Frank Boykin: Yes.
Jeff  Raymond James: That wouldnt be surprised at all.
Jeff Boykin: Yes.
Jeff  Raymond James: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust: Just a follow-up on your comments, you had talked about some higher board prices for Unilin, I guess A) is that in Europe and B) is that a function of lower capacity on the continent or just increased demand for the boards?.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The board business has been struggling dramatically over the past years, as the capacity has way outstripped the markets. There have been shutdowns of plants across the continent that has reduced capacity, there have been capacity taken off and so the pricings in the board industry has been, we said multiple times, has been close to cash costs across the pieces as happens in a cyclical downturns. What were seeing now is it looks like that theres some inventory build back, it looks like theres going to be some increased capacity utilization going into the first quarter across the industry, which is a good thing. Whats happening is that the raw material prices in wood are going up, so, were going to lose some of the upside into the chasing the raw material lag. And if it there should be some better capacity utilization and depending upon how the year turns out, we could start seeing the recovery of some of the margins in that industry.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust: And youve talked about European improving probably before the U.S. and consumer, if I look at the Unilin segment, its down 6%, 7% taken our currency, what was Europe in that mix year-over-year?
Frank Boykin: Ill have to get back to you on that, Keith, if youre going to call me separately, we dont have that here in front of us.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust: Thats all for me. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eero Redmond [ph], Redmond Capital. Your line is now open.
Frank Boykin: Hello?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Operator, can you help us?
Operator: Mr. Redmond, your line is open.
Siddle  Redmond Capital: Hi. This is Siddle [ph]. Just wanted to talk about your cash flow, it is a tough year and you generated a lot of cash as usual. Could you elaborate on what the cash complications were on income statement and especially from the inventory side of things? And just talking about inventory liquidation, impact on the income statement and versus cash flow.
Frank Boykin: Your question is how much our inventory sound? Or how much of the inventories impact our cash flow?
Siddle  Redmond Capital: Thats one, but I just wanted to understand how the inventory liquidation and what it is, how it impacts the income statement as well?
Frank Boykin: Inventories impacted cash flow positively about $280 million for the year.
Siddle  Redmond Capital: Okay. And could you talk about if it had any impact on income statement?
Frank Boykin: Well, to the extent that our volumes are down, that impact the income statement.
Siddle  Redmond Capital: And could you just elaborate on that how does it  because it is a significant draw down, so thats why I wanted to understand how much impact it had on margins?
Frank Boykin: Why dont you give me a call back after this so that maybe I can walk you through that because its going to take a while.
Siddle  Redmond Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
John Baugh  Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. Job well done. Couple of quick ones. Could you comment on the Mohawk side, theres things other than carpet there, so, Im curious did they perform roughly the same down 8%? And then within carpet itself, I assume the commercial was down somewhere 15%, maybe 20% range, which would imply the residential was pretty close to flat, maybe down slightly year-over-year. I am just curious if thats the case. And if you expect residential maybe go positive in the first quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We dont give out the specifics of each piece, but yet we can give you a flavor of it. You have the right direction. The residential business is doing much better than the commercial, the commercial business is up substantially, our surface pieces, the wood business that would be have a high portion and new construction would be of the most following the construction business in it. I am missing other pieces.
John Baugh  Stifel Nicolaus: So Jeff does your carpet actually do better than down 8% on the Mohawk hard surface was off more than 8%?
Jeff Lorberbaum: On the industry number which I assume you have, showed that the industry was down 7% in units, about 14% in dollars. So thats a reflection of whats going on in the world. We think we did a little better.
John Baugh  Stifel Nicolaus: And then, Frank, if sales were roughly flat in '10 just as a starting point, what would working capital do?
Frank Boykin: It would probably be flat.
John Baugh  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. And then that 40 million, I think was a quarterly D&A number for Unilin, what will that number look like quarterly or annually for '010 and how much of that is the acquisition and amortization?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I believe its going to be about the same in '10 as it is in '09 both for D&A in total and amortization on a standalone basis, John. (inaudible).
John Baugh  Stifel Nicolaus: It doesnt step down.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Not yet, not yet.
John Baugh  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great, thank you much, good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Tom Mahoney  Cleveland Research: Hi, guys, this is Tom Mahoney calling in for Eric, today. As you talk about Residential improving through the year, how do you think about new construction versus the remodel trends youre seeing?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Start out that the new construction business is almost came to a halt last year, so any, any improvement over that is going to show up in the piece. You have to understand that we are, the last product, to go in. So things that were started in January, will see either mid year or third quarter at the soonest. So as that picks up, we will see some benefit of that one as we go through the year from the low points. The Residential side it was also at a very low point and the expectation is that consumer confidence will improve, at all these existing homes that are trading hands in either to get them out of bankruptcy or wherever they went to, theres going to be more remodeling going those and a combination of those things with an improved economy we expect to help us. We dont know the exact timing of it, but as we move through the year were expecting it to improve because of that.
Tom Mahoney  Cleveland Research: Got you. And then, you guys were talking about better positioning at the home centers and maybe some more partnerships there, can you talk on the trends youve seen there and maybe a read on, what you see as underlying demand versus the promotions driving the business there?
Frank Boykin: The home center channel seems to have done better during this downturn than the specialty store channel across most of the product categories. They tend to focus on more value products and promoting value as a general statement. So as peoples pocket books got stressed they appeared to be better. They have gone aggressively advertising and marketing products to try to improve their position in the marketplace. And we have an aggressive to try to participate and improve our position within the stores and based on the commitments we have, we think that we will have a better business through the channel.
Tom Mahoney  Cleveland Research: Makes sense, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Mitchell from Scopus Asset Management. Your line is open.
Alex Mitchell  Scopus Asset Management: Good morning, guys.
Frank Boykin: Good morning.
Alex Mitchell  Scopus Asset Management: I just want to follow-up on your comment about the laminate business, coming out of the trough. And specifically, if you can comment on how you see licensing income and all of that, as long that gets better?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The laminate industry has been going through the same declines as every other product in the industry. We think its at the bottom. Depending upon which market and geography youre at, theres different pricing strategy going on by the different groups. With that I guess our strategy has been to participate more in some of the lower price points than to extend our channels into some of the DIY channels that we have had limited to minimal participation in and we are putting through different strategies to take advantage of that. As it goes back, in all categories our mix in all product categories has declined, as we have participated in lower price product categories and all products to try to maximize our share of the business. So, as the industry has declined, weve tried to participate in some more of that and we would in all product categories. From the licensing piece, much of our licensing revenues are based on the industry demands so as the industry slows down, our licensing revenues also change related to those. We have had increasing success in licensing, Chinese manufacturers, which years ago would have been unheard of. But, we are getting better at influencing those things and we have had some Chinese licenses and we continue to go after more.
Alex Mitchell  Scopus Asset Management: Okay. So as laminate gets better, would licensing keep pace where the percentage of licensing, where you were historically or how would that change?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Its not going to go per cent by per cent, but as the industry goes up and down we tend to go up and down, too.
Frank Boykin: Generally speaking, it's going to follow the volume of the industry, but the other thing I remember too is when you have new customers, you put in place for one with license, you got some times some initial upfront fees that are paid, so that could kind of distort the numbers from year-to-year.
Alex Mitchell  Scopus Asset Management: Okay, well, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arnold Brief with Goldsmith and Harris. Your line is now open.
Arnold Brief  Goldsmith and Harris: Two quick questions, one, you took a lot of initiatives in 2009 to cut costs. And those efforts transpired and you went through the year. Although the event may have been completed, not all the cost savings were actually realized in '09. Could you give us some idea how much of the cost savings will flow through into 2010 from initiatives that weve taken in '09? The second question is given whats happened globally, could you elaborate a little bit more on, if and what, youre doing to capitalize or to get participate in the growth of Asia, which would balance your cyclical aspects a little bit more given the growth?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Lets start with the second one and we will see the first one. In Asia, we basically have very limited participation, as we speak. We have moved into eastern Europe with our laminate business. We are looking at putting a laminate manufacturing plant up in Russia. We have had conversations in both Russia and China with either acquisitions or green field, other options that we are looking at and various product category. We continue to look at those to decide how to participate in the marketplace without creating unreasonable risks. As we go through and we will continue following those that would not surprise me, at some point if we had an acquisition or some other method of getting in and various product categories in those markets.
Frank Boykin: On the cost savings activities we incurred, as you probably know, about a little bit over $60 million in costs related to restructuring in 2009. And we are estimating that we will see a pay back on those costs over about a year and year and a half or so. Weve realized probably some portion of that this year, but we should see more of that next year. And thats really what weve disclosed so far.
Arnold Brief  Goldsmith and Harris: Would you say youre looking at Asia as a major strategic initiative at this point?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes.
Arnold Brief  Goldsmith and Harris: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gray Grantham [ph] from SEACOR Group [ph]. Your line is now open.
Gray Grantham  SEACOR Group: Thanks, good morning guys.
Frank Boykin: Morning.
Gray Grantham  SEACOR Group: I was wondering if you can provide a little bit more color on the logistics and plans to address the 2011 and 2012 maturities, my understanding is the new ABL facility has early maturities figures, if those, 2011 or 2012 maturities are not addressed by certain dates, I know you guys are sitting on a chunk of cash now, but I assume as business improves you will need some of that also for working capital. Any info you can provide on your thoughts there?
Frank Boykin: As I was trying to say earlier, I think with the 2011 maturities, if 500 million thats due at the end of this year, we got to have it set aside into the ABL requirements by beginning of the fourth quarter. I think we will be able to pay off most of that with cash. We either have or were going to generate and then take whatever shortfall we have rolls into the ABL. And then the 2012 maturities out I guess about two years from now, were going to have to look at alternatives such as the bond market at some point probably.
Gray Grantham  SEACOR Group: Okay. So, for the 2011, then youre basically expecting just to set aside the cash and basically go and (inaudible).
Frank Boykin: For a lot of it, yes.
Gray Grantham  SEACOR Group: Yes, okay, great, thank you.
Frank Boykin: Youre welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Akash Ghiya from Pine Cobble Capital. Your line is open.
Akash Ghiya  Pine Cobble Capital: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. Just a couple of questions if I can go back to the raw material side again. First, can you remind us forward purchase or hedging your costs?
Frank Boykin: No. Thats an easy one.
Akash Ghiya  Pine Cobble Capital: Okay. So then I guess second, whats the typical delay between the spot price and the price you guys pay. And I guess the reason Im asking the question is if you take the Mohawk segment, as a separate segment, and would get through your major raw material costs that increases with stock prices of trade are massive, so, if we take spot, you assume, spot prices dont move throughout 2010, nylon prices are up, sort of 35% plus, polypropylene 30%, polyesters, 50%,when we should see that for the through end, how should it delays due to the accounting?.
Jeff Lorberbaum: A lot of our raw materials in carpet as we backward integrated, go up and down with the marketplace and the lead times are relatively short, with that you then have our inventory levels in between are roughly a quarter, so they get postponed by about a quarter, and we have to keep these value and then deciding when to raise prices based on those prices, if you have been watching those things over the past two or three years, as we do, you will know that what those future things are six months and nine months out, many times have no relationship to what happens when you get there in either direction. So, we continue watching those things and we will have to decide how to react to them as they occur.
Frank Boykin: So our raw materials we buy them in the fourth quarter and they will impact our P&L in the first quarter.
Akash Ghiya  Pine Cobble Capital: Okay. So I guess if I heard you correctly, there is no benefit youre seeing in the fourth quarter from I guess if you look at the increase in raw material between the third quarter and fourth quarter, the spot prices would suggest raw materials going up 
Frank Boykin: Were FIFO inventory, right?
Akash Ghiya  Pine Cobble Capital: Thats right. How much benefit did you guys see the result of that accounting treatment?
Frank Boykin: The benefit, it is just, just, we dont measure it that way. We buy it and then we use it. Thats very much do the P&L.
Akash Ghiya  Pine Cobble Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to the presenters for any closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We appreciate you joining us. We think were positioned well for the future. And we will continue reacting to what happens in the marketplace. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Lorberbaum -- Chairman and CEO Frank Boykin -- CFO
Analysts: Sam Darkatsh -- Raymond James Matt Langdon -- Barclay's Capital Dan Oppenheim -- Credit Suisse Michael Rehaut -- J.P. Morgan Susan [ph] -- UBS David MacGregor -- Longbow Research Mark [ph] -- Cleveland Research Dennis McGill -- Zelman & Associates Laura Champine -- Cowen Stephen East -- Pali Capital Keith Hughes -- SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Garland Buchanan -- Babson Capital Carl Reichardt -- Wells Fargo Security Arnold Brief -- Goldsmith & Harris
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephanie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded, today, Friday, October 30. I would now like to introduce Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and CEO. Mr. Lorberbaum, you may begin your conference.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining our third quarter 2009 conference call. With me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review our Safe Harbor Statement, and later the financial results. Frank?
Frank Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. Our third quarter earnings per share of $0.50 was slightly better than we anticipated. Earnings per share was $0.64, excluding restructuring charges relating to our distribution and manufacturing footprint. Our earnings were slightly better than our guidance due to the changes we have made to manage through this difficult environment. Our gross margin of 27% was an improvement of almost 200 basis points over last year. It benefited from lower raw material and freight costs, personnel reductions, cost containment measures, and plant consolidations. Third-quarter sales were $1.4 billion, a 22% decrease from 2008 or 21% on a constant exchange rate. Our balance sheet is strong with over $300 million of cash, ample liquidity from our new $600 million bank facility, and free cash flow of over $340 million so far this year. Though the third period remained weak, sales were only slightly off in the second quarter, which may be an indication that we are seeing a bottom. Both home sales and consumer confidence have improved since the beginning of the year, which historically has been followed by a higher investment and remodeling and flooring purchases. The commercial category continues its decline, with limited new projects and delayed remodeling, as corporations maintain tight controls on spending. We anticipate commercial continuing to decline this year and bottoming out in 2010. Our European business, which is primarily residential, is being impacted by low consumer spending and compressed housing sales, similar to the US, and appears to be stabilizing. The stronger euro is making exports outside of Europe more difficult and negatively influencing pricing. Continued government stimulus and expected GDP growth should improve our residential business next year in the US and Europe, offset by a continuing decline in our commercial categories. Frank, do you want to give the financial report?
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. If we start with the interim statement, net sales were $1.383 billion, down 22% from last year or 21% on a constant exchange rate basis. All of our segments were down due to lower volume and some decline in pricing mix as economic headwinds continued. Gross profit was $369 million or 27% of net sales, compared to 25% last year. Our favorable margin performance was driven by capacity rationalization, lower raw material cost and freight cost, and ongoing productivity in cost reduction actions, as our team continues to manage through this decline. SG&A was $301 million or 21.8% of sales compared to 18.2% last year. If we exclude the $11 million of restructuring included in the $301 million, our SG&A was down $31 million or 9% from last year. All of our businesses are continuing to reduce cost, but de-leveraging is impacted by our declining sales. Operating income as reported was $68 million or 4.9% of sales. Operating income excluding charges was $84 million or 6.1% of sales. That compares to a comparable 7.5% of sales last year. We had, in the third quarter, restructuring charges of $8 million included in the Mohawk segment and then another $8 million included in the Dal-Tile segment. These were primarily driven by distribution consolidation in commercial carpet restructuring, and in the fourth quarter, we are estimating $25 million of restructuring costs, of which $10 million will be included in cost of goods sold, and $5 million is estimated to be included in selling, general, and administrative costs. Interest expense was $33 million. We are expecting it will be slightly higher in the fourth quarter. We completed our new ABL Bank facility this quarter. Our interest includes amortization of upfront costs of approximately $1.5 million per quarter, and an increased rate on the bonds that we have from a recent downgrade from one of the rating agencies. Moody's just downgraded us to BA2, with a negative outlook. S&P currently has us at BB+ negative watch. Our interest rates are impacted by 25 basis points -- increased by 25 basis points on about $1.4 billion of our debt as required on any additional downgrades. We currently have a ceiling of 125 basis points on any future rate increases. The income tax rate was 6% as reported, due to geographical income mix. Our fourth-quarter taxes should be a small expense -- it should be a small expense for the fourth quarter. We expect our tax rate in future years to be in the low to mid 20% range. Our earnings per share as reported was $0.50; and our earnings per share excluding charges, was $0.64. If we turn to the segments, the Mohawk segment sales came in at $756 million, down 21% from last year, due to lower volumes and declining pricing mix. Commercial was showing the most significant decline. Operating income, excluding charges of $8 million, was $24 million or 3.2%, compared to 3.1% last year; and margin performance was driven by lower raw material cost and SG&A savings offset by decreased volumes. In the Dal-Tile segment, sales were $362 million, down 23% from last year or 22% on a constant exchange rate basis. Commercial business decline impacted performance the most, with Mexico slightly ahead on a constant exchange rate basis. Operating income, excluding another $8 million in charges, was $29 million or 8.1% of sales, compared to 11% last year. We were positively impacted by improvements in manufacturing performance, which was offset by lower volumes and negative mix. In the Unilin segment, sales were $282 million or down 21% from last year, and that would be 18% on a constant exchange rate basis. We had lower volumes as both the European and US businesses had similar pressures. Operating income was $35 million or 12.5% of sales compared to 12.4% a year ago. We were favorably impacted by lower raw material costs and SG&A reductions, as well as good IT revenues. Foreign-exchange negatively impacted our operating income by $2 million. In the corporate lamination segment, we had a loss of $4 million and we anticipate a loss in the fourth quarter of anywhere from $5 million to $6 million. Finally, turning to the balance sheet, our cash ended up at $306 million, which includes about $266 million in cash and investments, receivables at $832 million, represented 50 days of sales outstanding, which is up from last year, due to channel mix impacting this. But I will say that our ageing is still in good shape. In addition, included in that number, we have an income tax receivable of $108 million, which we will receive a portion of it in the fourth quarter and the remainder in the first half of 2010. Inventories were $940 million, representing turns of 3.8 times, which is in line with last year and the dollar is flat with the previous quarter. Fixed assets at $1.8 billion included capital expenditures this quarter of $19 million and depreciation and amortization of $76 million. We are estimating full-year capital expenditures at $110 million, and full-year depreciation and amortization of $300 million. Long-term debt in total was $1.855 billion, at the end of the quarter. We executed a new $600 million four-year bank facility during the quarter, with an interest rate that will be at LIBOR+ a range of 3.75% to 4.25%, and we incurred about $23 million of upfront costs, which will be amortized over four years. We currently have almost $500 million available under this facility after considering outstanding LCs. Jeff, I will turn that back over to you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. Our business remains under pressure in a difficult environment. All businesses continue to focus on aligning resources with the demand level by using improved sales and operations planning, reducing SG&A expenses, innovating new processes using link techniques to cut costs, improving the use of working capital with enhanced systems, and reducing distribution infrastructure with more centralized inventory strategies. We have many initiatives to grow revenues with new products, customers, and channels. We continue the implementation of new information systems to enhance sales management, inventory controls, and our distribution infrastructure. In the third quarter, we reduced headcount by almost 850 and our total dissolution footprint was reduced by about 700,000 square feet. Our capital investments have been curtailed to about $110 million this year and are focused on efficiency, new product innovation, productivity, quality, and high return projects. Our Mohawk segment sales were down about 21%, in line with industry. We have made improvements in our controllable production costs and quality throughout our processes. Reductions in our SG&A continue to be made throughout the organization. Selling, distribution, and warehousing costs have been cut to reflect lower volume levels. Marketing and sampling costs have declined as the business level dropped. We are focusing on improving customer service with the enhancement of our systems and processes to provide greater information with more flexibility and speed. New product introductions are driving incremental sales, with higher margins, while simplifying our manufacturing operations. Our proprietary SmartStrand residential collection continues to gain broader customer acceptance and our service levels have improved with an increased supply of raw material. The restructuring of our distribution model, with the combining of our regional warehouses with the Dal-Tile segment will lower our infrastructure costs further. In the period, we lowered our headcount by 450 in this segment. We have announced a consolidation of our backing fabric production, which will lower our costs further and provide flexibility as required in the future. We are rationalizing some of our commercial production and improving productivity as we adapt to the decreased demand. The commercial team is focused on government healthcare and education markets, which will be stronger than the other channels. Our rug division is also introducing lower-priced products as consumers purchase more value-oriented items. Much of our efforts to reduce costs and improve processes have been offset by low industry volumes and unabsorbed overhead. Customers are purchasing more value-oriented products and selling prices on commoditized products have compressed. In our carpet materials, most of the chemical costs utilized have risen substantially, as chemical production has been reduced. This has raised our raw material cost more than we anticipated at the beginning of the third quarter and will increase our manufacturing costs in the fourth quarter and beyond. We plan to recover raw material increases from the market as soon as possible. The Dal-Tile sales were down 23% or 22% with a constant exchange rate. The decline in new housing sales in commercial construction is significantly affecting the ceramic industry. Dal-Tile is taking share from imports, which make up about half of the industry volume, with our broad product line and strong distribution. In addition, we have replaced significant amounts of product we have previously outsourced with our own manufactured tile. Our new introduction to engineered stone and terrazzo tile are growing in the market. We continue to increase product placement and home centers and specifications with large commercial customers. We reduced our Dal-Tile SG&A further in the third quarter by merging seven service centers, consolidating regional warehouses, and reducing our leased warehousing space. Manufacturing costs continue to improve with increased productivity, lower waste levels, and a higher quality. We have upgraded our production processes by improving our efficiencies and reducing costs. Inventory turns are being maintained through improvements in changeover times, smaller run sizes and a more consolidated inventory strategy. Long-time lease changes will reduce the working capital requirement to support our business growth. Our Mexican business grew on a local basis as our distribution expanded. In the Mexican market, we are broadening our product line to offer a comprehensive selection, increasing our specification of commercial products and expanding our customer base. During the third quarter, a 2% price increase has been implemented in Mexico. Unilin sales declined 21% as reported or 18% on a constant exchange rate. Our operating margins for the quarter were 12% and EBITDA margin was 26%. Demand in both our US and European markets remained challenging in the period. We were favorably impacted by raw material costs, (inaudible) expenses, royalty income, and better-than-expected sales volume. Our laminate business has been influenced by customers trading down to lower alternatives and pressure on exports from Europe as the euro has strengthened. To improve our sales, we are increasing participation in the DIY channels, growing sales of our new introductions, adding new product features, and investing in new product innovation. We continue to review options to expand our presence in Russia and have acquired a small UK distributor to support the market. We have broadened our wood distribution in both the US and Europe on our multiple brands to reach all markets. Changes in our wood product line are being completed, upgrading our product offering, and providing a comprehensive selection with improved costs. We are utilizing a new click system that makes our wood easier to install. We are investing in research and development to provide innovative products and equipment to lower our wood production costs. The board products remain under significant pricing pressure due to excess capacity in the markets and high operating costs. We have raised prices in some products and markets during the period and are broadening our customer base with specialized products and new channels. Some board plant closures have been announced in Europe, and others may occur in the future. Unilin has implemented many cost reductions to lower SG&A, reduce manufacturing costs and manage inventory levels. Marketing, organizational, and personnel changes have been made to lower costs. New lower-priced products have been introduced to provide more alternatives for the price-conscious consumer. All of our segments have reduced infrastructure to adapt to lower volume levels. Organizational changes have been made to reduce management levels and combined functions. We are leveraging our resources to improve R&D, planning, product management, and other processes. Innovation in processes have enabled us to control costs on direct labor. SG&A has been cut and working capital is being intensely managed. Our strategy continues to be adjusted as the economic environment requires. Business conditions remain weak as we move into seasonally slower quarters. The residential business appears to have stabilized and the commercial business we believe will continue to be difficult next year. Substantially lower plant utilization rates in the fourth quarter will result in higher unabsorbed overhead. Carpet material costs will reduce margins until we pass them through with higher prices. Interest costs will be higher due to this new short term credit facility and the step off of our bottom rates. Our fourth quarter guidance for earnings is $0.28 to $0.38 per share. Excluded from that guidance is an estimated restructuring charge of $25 million, primarily non-cash reductions of our manufacturing distribution infrastructure further. Our cash position remains strong with free cash flow exceeding 2002 by almost 55%, a strong balance sheet, and ample liquidity. As we look forward to the first quarter, we anticipate continued seasonal headwinds that will improve as we go through the year. Indicators such as housing and consumer confidence are pointing toward an improvement in residential flooring expenditures. This has been the longest and most severe downturn we have had to manage. We continue to make the necessary structural changes to strengthen our long-term business. Each segment executing innovative ways to positively position us in all product categories. All our efforts to strengthen the business during this downturn will significantly benefit us in the future as the industry recovers. With that, we will be glad to take questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh -- Raymond James: Good morning, Jeff, good morning, Frank. How are you? Couple of quick questions. It looks like you are going to have about $57 million of restructuring costs this year, some of that capacity takeouts, some of that asset breakdown and it is happening throughout the course of the year. If you could give us a sense, Frank, as to what the incremental savings might look like in 2010 versus 2009 so we could get a sense of what is to come?
Frank Boykin: You know, we should see a payback on that over the course of about anywhere from a year to a year and a half payback, Sam, starting in 2010.
Sam Darkatsh -- Raymond James: But you would've already picked up some of the savings in 2009, is that correct?
Frank Boykin: Correct. It is more towards the backend, obviously, than the front end, but just answering your question in terms of payback for the next year and how to look at it.
Sam Darkatsh -- Raymond James: And would the payback be similar on the Q4 restructuring, because it seems to be more asset write-down than capacity takeout?
Frank Boykin: Yes, when we talk about payback, I am talking about earnings.
Sam Darkatsh -- Raymond James: Okay. Second question, this is to housekeeping. Can you help quantify the timing issue with some of the Unilin expenses that were pushed out? Could you help quantify that a little bit?
Frank Boykin: Let us see. Well, we have not broken it down separately, Sam. What we're trying to do when we described the third quarter and in the fourth quarter was just to go through some of the issues that impacted the third-quarter favorably and how they might impact the fourth quarter. So we are not prepared to break that out separately.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And as we go into the fourth quarter, we are expecting the yield and margins to be lower based on the impact of low volume and the price and mix changes. We have higher raw materials we are anticipating as well as energy costs as we went from the third quarter into the fourth quarter. We are expecting to spend more money in our marketing with our new product introductions as well as investments in our brands. And some of the maintenance costs, we keep trying to postpone them as long as possible, so some of the maintenance costs will be higher in the fourth quarter than they will through the rest of the year as we invest in the maintenance pieces. And then finally, on the exchange rates, we are having an impact on both the pricing and volume as we shift stuff outside the European marketplace and those things combined are going to lower the margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Megan McGrath with Barclay's Capital.
Matt Langdon -- Barclay's Capital: Hey, good morning. It is actually Matt Langdon on for Megan. I was hoping we could talk a little bit about the commercial market. Is there any way you could quantify how much weakness impacted this quarter and how do you go about forming your expectations for 2010?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, based on all the information we have gathered through ourselves and the marketplace, most people have the markets in commercial declining about 20% to 25% in 2009 and then there is another 10% to 15% decline in 2010, seems to be like the best overall estimate that we are getting in. We would assume those are somewhere in the ballpark.
Matt Langdon -- Barclay's Capital: Would you say that those expectations are different from where your expectations were a year ago for the commercial market?
Jeff Lorberbaum: As regards to the year, as the financing has become more difficult, there are very few projects than you started as you go through to the new construction continued to decline. On the other hand, as businesses get under pressure, they start corresponding remodeling and different pieces of it, so I mean I guess our perception is that declining more so than we would have guessed a year ago.
Matt Langdon -- Barclay's Capital: Okay. And then finally, you mentioned that your customer team is focused on government healthcare and education. I was wondering if you could quantify what percentage of your commercial business is into those subsectors and how quickly you think you could shift focus at the subsector level?
Frank Boykin: I don't have the percentage. There are many cases as it gets, so we don't see it all as it goes through the channels. But what is happening is, we are out in the marketplace justifying the products. We have changed the direction and amount of time people are spending in each of the channels, because we know that the government supported pieces healthcare will steady out better than the other categories.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim with Credit Suisse.
Dan Oppenheim -- Credit Suisse: Thanks very much. I was wondering if you can talk a little bit more about the challenges in terms of -- what we are seeing in terms of the pressures from raw materials to here and pricing? As you see, they are going up into the negative margin impact. Is there much more that you can do in terms of taking out costs overall, is there more plant consolidation? How is that you are looking at that, thinking forwards to 2010?
Jeff Lorberbaum: In the quarter we are in, we are going to have another $25 million worth of consolidations in various parts of both the ceramic business, the carpet business, as well as the distribution structures. So as the business contracts, we are making arrangements to lower our structures with it. The raw material costs are related to the chemical costs that support our raw materials and our carpet division. Almost all the chemical costs have gone up. The chemical costs that have risen out of proportion with oil prices as the production levels have gone down by the supply base and that the industry needs to patch them through.
Dan Oppenheim -- Credit Suisse: Got it. And in terms of the -- you were talking about hitches in residential. What is it that you are seeing in terms of the end markets there and how do you look at the -- as consumers are more price sensitive, how do you look at the margins you can achieve in the more commoditized products versus the more branded?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It appears that -- when you go through the different parts of it, you have to -- new construction business is hard to get less than at that, that would just close up the whole industry. So I mean, we are assuming that it is going to be improve and come in from a very low base, but not be significant, because we are not expecting a quick rebound. You have the existing home sales that impact the remodeling part of the business and we are expecting those to remain at reasonably healthy levels and have a positive impact. And then as you look at consumer confidence, the consumer confidence is not what we would like it to be, but it is dramatically better than it has been. So given these things, we are hoping that we stay in the bottom and that next year will show improvement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with J.P. Morgan.
Michael Rehaut -- J.P. Morgan: Yes, hi, thanks, good morning. First question, I was wondering if -- kind of following up on the raw materials for 4Q in the carpets segment in particular, what type of a dollar impact are we talking about there?
Frank Boykin: The most likely range of increases -- we talked about, the industry talks about and we announced increases in the earlier point that we have postponed executing. We are in the 5% to 7% range. So I assume that as we go forwards, we will see an increase somewhere in that range to the carpet industry and our pricing.
Michael Rehaut -- J.P. Morgan: What would that translate back into the actual raw material hits that you are expecting to absorb in the quarter itself?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The expectation is that when we put our increase in is that we try to cover the raw material cost increase. One thing to remember too is that you never get everything you ask for.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg with UBS.
Susan -- UBS: Good morning, it is actually Susan [ph] for David. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about expanding the laminate business into the DIY channel? Give us some details around that fee and discuss the overall sort of impacts to your pricing power and profitability.
Frank Boykin: Historically, most of our bails have been to the specialty trade and again, we have focused on the mid to high end of the marketplace with limited in the commodity ends. As we have gone through this recession in both Europe and here, what has happened is that DIY channel appears to be doing better than the overall marketplace and so we have started going after and have had some opportunities with various DIY companies in both the US and Europe and we are continuing to go down that path. We think that we bring to the market place sophisticated style and design that differentiates us for the market and that we think that we can participate in all of them successfully.
Susan -- UBS: Are you seeing any significant trade down, are your customers moving from your higher-price down to your lower and how do you think that in the long term, as things normalize and come back, that will play into the ultimate profitability of that segment?
Jeff Lorberbaum: In every product category that our business and most that I am aware of in the world and the country, the customers are going for lower cost options and trading down to cheaper products and in most cases, lower margin products. How this changes over time is anybody's guess. We believe that as we come out of the recession, that people who desire to have better quality products and it will come out of the compression it is in today.
Susan -- UBS: Okay, so no change in terms of your longer-term on Unilin profitability there.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Of Unilin?
Susan -- UBS: Yes.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think as we increase our participation in the DIY, that they tend to buy lower quality products, and so it will have some impact that that becomes a larger portion of the goods.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor -- Longbow Research: Good morning. Just a couple of questions. Just to build on the last caller's question, you talk about taking your style and your design down market. Are you a little concerned about compromising your brands in the recovery phase of the cycle?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You have to be very delicate about how you do it and where you go. We have different brands to go under different market places. So we have strategies of how to use those and to keep them differentiated in the marketplace, not to destroy one market when you create another. And that is through both product design, it is through brand, using different brands which we have a lot of brands we can use. It is between segmenting the marketplaces, both geographically as well as channels within it, and also using different products from channel to channel.
David MacGregor -- Longbow Research: Okay, thanks. Second question was just -- historically, the fourth quarter has been one of your better quarters. I was just wondering if we should infer from your guidance that most of the low hanging fruits have been picked on the cost cutting opportunity and will you still have some consolidation distribution, some of the things that you are talking about that the cost cutting opportunities kind of decelerate from here and what you really need is just a volume recovery before you can get any material improvement in your earnings power.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We are still cutting costs. In the third quarter, we said we have reduced by 850 people in the total organization. We have the $25 million of costs we are going to take -- right off them and take in the fourth quarter. We are continuing to re-evaluate all the pieces on an ongoing basis. So we are trying to manage through it as best we can. In the fourth quarter, we discussed before that Unilin is going to have some higher costs both in marketing and new products as well as maintenance that don't continue at the same levels, but they will happen in the fourth quarter. And then we have the raw material increases that we are having to absorb in the carpet category until we can pass them through.
Frank Boykin: And David, just to add on that, you are right. I mean, the easier restructuring items have been done and what we are doing now are the more difficult and complex and obviously, volumes are going to help a lot once we get that back. The fourth quarter and first quarter seasonally are always the slowest. So that is impacting our margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Mark -- Cleveland Research: Good morning, this is Mark [ph] stepping in for Eric. In terms of your ability to get through a price increase, do you have any sense of the timing on the carpet side and then how quickly do you typically recover the cost pressure when you do put through a price increase? What is kind of the timeline of that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The timing, as soon as we think we could execute it we shoot through the marketplace. And sooner is better. What was the second part of the question?
Frank Boykin: How long does it take to implement that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It takes more than a quarter with different channels that have different time requirement basics with it, but some are between four and five or six months, depends on which channel and where it is.
Mark -- Cleveland Research: Okay. Secondly, in terms of inventory, continued to slow production and bring inventory levels down. Are you seeing from your customers in the non made-to-order businesses, are they showing any willingness to carry a little bit more inventory? And how are you thinking about inventory levels if demand were to show some sort of an uptick in the coming quarters? Do you expect any sort of restocking at that time?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I believe inventory levels they are low through most of the channel. Most people have cash flow opportunities of their own. And so most of them are being very cautious about the inventory levels. So that is a good thing. When business picks up, the question how fast will they put inventory in the channel or keep it. I think that we have enough capacity, availability to move up with it. As far as we can see our own estimates of how it might rise up over the next few years.
Mark -- Cleveland Research: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill -- Zelman & Associates: Hello, guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Frank Boykin: Good morning.
Dennis McGill -- Zelman & Associates: Good morning. The one thing I was hoping may be you could elaborate on a little bit is on the pricing that you guys attempted to push through, but delayed for the time being. Can you may be just go through from a customer standpoint, what is different this time versus in prior attempts to raise pricing? I know the industry has had a lot of success in the past and with residential stabilizing. I would think that you would have similar success now. So whats the push back to the price increase that caused you the delay?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The price increase was announced by my competitor. And the industry followed with announcements of it. Before we could put out our specific product and price increases, my competitor postponed the increase. We assume the reasons are because they felt that would disrupt the selling season and the environment with that.
Dennis McGill -- Zelman & Associates: Is this a weaker demand environment today then may be fourth quarter of last year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You have to ask the competition why they did what they did.
Dennis McGill -- Zelman & Associates: Okay, fair enough. And then on the raw material side, can you maybe go into some of the specific areas where you are seeing a pressure and maybe just give us an order of magnitude of how much they are upfront, say second quarter and then also due to our impact on raw materials and may be you are feeling pressure on in the Dal-Tile and Unilin segment?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The carpet side, the nylon, polypropylene, the backing, the latexes, all the things that have various chemicals in them, those chemicals have risen significantly and are being impacting the costs of our raw materials that we utilize in almost all of the various product categories we have. On the Unilin side the oil-based chemicals and then some of the wood prices are anticipated to be going up this quarter from where they were impacting those costs.
Frank Boykin: The Dal-Tile doesn't really have any impact.
Jeff Lorberbaum:
 :
 :
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Cowen.
Laura Champine -- Cowen: Frank, this is just housekeeping, but the $5 million to $6 million you said we should expect in Q4 on the corporate line, I am assuming that is operating income, and then that caught my eye because I think that is usually a down line sequentially, so I am wondering if you have got some restructuring going on in Corporate that's inflating that line or what's in there?
Frank Boykin: Its about inline or is about $4 million this quarter loss and we are expecting $5 million to $6 million next quarter. So, it's kind of inline with -- and lot of that just due to timing when we make certain payments.
Laura Champine -- Cowen:
 :
Operator:
 :
 :
Stephen East -- Pali Capital: Good morning, guys. Just sort of staying on the raw material again, because it seems like topic of the day. Frank, if you look at third quarter versus second quarter, could you put some impact on your gross margins, what it hit you by and given that you are trying to put through a 5% to 7% for the fourth quarter, that obviously takes time. What do you think that similar impact between third and fourth quarter will be?
Frank Boykin: I think the way we have been talking about it, Stephen is, sequentially in the third quarter, we saw an increase and then another increase in the fourth quarter and that is where when we try to put in that 5% to 8% price increase intention was to cover the cost increase that we had in the fourth quarter.
Stephen East -- Pali Capital: Quantitatively, I guess if I look at the third quarter, what would be like the basis point impact do you think you had versus second quarter, and may be what do you think for the fourth quarter?
Frank Boykin: I don't think we're prepared to get that information out.
Stephen East -- Pali Capital: Okay. Then if you look at Unilin, even though you had pretty much similar volumes in third quarter versus second quarter, the margin was down nearly 300 bips, I know lot of that had to be due to shutdown. But what else was being -- were the primary drivers? Was this just the board situation?
Frank Boykin: We had said in the second quarter, when we were guiding for the third quarter that we expected Unilin margins to go down. They just didnt go down quite as much as we thought, but they did have pressures in pricing and pressures in raw materials, but not as much as we are expecting in the next quarter.
Operator:
 :
 :
Keith Hughes -- SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. On the raw material, is it both your residential carpet as well as your commercial carpet being affected by this?
Jeff Lorberbaum:
 :
 :
Keith Hughes -- SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. So even the commercial nylons are going up?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes.
Keith Hughes -- SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:
 :
 :
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean it would be like Eastern Europe, Russia, and UK as we export product to those market places. In some cases, we have had to absorb part of the difference in order to do that, as well as in the various market places there is their own competitive pressures from the poor conditions. So those things are impacting the margins that we sell into those markets at.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Garland Buchanan with Babson Capital.
Garland Buchanan -- Babson Capital: Thank you. I was wondering if you can give any color around the geographic performance for residential carpet. Did you see it particularly worse in any area or was there any area that might have surprised you in out-performance?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Tell you the truth, I dont have detail of that level here. If you like to call Frank afterwards, we will be glad to get it for you.
Garland Buchanan -- Babson Capital: Okay. And just generally speaking, what were your capacity utilization rates?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The capacity utilization rates are all over. We have multiple steps in the businesses, I would guess in the low end, they are probably in the 65% to 70% range and in high end they are probably in the 85% range depending upon different parts of the business in the third quarter.
Operator:
 :
Carl Reichardt -- Wells Fargo Security: Good morning, guys.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Hi, Carl.
Carl Reichardt -- Wells Fargo Security: I was curious about the local retail customers, I think I have asked this question before. Are you seeing much change in the number of them, any consolidation fallout or brand switch occurring anymore than you have seen in past cycles?
Jeff Lorberbaum: In past cycles -- as a matter of fact, every past cycle I have ever been, we predicted that the independent retailer was almost disappeared, I mean that is an extreme, but the independent retailer would fall out and not come back and what historically happened is that due to the limited amount of capital that the number of retailers shrinks, because you dont need as many outlets to get the product to market place. And then at least up till now we start creating new outlets as we come out of this, because of the low capital required. If this was going to be the same we will have to see again. But I'm not about to predict that its going to change dramatically, given my last 40 years.
Carl Reichardt -- Wells Fargo Security: Okay, thanks. And then on the bigger picture question outside the cycle, I'm curious about your capital management strategy once you come out of the downturn, what the industry does. Are you expecting that you'd continue to try to, I mean, you have got a broad product line now, would you look to try to add additional product lines, additional geographies, or could we expect more of the cash you are generating to go reduced leverage, perhaps pay a dividend or perhaps increase share repurchases or what could we think about capital management once we come out of this, Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Our primary objective is to find ways to grow the top line and enhance the shareholder's value. If we dont find the right acquisitions or risk levels, and we think we'll do that, then we'll move on to reduce the debt and trying to drive cash through the business and give it back to the shareholders. So it really depends on the opportunities that are available when that occurs.
Frank Boykin:
 :
Operator:
 :
Sam Darkatsh -- Raymond James: Hi, Jeff. This is an impossible to answer, but I just wanted to throw it out there anyway.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Maybe you can answer it when you ask it.
Sam Darkatsh -- Raymond James: You have a crystal ball that I'm curious as to what we are telling you, you are safe thinking at least that commercial next year and that your builder business, at least the industry builder business is probably going to be flat to down also, given the delay and when you ship versus the start. And I am guessing maybe half your business is going to be pressured next year. Do you see signs and what youre looking at in the retail business that would give indication that the other half of your business would be up more sudden there, where your sales might be up on a year-on-year basis next year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Youre right. We dont have any indicators different than the world has. Our assumption is that the marketplace is at the bottom and the replacement side of it, that consumer confidence is improving somewhat, that the government pushing monies through the structure is going to have an impact, and that people's confidence will improve and that we have -- still a lot of existing homes that have been sold, they have not been remodeled like we would have expected in normal times. So we believe there is a postpone purchases of both homes you are living in, as well as people that have purchased homes in the last couple of years that haven't been remodeled. Those things tend to portray an upside in there and were hoping to see that.
Sam Darkatsh -- Raymond James: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Michael Rehaut with J.P. Morgan.
Michael Rehaut -- J.P. Morgan: Thanks. Two quick questions here. First, on the cost cutting actions, and Frank you had mentioned the payback 1 to 1.5 years. Just to make sure I am thinking about it in terms of dollar terms in the right ballpark, given what youve taken, what youve expect to take in 4Q is a $30 million, $35 million incremental of benefits in 2010 in the ballpark?
Frank Boykin: Yes, thats in the ballpark, Mike.
Michael Rehaut -- J.P. Morgan: Okay. Second question, your comment earlier on the laminate business for Unilin in the U.S., talking about shifting toward even more value type products away from laminates. Given that laminates, I guess typically thought of as a value alternative to wood or even in some cases ceramic. Where are the customers going away from laminates? Are they going to vinyl or to some other wood substitutes or maybe you can give some color there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I am not sure laminates is any different than all the categories. In all the categories, the customers are shifting down to lower-priced products. And all the shift is in way different from categories. So that is lower costs options within the category. On the other side, if you look at the last 12 months, we have seen as an industry amount carpet and vinyl have done better as a share portion versus the other categories. Now the problem is it is a little misleading, because if you look at the hard surface categories, they tend to have a higher percentage in new construction, so as you look at it, the newer construction being off is impacting those even more. So I dont see a significant shift different than the other categories.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arnold Brief with Goldsmith & Harris.
Arnold Brief -- Goldsmith & Harris: Based on your presentation today, I am sort of concluding that your volume is off in line with the industry. And I would think that given the severity and the duration of the decline that a company of your financial strength at this point should be increasing market share. Could you discuss those market share trends and give me some perspective on what the smaller competition is doing? Are they folding up? Are they going out of business? So, whats going on in the industry?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You crossed a lot of thesis, I think that if I had to give you a high level view that I think in my carpet business, that we are holding our share, I think in our ceramic business, we are gaining shares, and I think in the laminates business, we are gaining share, but as the category on laminates we are in is not growing as much as the DIY portion or the lower end part of it. So, thats where we are the moment.
Arnold Brief -- Goldsmith & Harris: And do you see smaller competitors going out of business at all?
Jeff Lorberbaum: There are some, when you go through these things, the competition doesnt die rapidly, and banks tend to try to keep people going so they can find another alternative versus losing them, thats not in them. So, its a long drawn out process for people to fall out of the industry. There have been smaller ones, but they dont amount to a lot to change significantly the landscape.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Stephen East.
Stephen East -- Pali Capital: If we look at the demand, just two questions on that, if we looked at, first, what you saw in the progression of demand as you went through the quarter, and then, if we look at commercial on your sub-segments you talked about overall down about 25%, how much worse was office, and how much better were some of the target areas you are going after, government, healthcare, education?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Saying the truth, I dont have the data in front of me, but if you would like, we will get it for you and call Frank and he will give you some view of it.
Stephen East -- Pali Capital: Okay, anecdotally just, are those three significantly outperforming the industry averages overall on commercial?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Taking extreme like the hotel categories we look at, nobody is building a new hotel, nobody has got any excess money, they are not going to remodel it much. So, they have contracted all their expenditures significantly. The same thing on the corporate side if you see, is that businesses under stress try to minimize their expenditures in areas that they dont think will impact them significantly, and remodeling becomes one of the first things you throw out of the window.
Stephen East -- Pali Capital: And then if you look at your demand trends --?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The good news is though, the remodeling gets thrown out, is still required, and when on the other side, peoples confidence improves. They are ready and needed and at that point the rooms or areas look so bad they have to do it.
Stephen East -- Pali Capital: I am with you there. Okay, and then the trend of the demand?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Our belief is that the demand is going to continue to be under pressure, that you have the new construction that takes multiple years to flow through. It continues to tail out. There is less than less to be finished. Our products tend to go into the tail end of them, so the new construction fees, there is very little (inaudible). So that kind of create this void in the process, and it is going to have to be taken out. So the commercial thing, lag coming in, and it has a got a lag coming out as it always does.
Stephen East -- Pali Capital: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Jeff Lorberbaum.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We thank you for your interest in Mohawk and appreciate your time. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Lorberbaum  Chairman and CEO Frank Boykin  CFO
Analysts: Ray Onard [ph]  J.P. Morgan David MacGregor  Longbow Research Ivy Zelman  Zelman & Associates Daniel Oppenheim  Credit Suisse Susan [ph]  UBS Mark [ph]  Cleveland Research Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James Stephen East  Pali Research Laura Champine  Cowen Carl Reichardt  Wells Fargo John Baugh  Stifel Nicolaus Keith Hughes  SunTrust
Operator: Good morning. My name is Cynthia, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded, today, July 31, 2009. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Jeff Lorberbaum, President [ph] and CEO of Mohawk Industries. Please go ahead sir.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining our second quarter conference call. With me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review our safe harbor statement and later the financial results. Frank.
Frank Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. Our second quarter earnings per share of $0.67 surpassed our expectations. Our earnings per share was $0.79, excluding restructuring cost of $12 million. Operating income was $87 million, excluding charges primarily for the closing of a laminate flooring plant in Europe. Our results improved from the first quarter as we benefited from increased sales, lower cost, and higher utilization rates. Second quarter sales were $1.4 billion, a 24% decrease from 2008, or 22% on a constant exchange rate. During the quarter, we benefited from aggressively driving down costs, managing working capital, tighter control over capital expenditures, and an intense focus on our customers. Even with weakened demand in the quarter, we generated over $200 million in free cash flow, paid $122 million of debt, and invested $126 million in capital expenditures. We ended the period with a balance of over $225 million in cash. Our US residential and commercial businesses reflected macro conditions with low home sales, contracting business investment, and slow consumer discretionary spending. The European economy has contracted from the same conditions that are affecting the US economy. The economic consensus is projecting that the recession will end during the second half of 2009 and begin growing in 2010. The benefits from the government stimulus package had impacted the economy positively, as the money is being spent increased the end of this year and next. Demand in both the US and European residential markets appear to have reached bottom and are showing signs of stabilization. The US commercial business continues to decline and represents about 25% of our total business. Frank, would you give the financial report please?
Frank Boykin: Yes, thank you Jeff. As Jeff mentioned, net sales of $1,406 million were down 24% as reported or 22% on a constant exchange rate basis. All of our businesses are off as the environment remains challenging. Gross profit was $376 million or 26% of net sales, which is flat with last year, last year also being at 26%. Our gross margin, excluding charges, was 27% of net sales with raw material declines and capacity adjustments supporting our profitability. SG&A dollars were $292 million or 20.9% of net sales. The dollars were down 13% from last year as we continued to reduce costs, but were impacted by declining sales as we deleverage. Our operating margin, excluding charges, was $87 million or 6.2% of net sales. Included in the operating margin, as reported was a $12 million restructuring charge related to the closing of our European laminate plant. Interest expense was $30 million, slightly less than last year, which reflects our lower levels of debt. Other income and expense was income of $4 million, better than last year primarily as a result of favorable foreign-exchange gains. Our income tax rate was 6% as reported, lower than what we had anticipated due to you to geographical income mix and unrealized foreign-exchange gains. Excluding charges, our tax rate was 12%. Going forward in the third quarter and fourth-quarter, we expect our rate to be in the low to mid-teens, returning to the low 20% range in future years. Earnings per share was $0.79 per share excluding charges, and as we had mentioned, better-than-expected due to reduced raw material costs, timing of some expenditures, lower tax rate that I have discussed, and the more favorable foreign-exchange included in other income, and an overall good performance at Unilin. If we jump to the segments, the Mohawk segment sales at $768 million was 21% below last year. This was impacted by lower volumes and negative mix, which both continue to impact us. Our operating income came in at $21 million or 2.7% of net sales. This improved sequentially from the first quarter with lower raw material costs this quarter and higher plant utilization rates. The Dal-Tile segment sales were $377 million, 22% down as reported or 21% down on a constant exchange rate basis. Both the residential and the commercial businesses declined with Mexico performing better on a constant exchange rate basis. Operating income in Dal-Tile was $30 million or 8.1% of sales, impacted by lower volumes and fixed cost deleveraging. The Unilin segment sales came in at $280 million or 32% down from last year as reported or 24% down on a constant exchange rate basis. These sales were impacted by lower volumes plus some pricing pressure in the board business. Operating income, excluding charges in this segment, was $42 million or 15.2% of net sales. Unilin turned in a very strong performance, especially in light of this environment. They were impacted negatively by foreign-exchange by $6 million in the quarter. If we turn to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $227 million, which includes over $180 million in short-term cash investments. Our receivables at $779 million represented 49 days of sales outstanding. This is up from last year, impacted primarily by channel mix with our ageing, accounts receivable ageing still in good shape. Our inventories at $937 million represented turns of 3.8 times, which is in line with last year and sequentially, I would say that we decreased our inventories from the first quarter by $50 million. Our fixed assets at $1.9 billion included capital expenditures during the quarter of $26 million and depreciation and amortization of $77 million. We continue to expect full-year capital expenditures of $125 million, with depreciation and amortization for the full year at $290 million. Our long-term debt for the quarter ended at $1.859 million, down $122 million from the first quarter. We generated $202 million of free cash flow and paid down all of our prepayable bank debt during the quarter. We had plenty of available liquidity and with the improving credit markets many alternatives to consider for our capital structure. We expect we will continue to have strong cash flow and balance sheet in the future, and believe that we are well positioned for the future. Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. We are transitioning to a leaner, lower cost structure to emerge in a stronger position when the industry improves. After reducing production levels and cutting inventories in the first quarter, we operated all our facilities at higher production rates. We further reduced inventory levels from the last quarter by $50 million and lowered headcount and other variable costs, by reducing the infrastructure, adjusting production levels with demand, and proven productivity and consolidating some of our distribution structure. We are providing innovative products and services to bring value to our customers, redesigning processes, and managing our cash utilization. To streamline the business, we are investing in computerized process control and inventory management and distribution systems. In the first half of 2009, our initiatives have reduced our SG&A by about $80 million from the prior year. Our Mohawk segment sales were down 21% following the industry. Residential volume seems to be stabilizing at a low level with commercial expected to continue its contraction. Our pricing remains disciplined with pressure in the commodity category. Product mix has been declining as our customers trade down to reduce project costs. After peaking, raw material costs improved and benefited our second quarter results. We anticipate third quarter raw material prices will be up slightly from the prior period. Energy costs were down during the second quarter and are not expected to change significantly. During the quarter improving seasonal sales, higher plant utilization rates and lower costs helped to offset the deleveraging of our fixed overhead costs. We continue to cut controllable costs, including administrative, manufacturing and logistics costs, as well as reducing our infrastructure. We are rightsizing our commercial assets to reflect the industry decline. Our SmartStrand collection of residential products has been well accepted by the consumers, and we temporarily exceeded our suppliers capacity, which will be corrected in the third period. Increased sales efforts are concentrated on multifamily and residential remodeling channels, which will lead the category out of the cycle. Having acquired the Wear-Dated earlier this year, we're launching a new Wear-Dated DuraSoft collection this quarter, which features the softest nylon products in the category. Even our moderately priced rug sales are weakening, and we are value engineering new products to create lower-priced alternatives. The commercial business had emphasized in the healthcare education and government categories, which had outperformed other channels during this part of the cycle. Our new commercial products are focused on style, value and environmental attributes and are being well received. The Mohawk brand also introduced significant updates to our ceramic, wood, and vinyl programs adding products which offer styling innovation still specific price points. We are investing our product offerings and new systems for inventory, warehousing and customer management as well as updating our e-commerce systems. These investments will strengthen our business and support profitable growth. The Dal-Tile sales were down 22% during the quarter or 21% on a constant exchange rate as a result of the difficult economic environment. Dal-Tile has been impacted by the present contraction of commercial business, which comprises about 40% of our sales mix. We continue to gain share in the marketplace with many of our regional ceramic competitors struggling with the industry conditions. A new builder program is being implemented and it is increasing our penetration with regional as well as national builders. The Mexican market is following the US cyclical downturn, but we continue to grow our business by broadening our product offerings and expanding our distribution channels. We are making many long-term investments in Dal-Tile, including digital color applications, new systems for warehousing and distribution, new product innovations that include recycled content and antimicrobial protections. We're launching a new engineered stone program for exterior and interior uses as well as a commercial wood program to extend our Dal-Tile product offerings. The sales and logistics infrastructures in Dal-Tile provide differentiation and value to our customers. However, the fixed infrastructure has been deleveraged by the lower volume. We are cutting our logistics costs by combining some Mohawk and Dal-Tile regional distribution centers, consolidating some service centers, leveraging freight resources and reducing personnel. We have further reduced our cost with many initiatives on productivity, quality and product engineering. Our yields have improved and direct labor reduced, resulting in a lower controllable unit cost. Unilin sales declined 32% as reported or 24% on a constant exchange rate. Even in this environment, our operating margin was 15% and EBITDA margin was almost 30%, excluding the restructuring cost. All regions in Europe are being impacted by the economic downturn, and exports are being complicated by currency devaluations in Eastern Europe and Russia. Our laminate sales have declined with the residential remodeling and home sales. Our new introductions in longer and wider planks and our high-gloss products are being well accepted by the market. We are broadening our distribution with private-label products and sales to big boxes and commercial channels. We are expanding our customer base with our warehouse in Russia to support local manufacturing in the future. Royalties were impacted by declining industry sales and new licenses. Some new value-priced laminate products are being offered to expand our offering, and to provide promotional price points to our customers. Board demand is down in Europe, creating excess capacity and compressing prices in the market. We anticipate the industry will close facilities which are not low cost to reduce capacity. The roofing structure sales we have are also softening and selling prices have remained stable. A new insulation board in this category has been developed and a production line will begin this quarter, and we will begin shipping the insulation products to our customers in the period. We have expanded our wood product line and are distributing it under multiple brands to penetrate both the US and European markets. A new click system has been developed for wood that is easier to install than others in the market. In the US, we are in the process of closing one wood plant and consolidating our production. We are reducing Unilins cost structure by cutting our SG&A, personnel, and improving productivity. Reductions in working capital, maintenance costs, and capital expenditures have been implemented. In Europe, we have closed a flooring plant, and the cost has been expensed in the second period. We have restructured our European board organization to improve flexibility and costs. New investments are being made in technology, products and systems to reduce costs and maximize our future. In the second period, industry conditions were weak, and we anticipate the present trend continuing in the third quarter. Residential appears to be stabilizing in the low-level with signs of improving home sales, which are supported by low mortgage rates. The commercial decline is occurring and we're adjusting the businesses to the demand level. Our carpet raw material costs are expected to increase slightly in the second half. The Unilin results are expected to be lower due to holiday shutdowns, higher period costs and lower royalties. We continue to take the right steps to manage through the downturn. Our third quarter guidance for earnings is $0.54 to $0.63 per share. Excluded from this guidance is an estimated restructuring charge of $25 million, most of it being non-cash for reductions in manufacturing and distribution in all segments. Our restructuring efforts this year will reduce our fixed costs, and should have a payback of just over one year when fully executed. Over the last 12 months we have generated free cash flow of almost $500 million during the severe recession. Each of our businesses is managing the balance sheet to maximize our cash position, reducing expenditures, and remaining focused on our customers. The investments in our products, systems and organization will make the business stronger and more competitively positioned as the economy improves. At this point, we will take questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from Michael Rehaut with J.P. Morgan.
Ray Onard  J.P. Morgan: Hi guys, and this is actually Ray Onard [ph] for Mike.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Ray Onard  J.P. Morgan: Just trying to drill down more on the Unilin margin there, you know, up very strongly both year-over-year and sequentially, just wondering if you could provide some additional color there what drove the quarter. Then also looking out in the back half of the year, you know given the European holiday and potentially customers trading down with a continued negative mix shift, how do you see the margins kind of playing out there, and should we kind of be expecting a sequential decline there, or can you guys maintain that double-digit margin in Unilin?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let us see if we can answer that for you. You know, we started out in the first quarter of the year with the sales level down in the period as well as declining, reducing the inventories in the period. As we came into the second quarter we had higher plant operating level, which helped with the sequential volume improvement that went along with it. During the quarter we also had, we are able to reduce some of the marketing and maintenance expenses, which we pushed out. Some of them will hit in the third quarter and impact the third quarter results. In addition, we have had some lower raw material costs in the quarter, and signed some new licenses as well during the period. As we look forward, we don't believe that we can sustain these unusually good results that we had in the period. What we believe is that the third quarter is going to be, after the struggle with the holiday impacts in Europe's and we're making the assumptions that the volume is going to be impacted a little more than usual, and the downtime because of the inventory levels, and normal other things would be run less, so we will run the plants less than we had in the second quarter. In addition, we are assuming that there is continued pressure in market pricing, especially in the board part of our business. And then we talked about the cuts in marketing and maintenance costs being pushed from the second quarter, some of those falling into the third, and then the royalties, which we get, we are assuming the industry volumes going to continue under pressure and impact those. So we think that the margin sequentially will not be able to be maintained at those highs levels.
Ray Onard  J.P. Morgan: Okay, great that is very helpful. Just a follow up question to that on the Mohawk margins, you know, on the flip side those came a little bit weaker than our estimates. We thought maybe you guys are getting more raw material benefits in the quarter, and then given your commentary that raw materials are expected to be flattish or rise slightly in the back half. So you are expecting margins to be in kind of that low single digit range for the rest of the year?
Frank Boykin: There's going to be continued pressure on the margins. There is a chance that the margins could improve a little bit as we move forward in this segment, as we get the cost that we keep cutting out of the business, reducing the cost. So we're hoping that we will be able to see some improvement, but there are still a lot of problems with the industry volume coming down. We are trying to adapt to the unabsorbed overheads, but we are spending a lot of effort cutting those costs. With the same thing with all the businesses there is the mix trading down, which customers are really using the lower priced materials which is also impacting the margins in those things. But we think all the cuts in costs we're doing is helping the profitability as we go forward.
Ray Onard  J.P. Morgan: Great. Thank you.
Frank Boykin: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Good morning everyone.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Hi David. Good morning.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Jeff, you are talking about SmartStrand, and you talked about the fact that you had stressed your supply channel this quarter. I guess I'm just wanting to get your sense of whether you are becoming at all concerned about your suppliers rationalizing capacity at a time when everybody seems to be cutting costs and cutting capacity. Are we going to have supply channel tightness that could lead to may be greater than expected raw material costs, pressure over the next two, three, or four quarters.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I dont believe so. There is so much excess capacity, and the industry is off at 40% from the peak, and there has been some shut down, there is mix changes going on, but I don't see any significant shortages of capacity from there. There is more room to be related to the oil prices, and in the world market of chemicals. And so far I haven't predicted those too well, neither has anyone else. I don't know where they are going to be.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Great. Normally, it would be focused on other than the fact that you mentioned that you stressed that supply channel, was that something odd going on there that was really unique to this quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, we have a relationship with DuPont. It is a niche business with them. We're their only customer in the residential channel, and we try to manage our sales level to the infrastructure, and our business picked up a little bit more in the category than we anticipated. And so we had to adjust to it. They have another plant in China, and so we have been shipping stuff between those and started to, but it takes a while when you are in China and rearranging the piece to get the supply leveled out.
Frank Boykin: We will be at good shape with that when we get towards the end of the year, third or fourth-quarter time frame.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We dont perceive it as an ongoing process.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ivy Zelman with Zelman & Associates.
Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates: Good morning everyone, and good quarter guys.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates: Your overall improvement in margins is very impressive in the face of such weak sales, and I think your comments Jeff, clearly you're saying the sustainability of Unilin is not likely to be realized in the face of the challenging environment you are in. I think when you look at the outlook for 2009 and into 2010 realizing that you have got lots of headwinds, would you kind of prioritize for us with respect to the challenges in the market, where you see the greatest risks, and then maybe talk about some of the areas, where you think that we can see some surprises on the upside may be being new (inaudible) or it is just commercial for example. And within commercial, you mentioned education, government and healthcare. You know roughly speaking, can you break down sort of the buckets and how you guys market and prioritize your business mix?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Our business mix, I will start, the commercial businesses is really the biggest wild card at the moment that how far it has been a decline, how fast it has declined and the timing of it, we have no idea. We're just trying to prepare ourselves to adjust to it as we go through. In each of our businesses, Unilin basically has almost none in that area. So the impact is on the carpet business and the ceramic business. In those two, the ceramic business has a much higher percentage of commercial, which has served us well over the past couple of years, and now as it goes through it is going to impact it more as we go forward. With each of those, we're trying to adapt again to the climate and the restructuring cost that we are doing, we're doing across all the different business segments trying to reduce the infrastructure to the business to get them in line with where we proceed. It will be needed for at least the next few years and get them cut back. We have spent a lot of time. I think we have done a good job in cutting our SG&A cost and pieces as we come down. And I guess we will still stay behind it, because they have a hard time projecting out, how bad it is going to get, and so we're sort of behind the curve, but we think we are getting better at it and closer with it. On a forward basis, other than that I think that the raw material costs look like they will be fairly stable overall at this point. We dont see any seeing dramatic changes. There is some upward pressure that we see because of oil on the carpet side. I don't think that we think will be reasonably stable. So then the other big risk I guess is the competitors in the marketplace and how we all react relative to the marketplace, and the impact on pricing pressures. I have to say that so far we have been relatively that we as a company have been disciplined, and we hope that the marketplace doesn't get crazy. So far based on history, it looks like we're all doing reasonably well given the environment that we are in. I guess the upside -- we try to be as optimistic as we can on our going forward projections, and given the limited forward view we have, we make our best guesses at the pieces, and think we have done all these things. I think that somewhere along the line the existing home sales, you know seem to be turning more positive. The interest rates are still low. So the question is, is there a point at which the remodeling piece moves up, and so the biggest upside is if this happens sooner than later, and it is anybody's guess that at some point it should have a positive effect on the industry capacity. I think if the industry changes, our cost structure is going to be much larger than they were two years ago, and I think as the business improves in the future, I think we are well positioned.
Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates: That is very helpful Jeff, and just on a follow up with respect to mix you mentioned, the customer continues to go down price point in looking for more value, roughly within residential with Dal-Tile, obviously it is higher end ceramic choice for the consumer. What would you say the mix is from a, I guess, low-end value oriented product versus sort of the mid-to higher end, if you hadnt tried to categorize the residential piece?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I am sorry, the question is --
Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates: In the whole company?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The question is -- not sure I understood what you wanted to know?
Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates: I'm kind of trying to understand is like what would you perceive to be high-end product mix or mid-to high-end versus your low-end product offering, because there are products within the family of offerings that are considered to be mid-to-high end. I just don't know how big it is.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Across the whole piece. It depends where you draw the line. Typically, we all talk about commodity products, and commodity products are basically almost are helping price points of the piece, and depending upon which business they could be, you know, 20% or 40% or more of the volume, just the commodity, what we consider the bottom opening price points depending upon which business and which channel and then it keeps going up from there, and we make higher margins on the high-end pieces. On the other hand, we have higher SG&A costs associated with it. So if the mix comes down or we do lose margins as the customers trade back.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Oppenheim with Credit Suisse.
Daniel Oppenheim - Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks very much. Just wondering if you can talk about your plants in the inland business, you talked about some more value products. In the past, you talked about how trying to stay away from the low-end where it is more commoditized. Can you sort of give your overall strategy in terms of the product focus there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Sure. Historically there is opening price point that the lowest value providers in the marketplace provide. And our Unilin piece, it is a very small portion, close to zero of it. We still have -- our goal is really not to become the low price leader in the marketplace because we have so much more to sell than price. On the other hand, we are introducing products that we think add more value that fit right above that category that bring more to the marketplace. And we can get added value for them, but it allows us to participate in the markets that we are not in. At the same time in both Europe and the US we're looking at broadening the distribution through using multiple brands to get to the marketplace as well as going through different distribution channels again though with not the goal of being the leader in the commodity price points.
Daniel Oppenheim - Credit Suisse: Thanks very much, and I guess one other question. You talked about the initiative in terms of working with builders. Certainly you hadn't done as much there. How large an initiative do you think this could be, just if you can describe that, it will be great?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We always in the Dal-Tile business had a large builder business. What we're trying to do is expand our relationships with both the regional and national builders. Even though the timing is at a low level, we think it will help us in the future. We have put together additional programs, and they are historically both the Mohawk brand and the Dal-Tile brand had gone through after the ceramic part of the builders. And what we're done in the past year or so is focus the ceramic business through the Dal-Tile brand to those accounts. And we think we can bring them a broad selection that will offer them value and increase our business and penetration in the marketplace, and we are having good results.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg with UBS.
Susan  UBS: Good morning. It is actually Susan [ph] for David.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Susan  UBS: Going back to the kind of product mix, can you talk a little bit about how you think, in terms of your promotion, are there any promotions you can do that sort of help to move people back up the price points at all or how should you get them back into the higher margin goods?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I hate to admit it, but most of the promotions tend to be value oriented in this marketplace. You know, the customers are really driven by trying to attract consumers in their stores and so they tend to use price across the board, and they tend to expect you to help support them do that. At the same time, we try a lot of things to raise the customers up. You know, we talked about SmartStrand, we talked about the new branding strategy on the Wear-Dated brand. We are bringing different brands as well as different product innovations to the market place to improve the marketing value to the store as well as the customer, but in general, the marketplace is moving down. Those people are trying to conserve their capital on an individual basis.
Susan  UBS: Okay, and then can you also just talk a little bit about as you think about continuing to take costs out of the business, how you think about the trade-offs between your longer-term goals and your near-term needs to kind of take cost out?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, there is no simple answer to that question. The -- what we try to do is look over what the present needs are. We try to say how far can we reduce them before we impact negatively the long-term viability of the business that with that as the volume goes down, we have fixed infrastructure cost that are hard to take out. The labor pieces. We tend to be fairly good at raising and lowering those as the volume goes up and down. We believe that most of the labor fees that we can add back over time, and fill it back in as long as it will maintain the infrastructure. And then with the fixed pieces, you hear us taking restructuring and write-downs to consolidate facilities and to write-off assets. In many cases this has forced us to become, this downturn has really forced us to become much more productive, and we are getting more of the present assets, which will allow less assets to be used to support a much higher level of business in the future than it has in the past. There are no right answers to how much and every time we do it, we look through and if they werent any questions, we would have cut it where it is today two years ago. So as we keep seeing how the business is changing, we keep adapting to those changes and it has an estimate of, we are assuming now that it is going to be at least a not jump back to the level it was 2, 3 years ago overnight. So we think that we can build it back if it recovers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Mark - Cleveland Research: Good morning, this is Mark [ph] in for Eric.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Mark - Cleveland Research: First of all on the pricing environment and the fact that carpet margins were a little bit softer than kind of the mid-single-digit range you would have expected in the second quarter. Can you talk at all about any incremental pricing pressure within carpet, and then the fact that you are seeing your raws go up in the second half within that segment, your ability to get further pricing from here.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, let's start. First is that we are trying to increase our margins in this segment. We think that the cost that we have taken out the business and the levels we are going to be able to run at in the third quarter will help those, unless we get some unusual surprises. So they think those will help margins in that category a little bit as we go forward. I mean, it's a difficult environment, you know, weighing how much price you can get versus the marketplace is dependent upon the competitive situation that you react to, the combination of your own needs as well as the competitive marketplace. At this point, I can't tell how much the raw materials are going to change over time. It just looks like that it won't go up a little bit. I just want to make you aware of it. But it is not a surprise as we see it, and most of that is just based on how we proceed. This is the chemical and oil prices, but as you see week-to-week it is changing 10%, 15%. So, I don't know where it is going to end up. I don't know what else to tell you.
Mark - Cleveland Research: In terms of demand, does the stability you are seeing within residential, are you seeing your drops in residential become less worse or just not getting worse. How should we think about the statement about residential as we move into August?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We are really looking at more on a sequential basis. On a sequential basis, it looks like maybe we thought about and the question is, you know, we don't know what it is going to be next month any better than you do.
Frank Boykin: So the rate of decline looks like it's maybe stabilized. That's what we are trying to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Good morning Jeff and Frank. How are you?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We are well, how are you?
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Living the dream. A couple of questions for you. First of, this is more of just a housekeeping. The -- first of nice job both in earnings and also on the inventory management. The inventory was down sequentially in dollars. Was that down in yards or units also or was that an impact of the lower input costs?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I would guess it is some of both.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Okay, and the second question would be -- if we could just get you to clarify, specifically Unilin margins, expectations for Q3. You said it be lower and this will be unsustainable. We are just trying to get a sense of by how much approximately or by -- if there should be some sort of quantification to help us model it.
Frank Boykin: Good try, but historically we have not broken down each of the segments. We are trying to get you at least a method to get that to get you in the ball park with our estimate, but I have to give you more than that.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Our estimates arent right either. So the more -- the further we break them down, the worse they get.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East with Pali Research.
Stephen East - Pali Research: Good morning guys.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Stephen East - Pali Research: If the, following on (inaudible) question about cost structure, if I ask it a little bit differently, if you look at the pull outs that you've taken to date since this downturn started, how would you -- relatively speaking, how would you characterize those between permanent structural pullouts versus just purely volume related pullouts?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I dont know if I have the -- I'm not sure we look at it in that fashion. I mean, basically we have lowered the labor force somewhere around 20% in the piece. We have cut all the overtime pieces, and we have been able to cut the cost through productivity improvement and pieces. We are working short times and those things of the labor piece. So besides the 20% that is gone, there is another significant percentage that is much lower than it was. I don't know whether to call it temporary or permanent or both of it. You can change them back to the other direction with limited time. The facilities, we have shut down the high cost facility in all the various businesses. We continue to have more restructuring in the third quarter that we are going to reduce some more infrastructure. We have cut our distribution pieces significantly and what happened is prior to the downturn, we were building distribution to accept a much greater volume of business. So, what we have was exceeding our present needs. We are writing those of, we are consolidating those, we are in the process of consolidating some Dal-Tile and Mohawk distribution pieces. The Dal-Tile business, we have started centers around the country, where we have multiple ones in the same marketplaces in some cases, when the leases allow us, we are consolidating them to reduce that infrastructure, reduce the people in the infrastructure with the Dal-Tile SG&A. What else? Longer term, the things that are going to be needed in an upturn would be more ceramic capacity. We are looking at capacity in the Mexican market to supply the Mexican marketplace. We will need some more capacity to support the US market place long-term. In the short-term, we have always used the world marketplace of manufacturing to support our needs in ceramics. So, as the industry turns up we can -- we had as much as 30%, 35% being imported to support the business and now it is down in the teens, where it is more directly related to unique product category. We have capacity to support our Unilin business and Mohawk businesses for the most part. I think we will look at other expansions. We've talked about Russia that we believe in order to have a significant portion of the Russian marketplace, we will have to make some investments in Russia at a point in time. We believe that possibly we can use some excess equipment we have and do it relatively inexpensively to get in that marketplace and support it. So those would be the major investment needs.
Stephen East - Pali Research: Okay.
Jeff Lorberbaum: As I think turns up, which I think tries to answer the question a little differently.
Stephen East - Pali Research: Okay, that's helpful. If you know over the last year or so you have been trying to implement price increases as you saw the raw materials going up. You have obviously had a mix shift down. So we get that, but can you shed a little light on what you are seeing on the pricing front and have you been able to hold prices. I know it takes a while for you to get and implement it. Has that basically -- that effort disappeared or where do we sit with it?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Again, you have to look at each of the businesses. In the carpet business the commodity areas, which you would expect have had pricing pressure and give back in the pricing of the commodity product, and you get above the commodity product. For the most part, the pricing has been reasonably stable across those. The Dal-Tile piece, I think more pressure has been on the mix rather than the pricing. Dal-Tile historically did not play a large part of the business in the commodity. They had a commodity business but they limited this to match the capacity and to provide the product mix to the customers they were dealing with, but they didn't want a -- they didn't use it as a large part of the business. As the volume has dropped off, we have taken more of the commodity business. So it is more of a mix problem in that aspect, and then Unilin tends to play in the mid-to high end places with very limited amounts there. Well, we have gotten hurt in the Unilin business is the excess board capacity that we have. Those businesses that we said before there is significant excess capacity in the marketplace and those selling prices are going to close to cash costs in the European marketplaces, and it is going to take the closure of the high cost businesses to get it up a little bit, but then you have in those same businesses when business picks up, you can expect a significant change in the selling prices at some point.
Operator: Your next question comes from that line of Laura Champine with Cowen.
Laura Champine - Cowen: Hi, I know you usually disclose your unit growth by segment in your 10-Q. Can you give us a sense of that now or at least talk about direction?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't think we've got that in front of us now, Laura, but if you want to call me back later, I can talk to you about what's going to be in the queue.
Laura Champine - Cowen: Okay, but when you talk about the residential demand stabilizing, is that just a Mohawk segment or is that across all segments.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It is across all the businesses, it is the sequential volume that we are doing. It looks like possibly that the sequential volumes may not be going down any further.
Laura Champine - Cowen: Except, I think for the seasonal downtick you see in the laminate business?
Jeff Lorberbaum: But the seasonal things you are going to have, but going from second quarter to third quarter is what we assume now. The seasonality of the industry we're not going to change.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Reichardt with Wells Fargo.
Carl Reichardt - Wells Fargo: Hi guys. Just a follow-up on the residential question. Has there been a diffidence in trends if I look at the different distribution channels you have. I mean, is there deference in direct to builders versus big box versus the traditional small retailer. That would give us a sense of the residential improvement as more related to remodeling or new.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean, the new -- there is no go -- there is not much new going on,
Carl Reichardt - Wells Fargo: But if is just getting better --
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think what the news is that it has reached a point. I think whether we build 300,000 homes a year and so, you know, it has flattened out at the bottom. So I don't believe it's got any further to go. So it's down at the bottom and it appears that possibly that the remodeling piece may have hit the same bottom too.
Carl Reichardt - Wells Fargo: Okay, and the second question is related to Unilin and the royalties and just I'm curious, the royalties, are they tied directly to the volume that those utilize a technology are producing. Is there of fixed payment component of the royalties or it's something in the timing of the accrual of them that would have impacted the margins directly this quarter that we wouldnt see next quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have different arrangements with different groups of every type you can imagine, but a significant portion of the total is based on industry volume, and, you know, it is going to go up and down as the industry changes.
Frank Boykin: The other thing that will impact us Carl from quarter-to-quarter as Jeff mentioned earlier, is when we sign up new licensees and, you know, we could have some one-time nonrecurring royalty revenue that we might not repeat.
Carl Reichardt - Wells Fargo: Okay, I understand. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh with Stifel Nicolaus.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning. I guess I just wanted to drill down a little more on the carpet side, and there are a lot of moving parts. I'm curious as to where you ran capacity in the first half of the year. You know, you've been making changes all along assuming capacity bringing that down. Where you'd expect a run, say in the second half. Where you bringing inventories down in carpet as well so that even if we saw flat volumes going forward you'd run at better rates, and what's the interplay in volume with commercial still going down sequentially, the residential flattening. Do we still see lower, overall unit sale sequentially of carpet. I know that's a little long-winded question, but I'm really trying to grab at where you can get those margins to in terms of utilizing your plan in light of the fact that makes us down, when volumes are so depressed. I think as you look at the first quarter to the balance of the year, the first quarter was probably offering 10 to 15 percentage points below. As we go from the second quarter and the third quarter, we are assuming that we are going to run at similar rates plus or minus a little less, whatever we shut down in places. In the second quarter, we shut down a European land plan. In the third quarter, we have some plans that arent really executed. So I really can't go through all the details of it. We will be glad at the end of the quarter of the detailed list. But we are going to take out some capacity as we go into the third -- to come out of the third quarter.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: When you look at Mohawk Jeff, if we were in say a year from now and we ran volumes sequentially flat for the next four quarters given what you have done to date assuming everything else stays the same mix, price, and raw materials. Would we be looking at a material lift in EBIT margins, given all the costs you have taken out. I guess that'll be SG&A as well as, manufacturing cost. Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean the margins -- the cost should be down with the things we are doing and the margins are going to be based on what happens to selling price, the raw materials in addition to that.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question today comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: On the SmartStrand, how much is that represent of the carpet business right now?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's still a niche product at the bottom. It's not a -- it is not in line with the top three raw materials, which would be vinyl and polypropylene and polyester, but it's a growing niche for the piece. Again, it used to be considered polyester and with the government change they made a new product category out of it.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: There were still single digits of the volume you're doing.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's still a limited part of the program.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Okay, second question. You referred to $25 million of plant and cost-reduction charges in the third quarter. Within the Mohawk segment, what kind of things would you be doing in the third quarter there?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Reducing manufacturing capacity and reducing distribution capacity and infrastructure.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: The manufacturing capacity, have you taken out testing and extrusion or is it still getting rid of the spinning mills and things like that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I'm really hesitant to walk you through the pieces, because they are all not finalized and they are all not executed at this point.
Frank Boykin: We can talk a little bit more about it Keith as soon as we announced it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the allotted time for the question and answer session for today. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing comments.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining us. I think we are making the hard decisions you have to make to run the business in the atmosphere we are in, and I think it will be a much better off company. You are too down the road when the industry improves and we will have our cost positions much lower and lenient. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jeff Lorberbaum  Chairman and CEO Frank Boykin  CFO
Analysts: Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Stephen East - Pali Research David MacGregor - Longbow Research Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James Daniel Oppenheim - Credit Suisse David Goldberg - UBS Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Laura Champine - Cowen and Company Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates [Barrett Eamon] - Brownstone Asset Management John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
Operator:  Good morning. My name is [Mindy] and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries first quarter conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and CEO. Mr. Lorberbaum, you may begin your conference.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning and thank you for joining us to review our first quarter results.  With me on the call I have Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review our safe harbor statement and later the financial results.
Frank Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. Our first quarter sales were $1.2 billion, a decrease of 30% from 2008, and included 2 fewer days than last year.  We recorded $122 million charge from Encycle, a discontinued carpet tile backing.  Sales declined 20%, excluding the sales allowance, on a constant exchange rate with comparable days.  We had a loss in operating earnings of $146 million as reported. We had operating income of $42 million excluding the carpet tile charge, the $62 million FIFO inventory flow through, and a $4 million restructuring cost.  Our earnings per share in the first quarter was a loss of $1.55.  We have stopped shipping the Encycle backing system and are currently providing products with an established technology and proven history. We're satisfying our customers and have recorded the expense.  All segments anticipate positive operating income in the second quarter.  In the quarter we generated $38 million of operating cash flow, which is $118 million improvement over the first quarter 2008. Working capital improved, with inventories going down $183 million.  The balance sheet remains strong, with a cash balance of $137 million and credit availability of more than $800 million. The business is emphasizing cash management by reducing costs, minimizing working capital, and cutting capital expenditures.  This year we estimated depreciation and amortization of $290 million and capital expenditures of $125 million which have not been fully committed.  Our expected cash flow and capital structure will allow us to successfully emerge from this downturn.  The economic conditions in both the U.S. and Europe have remained weak. The industry is soft in all channels, including new and existing home sales, residential remodeling, and commercial. Our customers have a guarded outlook and are minimizing inventory levels by reducing purchases below demand level. Commercial construction and remodeling projects are being postponed due to the uncertainty in the economy.  The government stimulus, low interest rates and easing credit should improve the residential business as we go forward.  Frank, would you give the financial report?
Frank Boykin: I'd be glad to.  As Jeff stated, our net sales ended the quarter at $1.208 billion, down 30% from last year.  We recorded a $122 million charge, which included $110 million sales allowance and a $12 million inventory reserve for discontinued carpet tile backing. Excluding this sales allowance and on a constant exchange rate and days basis, the sales decline was 20%.  All segments and most product categories were down year-over-year.  Our gross profit was $154 million or 12.7% of net sales. Included in cost of goods sold impacting our gross profit is the $62 million charge for FIFO inventory cost flow through from the fourth quarter. In addition, we had the $12 million charge for the carpet tile inventory writedown and a $4 million charge related to the restructuring. Gross margin excluding these charges would have been 25.9%.  SG&A came in at $300 million or 24.8% of sales as reported. SG&A is down 11% year-over-year. As a percentage of net sales, SG&A would have been 22.7% if we exclude the sales allowance.  The operating loss was $146 million. Excluding charges of $122 million for the carpet tile charge and $62 million for the carpet raw material cost flow through and $4 million for the restructuring charge, operating income would have been $42 million or 3% of net sales.  Interest expense was $30 million, which is down slightly from last year. Both rating agencies, as we previously reported, have downgraded us to a rating of BB+. This will result in an increase of our interest expense by 50 basis points on our outstanding bonds and equates to about a $7 million incremental interest charge annually. Our income tax benefit was $73 million for the quarter. We had an unusually high tax benefit and a tax rate of 41% this quarter, and this higher rate is due to quarter to quarter changes in our earnings; however, for the future quarters - 2, 3 and 4 - we anticipate a tax rate in the range of 20% to 22%.  Our net loss was $106 million and loss per share of $1.55. Excluding the carpet tile charge using a 41% tax rate our loss per share would have been about $0.49.  If we jump to the segments, the Mohawk segment sales came at $594 million or down 34% from last year. Sales excluding the carpet tile allowance would have been $704 million or 22% or down 20% on a constant days basis. Our price increases appear to be holding, however with some pressure in limited areas. Our operating loss was $179 million and includes the $62 million FIFO inventory charge and the $122 million carpet tile charge. Our raw material costs have remained low. Operating income excluding these charges would have been $5 million at about a breakeven level.  Dal-Tile sales came in at $368 million or down 20% from last year. The sales would have been down 16% using a constant exchange rate and a constant number of days. We are continuing to improve our market position in this segment. Operating income was $21 million or 5.9%. We were negatively impacted in this quarter as we took our production capacity down to reduce our inventory levels.  The Unilin sales came in at $268 million, down 34% from last year. Sales were down 24% using a constant exchange rate and number of days. Operating income was $15 million as our board businesses continue to be under pressure. We had a negative impact from exchange rate in the quarter of $3 million. Operating income excluding the charge of $4 million for a wood plant closing would have been $19 million or slightly over 7%.  Our corporate segment resulted in an operating loss of $3 million, which is in line with last year. If we jump to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash of $137 million, representing a $43 million increase from the fourth quarter, and included $85 million in cash investments.  Receivables ended at $785 million or slightly over 48 days. We had some impact from negative channel mix and some deterioration in our aging, but it continues overall to still be in reasonably good shape.  Inventories came in at $986 million representing 3.8 turns for the quarter. We continue to drive inventory down in all segments, with inventories going down by $183 million since the end of the fourth quarter.  Our fixed asset at $1.9 billion included capital expenditures of $27 million and depreciation and amortization of $68 million during the first quarter. As Jeff had reported, we expect the full year CapEx to be in the range of $125 million, with depreciation and amortization in the range of $290 million.  Our total long-term debt ended up at $1.981 billion. During the first quarter we generated $38 million of cash flow from operations, which is a $118 million improvement over last year. We also generated $11 million of free cash flow.  I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our capital structure. We have a bank facility in place with approximately $830 million of availability that expires in the fourth quarter of next year and a receivables securitization with availability of $250 million that expires in the third quarter of this year. At the end of the first quarter this year we had drawn about $115 million on all of these facilities, plus we had another $120 million committed against letters of credit. The one covenant we have is a debt-to-capital covenant with a 60% limit and at the end of March we were at 42%. We don't believe we have any risk in violating this covenant.  Our next term loan payment is due in the first quarter of 2011 for $500 million. We are anticipating good cash flow through the year. We expect that the impact from the carpet tile allowance will be about $80 million net of taxes over the next two years.  We don't have any immediate needs to change our capital structure, but we continue to look at alternatives. The bond market continues to improve and offers an option for long-term financing. We've had discussions with banks to understand our options there as well. Asset-backed loan revolver appears to be the best alternative and we believe we could support up to a $600 million facility. The current market conditions include a three-year term with approximate upfront fee of about 400 basis points and an approximate LIBOR spread of about 400 basis points with no financial covenants.  We strong believe that we have sufficient cash flow and credit availability to manage through this environment. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.  All segments continue to focus on cash generation or reducing infrastructure, operating costs, CapEx and working capital. Our management is actively pursuing all opportunities to improve the business and position us for the recovery when it occurs.  During the quarter we cut employment levels by almost 2,000, shut down four operations, reduced warehousing by about 1 million square feet. We reduced production units below sales levels to bring inventories down during the quarter. This lower capacity utilization negatively impacted overhead absorption and reduced margins in the first quarter.  The Mohawk segment sales declined 34% as reported. The sales declined 20% excluding Encycle allowance with constant days. We've been shipping the backing for about two years. In 2008 most of our carpet tile was shipped with our proven vinyl technology. The Encycle backing accounted for less than 15% of our total commercial volume. Under certain circumstances we have technical issues with this backing related to product acclimation, site conditions and installation specifications where the tile did not lay flat. We are satisfying our customers. In most of our carpet tile production we use our established vinyl backing and has exceeded market expectations for more than 15 years and shipments will continue on schedule.  At the end of the first quarter we recognized we had a higher trend of incidents occurring on the Encycle backing and recorded a $122 million allowance to cover remediation where needed. The majority of the cost is for labor to correct the affected installation.  Last fall we also developed a new thermal plastic technology. The new technology's performing well at select projects across the country and we'll increase the shipments over time.  In the first quarter, our commercial carpet sales were in line with the industry. Raw material costs have remained relatively stable since the end of the year and, based on current estimates, they increased slightly [from] the year end. Our margins are showing improvement as we progress through the period, excluding the impact of the unusual events. Industry pricing has remained relatively stable, with pressure occurring in some specific areas. Seasonal sales improvements will increase capacity utilization and second quarter results should be positive.  During the period we reduced headcount by over 1,000 and closed two plants to adjust to lower demand. Our emphasis on tighter quality controls, improved processes, product reengineering and monitoring systems are improving our costs. Profitability improvements and staff reductions are enabling us to control our direct labor cost per unit, even with utilization declining. We have made further reductions in selling, administrative, marketing and distribution expenses. We continue to align the business structure with demand.  New product introductions are being delivered to customers and should positively impact sales. Our hard surface products continue to have a greater decline due to the impact of new residential housing to the total. The Federal Trade Commission recently announced that they approved the first new carpet fiber since nylon was introduced 50 years ago, which we use in our SmartStrand and Sorona products due to its unique characteristics, which provide higher durability, stain resistance and softness. This is a confirmation of the premium attributes of tour SmartStrand product and it should benefit our position in the market as we go forward.  In anticipation of federal spending our commercial business is emphasizing government, education and health care markets, where we have either a number one or two position in the market. The breadth of our product offerings allows us to satisfy the complete needs of any project whether styling, performance or budget-focused. Our new product introductions are providing greater value to meet the needs of tightening budgets. The Dal-Tile segment sales were down 20% in the quarter or 16% on a constant exchange rate with comparable days. Our commercial sales continue to decline as business investment deteriorated in the period. We believe our overall market position has improved due to our strong distribution capability.  Higher unabsorbed overhead costs compress margin as we cut inventory levels by reducing production. In addition, our distribution and selling costs were deleveraged due to lower volume. We continue to reduce sales, marketing, administration and distribution infrastructure.  We consolidated several low-volume service centers, as well as reducing staffing and renegotiating rents in many others. We've improved our manufacturing productivity, product yield and distribution costs. Material costs have been reduced by using suppliers closer to our operations, with lower transport costs. New warehouse management systems and freight strategies are being executed to lower inventory levels and trucking costs.  We're introducing a new engineered stone program that's used both for inside and outside applications and a new wood program that our architect representatives will begin specifying.  Our commercial sales efforts are focused on government projects in military, education, public housing and prisons similar to the Mohawk [inaudible].  We continue to gain position in the home center channel at the expense of imported ceramic alternatives.  We continue expanding our distribution and product line in a Mexican market which is performing better than the U.S. market.  We also received Dealer Choice awards at the shows as well as the Floor Trend Styling Excellence Award this quarter.  The Unilin sales declined 34% or 24% with a constant exchange rate and comparable days. The rate of decline was more challenging in the first quarter with the economic slowdown becoming more difficult and customers reducing their inventory.  Our U.S. and European laminate business reflected a slight improvement in the latter part of the quarter due to positive acceptance of our new introductions reaching the market. In Europe we introduced a new scratch guard protection which significantly enhances the durability and life of our laminate flooring.  The Russian market continues to perform better than the rest of Europe and we began locally inventorying product to improve our service and expand our customer base.  We signed additional license agreements for our patents, but our volume-based revenues have contracted with the industry. Board selling prices and volume are still under great pressure due to the excess capacity and low demand. The roofing structure sales have continued to decline with the market. In the first quarter we reduced inventory, warehousing, direct labor, selling and administrative costs.  In the U.S. we introduced new products to satisfy the more value-conscious consumers. We've launched a new line of wood products to transition previously sourced products to internal production. We are consolidating the management structure of our board products. We've temporarily closed one of our wood flooring plants in the U.S. and recorded a $4 million restructuring charge. This will reduce production costs until the capacity is required. In the second quarter we're considering the closure of a European laminate flooring plant, which will consolidate two operations together if it's confirmed.  Seasonal improvements in volume should increase utilization rates and positively impact all of our businesses in the second quarter. All of the segments are expected to have positive operating income in the second quarter from higher production rates, cost reductions, lower infrastructure and reduced material and energy costs. Based on these factors, our earnings per share guidance for the second quarter is $0.43 to $0.52 per share. Excluded from this guidance is an estimated second quarter restructuring charge of about $15 million related to potential capacity reductions. We do not see significant change in the flooring category in the near term.  We're maximizing sales opportunities while managing the cost structure and working capital. We continue to reduce infrastructure based on industry conditions and maximize our cash position. When the recovery begins we should benefit from the restructuring and other initiatives that have been implemented. With that, we'll be glad to take questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan.
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan: First question - and this is something, Frank, we've talked about before - I was wondering if we can just hit on this again. In terms of the raw material flow through on the Mohawk line, consistent with your expectations last quarter you had about a $60 million as you worked through some of the higher cost inventory.  With that, I guess, done and 2Q reflecting more current inventory or raw material prices I was wondering if you could, in looking towards 3Q and 4Q perhaps, with oil where it is right now, with nylon and polypro where they are right now, do you expect any incremental benefits from raw materials headed into the back half or from the cost side, given the current environment and pricing, the 2Q guidance that you've given, does that largely reflect the recent coming down in commodity costs?
Frank Boykin: The commodity costs during the quarter remained relatively stable from the end of last year. As we look out in the future, as far as a guess, but we believe that going forward the material costs should remain relatively stable through the year. There are some indications it may go up, so the projections aren't perfect and the last two years they haven't been any good at all. But assuming that they're relatively stable, that's good with it. And we don't perceive that there's significant benefit from a decline over the second half of the year. 
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan:  I'm just talking about relative to the 2Q, your guidance in 2Q, the assumptions that you're building into there in terms of material costs. My question more is that there's not like a continued drag from the higher costs of last year affecting 2Q, but rather 2Q is more reflective of the improvement in commodity costs that we saw in the back half of '08. 
Frank Boykin: That's correct. I mean, if anything there might be a slight - there's some timing, possibly, of some inventory to a little more or less that drag over or not, but for the most part we'll operating on the costs from the lower cost structure.
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan:  The second question, just as it relates to Unilin, you know, that's been an interesting story from a margin standpoint over the last couple of years. Initially when you acquired it, given that the volume was better than expected, you got some great through put or follow through on the margin side. Now we're in the mid 7 percentage range the last couple quarters.  What are you thinking about that going forward and are there incremental restructuring actions that you can take or from here on in is it going to be more of a volume-driven story?
Jeff Lorberbaum: To begin with, we're cutting costs there, too. I think in the first quarter we reduced the personnel in the business by I think over 300, so I don't want you to believe that we're not taking action to manage the business in all the various segments. In addition, you're correct, but if you look at the EBITDA in the first quarter it was actually 18% EBITDA, which is not a bad position to be in, which we think is much better than the entire industry is anywhere close. As we go forward we're going to continue managing the pieces. It's not any different than the rest of our business. The European economy has deteriorated rapidly, like the U.S. economy. The part that's related to housing has dropped dramatically with credit. Markets like the U.K. and Spain are off much more, which we have significant business in. So the same thing the rest of business is dealing with we're dealing with there, too. As we look forward, it's going to take awhile for some of the conditions to change. Our laminate flooring business is actually doing the best of all the different product categories in the business. The other pieces where we have boards that we use internally and externally, the external portions are at very low pricing in the marketplace. They're highly capital intense businesses and so those businesses have gone from a year or year and a half ago at cyclical high margins, they've gone to basically cash costs is it in those kinds of pieces, which it typical.  There is capacity coming out of those and there'll be more capacity coming out, and the companies with good low-cost positions, which we have, will end up doing very well once we get through this portion of the cycle.  What else can I tell you about?
Frank Boykin: Mike, one thing I would add is we will see improvement, I would say, from Q1 sequentially into Q2, 3 and 4 in the margin for Unilin, but we're not going to see them at the same level that they were last year until we see some volume improvement. 
Michael Rehaut - J.P. Morgan:  Is that more related to a seasonal trend or is that more a flow through of some of the cost actions that you've taken?
Frank Boykin: All of the above.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: I know in 4Q you tried to underproduce to fix the inventories and it didn't work out so good because the volumes were lousy. Can you talk about in 1Q how much you underproduced and now are you kind of done with that effort?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Comparing the first quarter to ongoing, we cut the production rates in all the various business below, which is what allowed us to reduce the inventory levels from the fourth quarter to the first quarter.  If you look forward, just in general we have a lot of businesses with a lot of different rates they're running at, but in general I would say the majority of them will probably improve from the first quarter to the second quarter somewhere in the neighborhood of 10% to 15% in the utilization rates as we quit pulling down the inventories as much and as the seasonal increase in business is coming along, which should have a positive impact on us.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company:  So should production match sales in 2Q or will you still underproduce a bit?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, a lot of it depends on the demand levels and where we are. The basic plan set up today is to keep them flat to down slightly, but that can change based on what happens with demand.
Frank Boykin: So we would think production and demand would be kind of close.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company:  And then my follow up is you made the comment sequentially the Unilin margin should improve from the 1Q level. Can you make the same statement about the tile margin?
Frank Boykin: Yes, we should see some improvement there as well due to the capacity utilization.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Stephen East - Pali Research.
Stephen East - Pali Research: First question, just sort of to follow on what Eric was asking, just a little bit differently, if you look at specifically with the Mohawk segment - because I assume that's where, one, you saw most of the raw material pricing pressure that came through; two, probably the greatest capacity utilization decrease - if you looked at it either on dollars or as a percentage of sales, what type of margin swing would we expect to see 1Q to 2Q in that division?
Frank Boykin: We were flat at the end of Q1 if you pull out all the unusual items and hopefully we can kind of be in the mid single digit range going forward, a little bit higher or maybe a little bit lower depending on what happens with demand.
Stephen East - Pali Research:  And then the other question, Jeff, you talked about what you expect for raw material pricing as you go through the year. If you look at your product pricing, so far it's been pretty stable, you said, with a few items ticking down. What's your expectation as we move through the year given both the demand cycle and as raw materials have backed off relative to last year?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean, our assumptions are that there'll continue to be pressure on the pricing in the marketplace. The entire industry has more assets than the industry needs. So far we as a company have tried to maintain discipline in it. We're going to continue to do that. On the other hand, as in any time you have, the more commoditized products, they tend to have more volatility in the pricing, which is where more of the pricing pressure is today. The other thing that's going on is the mix change of the customers. As the customers have tried to reduce their expenditures and budgets, there's a downgrade in the average quality across all the different businesses and segments. And then the same thing, as we try to maximize our exposure to the marketplace, there are areas that we might not have been as aggressive in participating in at points in time; we're broadening out our participation in all categories. And the combination of those things are lowering the mix on top of the pricing.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David MacGregor - Longbow Research.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: I guess on the 24th of February we were chatting on a conference call and you'd indicated guidance of $0.80 to $0.89 loss and 35 days later you put up a pretty good number, much better than that. So what outperformed your expectations over the balance of the quarter?
Frank Boykin: If you look at the operating margin level and exclude what happened with the tax rate, I would say that it spread throughout each of the three segments equally and there's not any one thing that stands out other than we've continued to focus in each of the divisions and each of the segments on cost control, cost cutting, and that's really helped us in the quarter.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research:  How much was the tax rate?
Frank Boykin: For the first quarter?
David MacGregor - Longbow Research:  Well, no, you cited that as sort of driver behind having - 
Frank Boykin: Well, it was 41% was the benefit, right? It was 41% in the first quarter. And I think as I'd mentioned in my remarks that going forward into Qs 2, 3 and 4 it's going to be the 20% to 22% range. You get really unusual tax rates with the fluctuation between quarters the way we've had over the last few quarters in earnings.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research:  I guess as a follow up I'd be interested in your thoughts on the distribution infrastructure that you've talked about as a potential cost saving opportunity and how much opportunity is left there? Are you concerned about exiting markets or the operating costs of having to ship longer distances once diesel gets back to $4?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We've continued to look through the distribution system and try to find ways of improving it. There are many ways of doing it. You start first with the shipments from the factory to the end point and we're finding ways of re-working the business where we don't touch it as many times or stop as many times between points. We look at modes of transportation, how you put more of it on lower-cost modes. We look at how to manage the loads, where you raise the weight on each load to do that, and there's a balance between those things and the service levels that go along with them.  Within those, you then go back to the warehousing out in the marketplace. At points in time a few years ago we made decisions that the business was going to expand for a period of time and we actually rented warehouse space that was more than we needed at the time expecting to need it in the future. And so we're [thinking] - and we've taken some in the fourth quarter and other periods - about writing off certain amounts of the space and moving out of those spaces as we go through.  We've talked about the Dal-Tile system. We have 250 service centers. At the service centers we have reduced the number of people in them. We're looking in certain marketplaces as the volume comes down where we could three or four of them could we do with one less? Can we consolidate them together and maintain the business? And we're making some decisions to do that. We're renegotiating rents. Where the rents are coming up in the near we're renegotiating rents and getting some concessions on rents as we go through.  So we're doing a lot of things to manage it and hopefully we can find the right balance between service and cost. 
David MacGregor - Longbow Research:  How would you assess the remaining potential? It sounds like you've done a lot already, which is to your credit. I'm just wondering what's left in terms of upside.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I can tell you that in every part of our business there are contingency plans being made for every part of the business and the question we put down what if things get worse? If they get worse, how can we do them? And then there's other parts of the piece that say are there information systems and things that can allow us to operate the business different? Today we have new planning systems that have been put in and are still being executed in the Mohawk segment. We have new warehousing systems that are being executed in the Dal-Tile system. We have - we call it a service center system - on the bottom end. All of these things allow you to see what's going on more and increase productivity, so those investments are being made which will help us reduce the cost further. And then again we're looking at have we taken out where we do multiple touches and are there ways of doing that? And there are ongoing discussions in every category.  I think there's probably some more left. We haven't defined it yet or we would have executed it. 
David MacGregor - Longbow Research:  Do you move more towards independent distributors or do you just try to continue controlling your own distribution but on a more efficient scale?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The decisions are two separate pieces. We actually look at the distribution, the outside distribution, as potential customers and at all times we try to maximize our sales through that d4; channel because they have different relationships with customers. One of the reasons our businesses are structured like they are, they have different brands and different products that segment them so that we can have multiple avenues to get to the marketplace. So that's one distribution channel.  Separate from that, the Mohawk distribution channels in the Dal-Tile and Mohawk segments will continue to be there and there's no plans to reduce those distribution strategies.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research:  Just quickly, what's your update on expectations for sourcing cash from working capital in '09?
Frank Boykin:  I think working capital's going to be a source. Is that in fact your question? It depends, too, David, if we get real lucky and the business upticks at the end of the year, then I'll have to give you a different answer. But based on kind of where we're running right now, it should be a source.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research:  Can you quantify that for us? I think you thought it'd be a source last quarter as well.
Frank Boykin: Yes, I think it generally runs, what, 18% of sales, in that range.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Just two quick questions. First off, in your prepared remarks you mention that, I think, the sales allowance would be $80 million over the next two years. Does that mean that you'll continue to take allowances against sales and EBIT like you did in the first quarter going forward or is that an offset to what you already recognized in terms of charges in Q1? I'm confused as to the go forward impacts of the Encycle allowances.
Frank Boykin: Let me try on that one again. So we set up a reserve of $110 million to use for future payments that we'll make for remediating the issues. That's our estimate for what it's going to cost in the future and we expect that it'll be paid out over two years. So that is our best estimate, conservative estimate, and we don't anticipate having to do anything in terms of P&L charges in the future. The $80 million was cash. I just want to make sure you understand that. That's cash. 
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James:  The restructuring actions that you took Q4, Q1 and then upcoming in Q2, I think if my math holds is roughly $45 to $50 million or so. Can you give us a sense of what the structural cost that that $50 million P&L impact has been able to take out of your cost structure? I know some of the savings are going to be dependent upon volumes, but to get a sense of what kind of permanent cost has been taken out?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We tend not to develop our numbers from the perspective you do. We start down with the bottom of it and say what manufacturing assets are required, what flexibility is required, how do we manage the cost structure to do that, and it's a bottom up structure that we then take it from the top view. What we end up doing is analyzing it from a percentage of sales revenue and then we focus on that as a basis to develop our future estimates and earnings for the rest of the year internally. And so we really don't roll them up in the manner that you are looking at it from. It's an adequate way of doing, we just do it more from the bottom up rather than the top.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James:  But you would still, I would imagine, have a hurdle rate with any kind of capital allocation decision that you're making and a restructuring action, I would guess, would qualify as a capital allocation decision. How should we look at normally a - 
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, let me tell you, the one in the first quarter, there was $4 million and the $4 million should take at most a year to get back. How's that one?
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James:  Is that normally the standard for our purposes, Jeff?
Frank Boykin: It's going to vary, Sam. Some are going to take longer and some are going to take shorter depending upon the complexity and the location and deal with different, for example, laws here in terms of timing and what you can do with things as opposed to outside of the U.S. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: In some cases, you know, there are non-cash write-offs and cash write-offs so depending upon each one, it's a write-off but it may be that it doesn't cost us any cash and you get it back Day 1. 
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James:  And final follow up regarding the restructuring would be are most of these cost extractions of a more permanent nature or would they be coming back should the volumes return?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The majority of the time that we write something off, it's permanent. Now, the one in the wood business, that one's mothballed so the costs are basically getting rid of the people, the inventories and managing the change from one plant to another because we believe down the road we're going to need it. Other than that, in most cases they're permanent forever. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Daniel Oppenheim - Credit Suisse.
Daniel Oppenheim - Credit Suisse: Frank, earlier you were talking about margins improving as the year goes on, but also talking about only limited price pressure in some areas. Can you talk about that sort of among the segments, where you are seeing that pricing pressure?
Frank Boykin: Pricing pressure in each of the segments, I would say in terms of selling prices, as Jeff had mentioned, we are seeing pricing pressure in commodity products and in certain promotional areas as well. In Dal-Tile we've seen some pricing pressure with some of the surcharges that we've put in place.  Jeff, I don't know if you want to address anything beyond that.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Again, across all businesses, the more commoditized the products are, the less differentiated, the more pressure on the prices everywhere.  And then the other part, which is hard to put a number on, is the mix change, which is the customers purchasing, even though we haven't changed the selling prices, they're buying more lower-margin products as you go through. And those things are impacting the average selling prices.  And then the third piece is historically we manage how much we do in different channels and different price categories and in the environment we're in we're being more aggressive in participating in some lower-margin areas that we would not have when the industry was running wide open.  Now the other piece just to [inaudible] the board business in Europe, again, is different. The prices in that change readily - they go up and down - and the industry has given away all the margins to run the assets because of the high capital investments there and that's more typical of other industries. Now those margins will jump back the other way when it goes the other direction also.
Daniel Oppenheim - Credit Suisse:  In terms of that customer trade down and sort of buying more at lower price points, lower price points would generally be more commoditized. Would that then lead to lower margins in that as well, aside from lower selling price?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It already has. 
Frank Boykin: The answer's yes.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Goldberg - UBS.
David Goldberg - UBS:  The first question has to do with kind of the sequential sales trends during the month. We've been hearing a lot of reports nationally that we're seeing some foreclosure inventory get sold and clear the market and whether or not you guys think that's going to show up in your business and if not maybe why it's not showing up now.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The foreclosure piece depends on who ends up purchasing it and what the intent is. Historically when an existing home sold the new owner went in and then typically the wife, who makes most of the decorating decisions, would start saying this doesn't meet my expectations or I would like it to look different and they would start remodeling as soon as they had the economic ability to. And that could happen the same day or it could happen over the next two or three years. The real question is: Who's ending up with the houses, what's the purpose that they're using them for, and is it personal use and then do they have the economic capacity to do the remodeling now or in the future?  And under all that is the answer, which we don't have the answer. 
David Goldberg - UBS:  So you're not seeing more of sales pickup sequentially through the quarter even though you're seeing some more turnover? You're not sure if it's because these homes are being purchased more by investors or because it's people that don't have the economic wherewithal to do the remodeling work right away, make changes, as it were?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. But, I mean, at the same time I'm not sure it flows quite as fast as you have it. If it got announced or signs a thing that he's going to buy the house, I don't know how long after it we'd see it because first they have to move in it, in many cases, and then they start remodeling it. On the other hand, I can't tell how many of these are being bought for resale or rentals in the short term by some people.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey:  Jeff, can you give us any sort of feel for where raw materials in the carpet business stand right now versus the peak? How much have they come down, just in aggregate, not the specifics.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There have been dramatic changes from the peak. If you remember, the peak, we never raised prices enough to cover the peak back whenever. And those peak costs, you know, it could be half as if from the peak. But, you know, if you remember back in the thing, the last 20% - 30% it went up, it went up and we never got any pricing for it. 
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey:  Right. I know polypropylene's down that much, but I guess I'm specifically more talking about nylon. That's the one that's harder for us to find out information on. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: They're all down in different ranges. I don't think I can get you any closer than that.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey:  Frank, you had mentioned $3 million loss in the wood business. Are you referring to Columbia, do I have that right?
Frank Boykin: I said a $3 million negative impact on FX is what I said, I thought, and that there was a $4 million charge related to closing the wood plant in Columbia. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Laura Champine - Cowen and Company.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company:  I just had a question about capital spending. That $125 million level looks like about as low as it can go, but I'm guessing you don't need huge expansion next year either. How long can you keep CapEx below $200 million or close to that $125 - $150 million level?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It really depends on the demand and expansion into either other markets or other product categories and the investments you make in those.  If you go back a year or two we had on the plan to put up a new ceramic plant. A new ceramic plant was going to be over $100 million just by itself. Now, with the industry where it is the question is - and it takes probably about close to two and a half to three years to get it up and operating from the decision point from zero to full capacity, so we're going to have to make decisions as we go along at what point you make those, so that would be one type of decision. Another, it depends on our view of expanding into other markets in other places. We have talked about going into Russia and we're distributing, so another piece is at what point do we put manufacturing facilities in there to support our laminate business? At the moment we think that we can minimize that type of expenditure by using present assets we own and restructure them around and limit the cost, but the big money comes in changing the business and doing investments to have it grow or support it or going into new products versus maintaining the present pieces is where the investments come in or deciding to extrude more raw materials or ore.  So a lot of those decisions are demand driven and how we perceive it and some of those have to start, again, anywhere from 12 to 36 months before you want them. 
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company:  Right. So I hear that it's subject to change, but is it fair to say that your plan for 2010 is still sub $200 million?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Most definitely. I mean, unless something changes, I mean, basically we're doing what we have to do. It could be that depending upon what happens we could be at the same level we're at this year. It could be that low.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Just two quick follow ups. On the guidance relative to what you actually delivered in the first quarter, I was hoping you could get a little bit more detailed relative to what you commented on earlier. On the revenue side, was March any different than what you would have expected towards the end of February?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The problem with it is that the demand levels are so difficult to put in and we've been missing them so far, the whole business, you get very conservative in what you're doing because your projections, you go back over the last 12 months, we haven't hit one of our internal projections that we've done. And so you sit there and you start putting brackets around it and you try to estimate, you know, what's the high and the low and then we try to give the best information we can to the Street. This is a difficult environment, which is why many companies don't give anything.  So I can't really give you an answer except it's really got to do with the guesses of the future.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates:  So you're saying it's difficult to split out because your revenue assumptions and the brackets you put around revenue obviously are intertwined with costs and it's just the volatile market makes it difficult to kind of splice out exactly what was embedded in the $0.80 to $0.90?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean, we know what was embedded in it. What you're asking me is why we missed it and the question of why we missed it is all the different guesses at how costs are going to flow through at what the volumes are going to be. 
Frank Boykin: The sales were not any better than what we had when we first give the guidance for March than where we ended up. I'll say that, if that was your question. 
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates:  And then I guess kind of along the same lines, can you give us some brackets on what your revenue is embedded in the second quarter guidance?
Frank Boykin: We normally don't give guidance beyond just the bottom line, but we're not anticipating any kind of top line improvement, I would say, from what we've seen from a run rate over the past quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We expect to [inaudible] seasonal pieces.
Frank Boykin: Yes. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't expect to - 
Frank Boykin: Yes, I'm talking year-over-year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Don't expect any different changes seasonally as a general piece. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Barrett Eamon] - Brownstone Asset Management.
Barrett Eamon - Brownstone Asset Management:  Just following up on that question, I guess you're saying you expect the trajectory of your top line to remain pretty similar on a year-over-year basis, so I'm just curious because your second quarter guidance is pretty good on the earnings side. Can you sort of identify the main drivers because you're implying that your margin will be flat year-over-year on the gross margin side. So I'm kind of curious is it mostly raw materials cost savings? How exactly are you achieving that?
Frank Boykin: It's several things. It's one, as we go into, like we were saying, first quarter is seasonally low, second quarter better, so volume's going to be up, top line volume's going to be up from a seasonal standpoint. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: As we defined this somewhere, 10% to 15% higher utilization rates.
Frank Boykin: Plus we'll be producing more in line with sales as opposed to the first quarter, where we were producing less than sales, so our overhead absorption numbers will be better. And as we've talked about, first quarter impact of raw materials versus second quarter impact of raw materials. In the carpet business, the second quarter's going to be much more favorable. And then all of the cost-cutting things we're doing in the second quarter. 
Barrett Eamon - Brownstone Asset Management: And do you expect that sort of trend to continue throughout the year then?
Frank Boykin: We would expect the results in the second quarter to be somewhat indicative of what we're going to see through the rest of the year. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc..
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Three things real quick. Number one, would you be willing to give out the Encycle annual revenue run rate? Number two, you talked about this asset-backed revolver. Is that something that's been done, heavily considered, likely to happen or just a possibility? And number three, any color on the furniture and roofing segments of Unilin? What are they roughly in size and are they losing money?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Encycle revenues, asset-backed revolver and the Unilin furniture and roofing segments.
Frank Boykin: The Encycle since its introduction was a total of about $150 million in total and it went up and down and up. It started out and one peak it reached a peak and then we pulled it back down, but that's the total over the life of it.  The second question was on the ABL, John, really the point I was trying to make there is that there are a number of different financing alternatives available in the market now for us, one of which would be bonds in the long-term financing alternative, and then the other that we've looked at and talked to banks about - we haven't completed anything or concluded anything - is perhaps an asset-backed loan revolver alternative. So there's nothing concluded in any of those.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There was a third question which we didn't answer. 
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:  The third question had to do with furniture and roofing. How big are they? Are they making money?
Frank Boykin: I think what we've said there is that they represent - 
Jeff Lorberbaum: We said it represents about - what number?
Frank Boykin: A third.
Jeff Lorberbaum: One-third of the [inaudible] business. It's made up of multiple pieces. The biggest pieces in it are a board business and a roofing structure business. And what we've continued to say over the past six to nine months is that the board businesses are highly capital intense, that the pricing has gone from cyclical highs to cyclical lows and that we're at the cyclical low point, that the board parts are operating somewhere near cash cost or slightly better in the environment that they're in, but at an operating loss.  The roofing structure business is a regional business, of which we have, of the category within the geographies we play, about a 50% market share. The business held up until we got into the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter it started slowing and in the first quarter it has continued to slow along with all other investments, marketing pieces there. In Europe the first quarter the weather was a little worse than what they expected, so some of the projects go put on hold. So it should pick up some due to weather as it would normally do, but it was a little worse than normal in there.
Operator:  At this time there are no further questions in the queue. Mr. Lorberbaum, did you have any closing remarks?
Jeff Lorberbaum: This is a very difficult environment in which all companies are operating. We are making tough decisions to run our business for the long term. We are cutting costs and infrastructure and, as we get through this on the other side, our cost structures and margins should be better as we come out and as the volume picks up.  We appreciate everyone being with us and have a nice weekend.
Operator:  This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Lorberbaum  Chairman and CEO Frank Boykin  CFO
Analysts: Jeff Saut  Raymond James Dan Oppenheim  Credit Suisse David Goldberg  UBS David MacGregor  Longbow Research Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Steven East  Pali Capital Ray [ph]  J.P. Morgan Dan ONeill  Prospector Partners Ivy Zelman  Zelman & Associates Carl Reichardt  Wachovia John Baugh  Stifel Nicolaus Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Laura Champine  Cowen & Company
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lori and I would be you conference operator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, February 4th, 2009. I would now like to introduce Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning. Thank you for joining us to review our fourth quarter 2008 results. With me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review our Safe Harbor Statement and later the financial results.
Frank Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release, and statements we make on this call, may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our press release at the Investor Information section of our website for reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you Frank. Our fourth quarter sales were $1.485 billion, a decrease of 18% from 2007. The Company generated operating cash flow of $199 million, and reduced our debt by $100 million. We had a $124 million of non-cash impairment charges and $30 million of restructuring charges during the quarter. The restructuring charge previously announced was for the closing of manufacturing and distribution facilities to right size the business. Excluding these charges, the operating income was $61 million for the quarter. We reported a net loss of $128 million or $1.87 per share including these charges. For the year 2008, our Companys sales were $6.8 billion, representing a 10% decline with operating margin of about 7%, excluding these charges. We generated cash flow from operations during the year of $570 million and reduced debt by $333 million. We also invested $218 million in capital expenditures, which focused on cost improvement and product innovation. We are in an unprecedented time were the US and world economies under great stress. Our businesses are suffering from the same issues as the entire economy, including increasing unemployment, falling consumer confidence, limited credit availability, declining business investment. In addition, the housing contraction had a significant impact on the purchase of flooring for residential channels. The European economy has also rapidly declined over the last few months. In this environment, we are focused on cash flow and the balance sheet. Our balance sheet remains strong with over $850 million of credit availability. All of our business units have as a priority to maximize cash by reducing costs, improving working capital, limiting capital expenditures, and focusing on actions which positively impacts sales and margins. In 2009, we will have D&A of about $300 million and capital expenditures are planned at a $125 million, but we are only spending as required. All our segments have taken aggressive steps and on capital structure and cash flow will allow us to manage through this downturn.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter as Jeff had mentioned was at $1.5 billion or 18% down from a year ago. All of our segments were down with business both in the US and Europe and in residential and commercial categories down. Sales on a constant foreign exchange basis were down 17% year over year. Our gross profit dollars were $356 million or 24% of sales that compares to a year ago gross margin of 27% of sales. The drop is due to volume declines, cost increases, and restructuring charges. Our SG&A was $325 million or 22% of sales. SG&A was up slightly due to restructuring, would be flat without the restructuring charges. Impairment charge of $124 million was due to the continuing stock price decline that we saw in the fourth quarter, as well as continuing business environment declines. This $124 million impairment charge included $65 million that was related to the finalization of our Q3 charge with the remaining $59 million related to Q4. Our operating loss including these charges was $93 million. Our operating income, excluding the charges came in at $61 million or 4% of net sales, which is in line with our expectations. The restructuring charges of $30 million in total included $17 million in cost of goods sold and $13 million in SG&A. Interest expense at $30 million was down from last year due to lower debt levels and lower interest rate's. Other expense of $18 million was up due to unfavorable foreign exchange as the peso and the Canadian dollar impacted us unfavorably for the quarter. Our income tax benefit, as reported was $14 million and that reflects a tax rate benefit of 10%. Our year-to-date rate excluding charges was 23% to 24% and we expect our tax rate going into 2009 to be in the 20% to 22% rate. However, the 2009 rate could be impacted differently based on earnings and mix of business in 2009. Our loss per share was $1.87 per share for the quarter. If you jump to the segments, the Mohawk segment sales at $801 million was 17% down from last year. This was due to a slow residential remodeling and new residential constructing business, as well as our commercial business also beginning to slow down more. Operating income in the Mohawk segment included $23 million for impairment charge and an additional $23 million for restructuring charges. Operating income, excluding charges was about flat at a loss of $3 million. Dal-Tile sales at $413 million were down 12% from last year, as they were impacted more this quarter from the commercial decline. Operating income in Dal-Tile included $5 million in restructuring and no impairment charge. Operating income excluding charges for Dal-Tile came in at $47 million or 11% of net sales, which was a reasonably good result considering the economy that we are in. The Unilin segment sales came in at $292 million, down 26% from last year. Foreign exchange impacted us negativity by 6%, so on a constant exchange rate basis sales were down 20% year over year. Operating income in Unilin included $101 million in impairment charge and $2 million of restructuring charge. Operating income excluding charges was $21 million or 7% of sales. FX, foreign exchange negatively impacted our operating income by $2 million, and it also included $7 million of operating loss for our wood business, as the wood industry has been significantly impacted by the slowdown in housing. Corporate category included an operating loss $4 million for the quarter. Turning to the balance sheet, receivables were $696 million. Our day sales outstanding were 47 days, up about two days from last year. Weve seen some deterioration in aging, but overall the receivables are still in very good shape, and as we mentioned in earlier calls, we have a large number of customers, over 30,000 customers, with no one customer constituting more than 5% our total receivables. We do would expect an increase in bad debt expense this year. Historically, its run about 20 basis points to 25 basis points as compared to sales, it could go up as high as 40 basis points this year. Inventories were $1.168 billion. That represents inventory turns off 3.8 times in the quarter and all of our businesses are continuing to work to drive inventory levels down in this very difficult environment. Fixed assets ended the quarter to $1.925 billion. Capital expenditures for the quarter was $63 million, that compares to depreciation and amortization of $69 million. We are currently forecasting CapEx for 2009 in $125 million, however this could change and we will continue to monitor it and re-evaluate it as the circumstances change. Depreciation and amortization for this year 2009 is expected to be $300 million. Finally on the balance sheet, long-term debt ended up at $1.954 billion. We paid $100 million of long-term debt during the quarter, and I want to take just a moment to discuss the conditions of our capital structure and our liquidity. We have a bank facility with availability of approximately $830 million that expires in the fourth quarter of 2010. We have a receivable securitization facility with availability of $250 million that expires in the third quarter of this year. At the end of this year, we had drawn down against both of those facilities a $100 million, and in addition, we had another $115 million committed against letters of credit, so we had $215 million committed or drawn down against those two facilities. The only covenant we have is a debt-to-capital covenant with a 60% limit. At the end of December, we were at 42% based on the covenant definitions. We don't believe we have any risk of violating this covenant. Our next term loan payment is due in the first quarter of 2011, and it is a $500 million payment. We don't believe we have any immediate needs to change our capital structure right now, but we continue to have discussions with banks to make sure we fully understand all our options and alternatives. We do have several alternatives, even in this environment, if we need in the bank market. In addition, the bond market has begun to improve over the last four to six weeks with several recent deals in our category. The rating agencies have us  with Moody's has us on a review per down grade and Standard and Poor's has us with a negative outlook with a BBB minus rating. If Moody's does downgrade us it would result in an additional $4 million of interest due to the step-up provisions we have in our loan agreements. We strongly believe that we have sufficient cash flow and credit availability for this cycle. Between depreciation and amortization of $300 million and the CapEx that we have estimated of a $125 million, further reductions in working capital of this year and future earnings we should generate sufficient cash. And Ill remind everybody that we have generated over $350 million of free cash flow this year and we paid down debt of over $330 million. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you Frank. Our business tends to leave the economy in the down turns, and likewise into recovery periods. Since January 2008, we have taken many actions, including produced full-time staffing of our business by almost 6,000, shutdown nine manufacturing sites and a number of production lines. We cut warehousing by 1.25 million square feet. We have reduced inventory receivables. We implemented multiple price increases, and we have improved business processes throughout the Company. We continue to aggressively realign the structure of our organization to address changing business conditions during the fourth quarter and going forward. High-cost materials negatively impacted the fourth quarter, and will have a significant impact on the first quarter of this year. In the first quarter, we are further reducing inventory and evaluating staffing and asset requirements appropriate for the environment. The Mohawk segment sales declined 17% in the quarter, with both the residential and commercial businesses down. Customer traffic and flooring retail stores dropped significantly in the fourth quarter. In addition, consumers continue to trade down to lower-cost products. The commercial business began to slow more in the quarter as the category continued its cyclical declines. Price increases announced in the third quarter were implemented. As we stated last quarter, raw material costs escalated higher than anticipated as oil peaked and remained at extraordinary high levels into the first part of the fourth quarter. As demand deteriorates in the fourth quarter, we cut productions significantly to reduce inventory and purchase limited raw materials as cost declined. These actions lowered our inventory but created more unabsorbed overhead in the period and increased the cost of FIFO inventory flowing into the first quarter. These decisions will benefit us long-term but will negatively impact our first-quarter earnings. We closed two plants and multiple distribution points and implemented many initiatives reducing infrastructure, increasing productivity and manufacturing logistics. The business has continued to adjust employment levels to current demands with approximate 20% reduction of personnel in 2008, as well as reduce workweek levels. Our polyester carpet products are improving their position in the marketplace as consumers perform more value-oriented options. We have broadened our Sorona product line made from corn to provide greater styling options. We have high-style commercial products that have been introduced at lower price points with new nylon fiber systems. Over new Internet system, we call Dragonfly is assisting commercial customers as they design present concepts for new projects. We completed the launch of our new wood product line and are broadening our customer base for those products. Our Dal-Tile sales were down 12% in the quarter compared to last year with a continued decline in the residential and a slowing commercial business also. Margins were impacted by declining product mix, and lower production levels creating negative observations in the fourth quarter. The business improved its position in the declining environment as it leverages its strong distribution system and broad product offering. The business is focused on cost reductions including sales manufacturing and distribution staffing, lower alternative materials, improving transportation utilization, and modes. We also improved our American OEM distribution in two underperforming regions. We shut down high-cost production lines that move products to more efficient plants. We reduced personnel in the segment by about 800 since the beginning of 2008. Inventory levels were balanced with declining sales and should come down as we go forward. Warehousing at the plant has been added to shift product more directly and reduce overall distributions expenses. A new service center system has been tested and is being implemented to improve productivity inventory turns and service levels. About 10% of our service centers were remodeled or relocated in 2008, and we are presently evaluating the consolidation of some low volume service centers. We are increasing our penetration of the Mexican market with a broader product offering and increased distribution. Dal-Tile is also offering a direct collection program that targets large customers that import products with volume shipments from our manufacturing facilities, which should improve the inventory turns of our customers. New commercial tile is being introduced that utilizes patent pending technology that reduces bacteria growth by 99%. The team is also pursuing many opportunities to improve stone sales, which include making projects easier to visualize, providing exterior (inaudible) and easier to install stone veneers. The Unilin segment sales during the quarter are down 26% as reported or 20% on a constant exchange rate basis. All products in both Europe and the US have declined from the prior years as the contraction in the economy became more acute. Sales were also influenced by our customers producing inventory levels to align with their lower demand levels. The European market has moved into a severe contraction and will take time before we anticipate a recovery. The Spain and UK markets were impacted the most as home sales slowed. Eastern Europe and Russia performed better, but we accept a slowdown to affect these markets going forward. With a significant pull back in spending on residential projects, laminate volumes fell both in the US and Europe. Production schedules have been lowered and order equipments in the US have been shutdown. Cost reductions have been implemented including staff reductions of more than 500 since the beginning of 2008. Additional production shut  temporary production shutdowns, product and process reengineering, and freight optimization. We have recently launched new innovative high-end products, which were wide planks with both high-gloss enhanced scraped surfaces. In Europe we introduced a two meter length product creating a new product category for this quick step laminate line. We have added new licenses for our patent in the period, but falling industrial volumes are reducing reoccurring royalty payments. Our roofing systems sales began to decline in the period. We are just starting to market a new line of Polyurethane insulation board to the same customer base, which should be a nice niche market. Continuing the prior period trend, our European board sales remain under both volume and pricing pressure. The board selling prizes have contracted severely as much of the cost are fixed and producers are trying to maintaining volume forcing high cost industry capacity to be taken out. We are also introducing new products such as finer fiber boards and focusing on thinner board with unique end users. Our wood strategy is well underway in a very difficult environment. We completed the US product introduction and have a complete offering from value to premium. We have launched new wood collections under our Mohawk brand and are aligning distribution for our Columbia and Century brands. New automation has been installed and is operating with lower labor an improving quantity. We are launching a new quick step branded wood collection in Europe with a proprietary locking system. We have improved the cost, quality, and, product offering of our wood, but the declining volume has offset our cost improvements. We will continue to have an operating loss of the $4 million to $5 million in the first quarter. The current environment is expected to remain challenging for the near-term. We believe sales volume will continue to decline in the first quarter. The effect of lower carpet materials will not be realized until the second quarter. Carpet pricing increases did not cover the peak material increases, which have remained high into the fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter sales decline has significantly reduced inventory by curtailing production and material purchases leaving a higher portion of higher cost inventory at the end. In the first-quarter the Mohawk segment is forecasted to have an operating loss resulting from the $60 million flow through of peak FIFO cost. Both our Dal-Tile and Unilin segments will continue to be impacted by the recession and lower consumer spending resulting in lower production volumes and declining product mix. Based on these factors, our earnings per share guidance for the first quarter is a loss of $0.80 to $0.89 per share. We will remain focused on managing the balance sheet and maximizing our cash generation across our businesses. We will continue to reduce infrastructure, capital expenditures, working capital, and controllable costs. In the second quarter, margins will be positively impacted after the peak inventory cost flow through the first quarter, and we have seen seasonal improvement in volume. Our industry has excellent long-term potential with demographics, which ultimately lead to continued growth when the economy recovery begins. As the largest floorcovering manufacturing company in the world, we have an industry-leading position in each of our major floorcovering product categories. We remain positive about our long-term prospects for our Company. With that we will be glad to take questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) your first question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh of Raymond James.
Jeff Saut  Raymond James: This is actually Jeff calling in for Sam. Good morning, Jeff, good morning Frank.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning
Frank Boykin: Good morning
Jeff Saut  Raymond James: My first question is in regards to the guidance, are you modeling any restructuring cost or additional asset write-downs in the guidance?
Frank Boykin: No, we are not.
Jeff Saut  Raymond James: Okay, no unusual onetime charges of any kind.
Frank Boykin: Correct
Jeff Saut  Raymond James: Okay, and then unrelated follow-up, the $60 million in FIFO cost headwinds, can you help me understand exactly how you got to the $60 million? What variance that represents?
Frank Boykin: That represents  taking through the process, we announced our last price increase back in the third quarter. Our raw material costs in the carpet segment continued to run up and didnt peak until we got into the fourth quarter. So, have a period of time there where raw material cost ran up higher and what we had anticipated and estimated and we developed our selling price increases. That delta between the selling price increases and the peak raw material cost run out is in essence what we have in our ending inventory that has to flush through in the first quarter and that will negatively impact our earnings.
Jeff Saut  Raymond James: With $60 million of inventory it is at the peak levels?
Frank Boykin: $60 million of peak  high cost inventory sitting in our December inventory.
Jeff Saut  Raymond James: Right. And the $60 million is the total cost of the inventory not a delta between the cost of that inventory and the cost of the normal inventories?.
Frank Boykin: It is the delta.
Jeff Saut  Raymond James: Okay. Alright, perfect thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim of Credit Suisse.
Dan Oppenheim  Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks very much. I was wondering if you can talk about 2009, and talk about how you are expecting the volume to be down the first quarter and how to reduce the overhead that is impacting the result. What do you think in terms of the  what are you going to be in terms of adjusting the overhead cost, how much of your business is sort in fixed or in variable or  what adjustments should we expect as the year goes on?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We will start-off with what we have already done. We have already cut 5,800 people. We have reduced the different pieces as we go through. We have gone  let me get through the first quarter to the fourth. From the first quarter you then have the raw material piece that you talked about the $60 million flowing in the first quarter, we have the segment, will be positively impacted as we go through the future quarters as those peak costs have flown through where they are. We also have the pressure on the volume in the first quarter, which should change as you go through the year. In the first quarter, what we have is a seasonal little period that historically we have built inventories in the first quarter to move through the other quarters. In the first quarter of this year we are going to probably reduce production rates somewhere in the range of 10% to 20% based on different categories in order to reduce inventories, as well as they both peak and so as we move out of that we will have the seasonal upturn in the production levels, which will offset those. We continue to evaluate the difference of volumes, as well as the different capacities and thesis to keep them in control going forward, we have multiple plans on the table and depending upon how things evolve, we will take different actions as we go forward.
Frank Boykin: And Dan on your question regarding fixed cost. Let me come back to you on that we are still  this ratio is between fixed and variable of still moving around as we adjust capacities now, so let me come back to after the call on that.
Dan Oppenheim  Credit Suisse: Sure no problem  in terms of the sales declines will abate as the year goes on, just trying to get a better sense in terms of what the expectation is in terms of what sort of snap back is embedded in your thoughts right now?
Frank Boykin: We have multiple estimates as we go forward because our visibility is very short. I mean it depends on what the consumer is doing, what the economy does, what the government does, and is there any stabilization in the piece. But our assumptions are that you will have the 10% to 20% we reduced in the first quarter, as well as the seasonal pickup as we go into the second and third quarters.
Dan Oppenheim  Credit Suisse: Okay thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg of UBS.
David Goldberg  UBS: Thanks. Good morning  good afternoon. First question is about kind of the competitive landscape that you are facing now, and how you are seeing your competitors react to the slowdown as price is becoming more of a levered try to drive sales? And how are you guys thinking about that in terms of your own business?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We are in a lot of different markets and products. They are all slightly different from each other. In general, I think that there is a lot of discipline being had by most of the participants as the business is under great pressure and as the volumes declining, its difficult on everybodys cost structure. So, everybody is trying to maintain as much as pricing as possible. On the other hand, as you go into these things the things that tend to get affected most would be the commodity products in any of the different product categories around are under the most pressure. And people tend to be more aggressive in those trying to find some volume areas to run as you go through, as well as there are various promotions as people try to . And so all those things are happening and our normal whats going on. In general though, theres a lot of discipline across the different product category. And again I guess in the extreme, in the more commoditized areas, theres more pressure. At the same time, in our business we are going after some lower margin business that when business conditions were good, we would have left that for other people who are being more aggressive and taking on product sales in some areas that we might not have taken historically and the combination of those things.
David Goldberg  UBS: And just a quick follow up. When we look at the CapEx expectations for 2009 versus CapEx in 2008, where does the delta come from? What kind of CapEx spending are you eliminating I guess year-over-year when you look forward?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We were putting in investment in order to update areas that we had. We had different areas. Remember a lot of the CapEx takes a year to a year and a half to put in. So, you are going back now to the plans that were put-in in 2006, coming into 2007, we expanded some of our extrusion and manufacturing in order to give us more flexible capacity to meet the changing needs of the marketplace. Weve put in some new 
Frank Boykin: Laminate.
Jeff Lorberbaum:  laminate capacity in the US as we had thought that the marketplace was going grow more than it has. On the other hand we shifted capacity from Europe to here and given the euro exchange that has had a positive effect on the costs. And it  Frank do you remember the other big projects on top of your head? I get them all confused when I look at years. I think those are the big ones. So, I mean there are more capacity pieces. There were also other things put in to improve quality and productivity and we are being much more  we have higher threshold before we do them now. Presently our capital expenditures for 2009 either has got to give an immediate payback very high, it has to give some unique product proposition or basically we are postponing.
David Goldberg  UBS: I guess the question would be  its very hard to see right now what the kind of market normalizing in the future. But does postponing the CapEx spending on these projects have a longer-term impact when things do normalize for you?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Given the depth of the decline in the marketplace, we dont expect it to snap back overnight. So, we think theres plenty of capacity to support those things. Things like we were considering at other point is may be some Greenfield or some acquisitions in other parts of the world, some of the parts dont look so good right now. So, Im not sure that thats a negative at this minute, as if. Some of the capacity we were going to put in ceramic, you dont need at this moment and time, as if. So, I think by postponing those decisions its not going to hurt us.
David Goldberg  UBS: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor of Longbow Research.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Yes, sir. Good morning everyone. (inaudible) traveling today. Jeff, with respect to the production curtailments, is it possible to isolate this impact on fourth quarter and your first quarter 09 now? Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The  I think the best I can do for you is sort of line up the volume pieces and just sort of walk you through a high level view of it. If you go back historically, Mohawk ran the various plants probably on average some where in the high 80s, 90% of capacity as we went through before we hit the cyclical decline. Some areas were more, some were less. The ones that might have been more would be the high capital intent areas, which would run higher some approaching close to 100% and those could have been things like our extrusion capacities, our ceramic production, even our board plants. And then what will happen is, as we would go into the year, we would actually run those different facilities during the low periods of the year to support the higher periods of the year. In addition, the flooring industry as we look at it today and we are guessing it some of it  we are guessing from the peak periods, the present unit production and run rates could be 30%, 35%. And those run rates will be more or less from different products, we think laminates would be less, and may be wood might be more and different pieces falling in between. Its going a significant downturn in this total volume. And again as we look forward to the first quarter instead of building inventory, we said that we are actually going to cut the production somewhere between 10% and 20% from where we were in the fourth quarter. Going into the first quarter, going through and that we are doing that in order to reduce the inventories more in line with the volume that we think necessary to support the business and as well as the inventory levels. Does that give you some sort of feel for it?
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Yes. Thats helpful. And may be Frank I can follow up with you after the call on that, for little more detail. And then the other thing I was just hoping you can give us a sense of is with respect to your first quarter guidance, what are using in terms of top line performance by segment. Is it possible to give us some quant on that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have not historically broken out each segment. Typically we have missed the differences, so just hope the average of different pieces come up close to where we are guiding you, especially in this environment where theres very little visibility.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Okay. And then just, can you give us what your percentage commercial is by end market or your commercial end market is by segment? Whats your percentage commercial in each of the three segments?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Ill give you a rough guess, if dont hold me to tell them exactly. I think that the ceramic business is probably somewhere around 40%. It increased as the volume in the residentials declined as a percent of our business. We think we are slightly higher than the marketplace. I think we are probably similar to the Mohawk segment is around 25% in that range. And then the Unilin business has basically none.
David MacGregor  Longbow Research: Okay. Thanks very much guys.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard of Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research: Good morning.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Frank Boykin: Good morning.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research: First of all, in terms of the 2009 free cash flow with the reduction of CapEx of $100 million, should that allow free cash to be similar in 09 to what it was in 08?
Frank Boykin: I think if you just kind of think through the different components of cash flow this year, depreciation and amortization like I had mentioned running at $300 million and then CapEx at $125 million or lower depending upon how the environment develops. And then further reductions in working capital, and then any future earnings that we generate this year. Just doing the math on the CapEx and depreciation put you at kind of $175 million number. And then between working capital and everything else, you could see free cash flow getting up into the same range that we had this year.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research: Great. Secondly, this $60 million, how much of that is input costs and how much of that is incremental fixed cost that was under-absorbed to do production?
Frank Boykin: The $60 million is raw materials.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research: So, its  thats all raw materials? And thats  and that is in over what timeframe would that product be used? Is that sort of three months worth, four months worth?
Frank Boykin: Our inventories turn kind of three, three and half months. So, thats what you are looking at inventory at the end of December that is going to turn over the next cycle there.
Jeff Lorberbaum: But thatll hit in the first quarter.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research: Okay. And then in terms of tile, I guess the last question. In terms of the tiles segment, the margins I think as you had even commented Jeff, kind of hung in there pretty well in the fourth quarter considering the sequential year-over-year slowing that we saw in growth. How do you think about the margin performance of that you know more commercial exposed segment as we look into 2009?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean you are going to have the commercial business is going to continue to slowdown, the question is whats going to the residential, and we hit bottom in that. I dont know how much further there is to go down in the residential pieces is there. We continue to try to improve our position in the marketplace; you are going to have some cost positives of natural gas and transportation coming down. And then you have the other side which is the  again weve talked about several occasions with all the businesses, the product mix we continue to  the average product mix continues to move down because people are not trading up as much. On one side for the customers arent buying the same proportions. And the second is we are taking more business in the lower value areas that has historically in good times we might not have been so aggressive in. We have all those impacting the result.
Frank Boykin: And the margins will be under pressure in the first quarter in particular as we take volumes in.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven East of Pali Capital.
Steven East  Pali Capital: Hi, good morning.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Frank Boykin: Good morning, Steve.
Steven East  Pali Capital: If we looked at second quarter Mohawk and Dal-Tile, particularly Mohawk as you factor out all of the impacts from the first quarter. Should we expect profitability coming through in that division in the second quarter? Im trying to get a feel for how big of impact these one-time items are in the first quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let me just start out. You know our visibility is limited as is yours. So, you have a big question over whats going to happen to the economy and the consumer, which we are going to have to guess that. The first quarter inventory is coming down, which is going to help cash, but that decrease is not going to be repeated over the second quarter. And then you have the seasonal improvement thats going happen with it. We have the raw material benefit of the $60 million thats going to come through in the first quarter. And so you have a positive $60 million in the second versus the first. We have through the business all the different cuts. You dont get the improvement of the cuts you make the first day you make them. So, all the different we have been making in the last few months should start benefitting 08  09 as we go through it. You have the impact again like we talked about in the ceramic business of natural gas and transportation and distribution costs. So, I mean our expectations are that the second quarter will be significantly better than the first quarter.
Steven East  Pali Capital: Okay. And then if we look at commercial, how much are you seeing it down year over year right now, and what are the trends you all are seeing?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We are seeing  as we went through the third quarter and into the fourth quarter as the whole economy tightened up. We are seeing similar decreases in the volume of both residential and commercial. And as you look at sequentially, I think you should see that both fell somewhere between 5% and 10% of where they were before. And so that sequential decline happened in the fourth quarter from the third quarter, and its anybodys guess what is going to be next.
Steven East  Pali Capital: Okay. And thanks. And just one last question, if you look at your overhead decline, I know you dont have the fixed cost for SG&A and COGS for overheads, but as you look at it what type of percentage decline are you seeing in the fourth and first quarter of this year versus a year ago?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think we have a difficult time telling the difference between the cost cutting and the low volume which is offsetting it. And so what happened is we cut the cost, so volumes decline is going up. So, you have the fixed costs are going up, and again its been difficult to cut as fast as the things declined towards the last half of the year. We never believed that we go here, we probably would have been more aggressive a few months ago. We didnt believe the rate at which it was declining. But I cant give an exact number on it as we see.
Steven East  Pali Capital: If we looked at it on a dollar basis, could you  are we down? Is it fast to say percentage wise or ?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Okay. Why dont you get Frank, he is going to try to break out the fixed and variable pieces a little different. Once you call Frank which should give you a view of which I think are using it.
Steven East  Pali Capital: Okay. Ill do it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut of J.P. Morgan.
Ray  J.P. Morgan: This is Ray [ph] for Mike. Just a couple of questions, going back to the mix shift kind of issues that you were talking about, customers going towards more value-oriented brands. Sort of, if can you give us a rough idea of you know what the margin differential between value brands and your medium and then premiums brands are by segment?
Jeff Lorberbaum: And do you expect me to have a lot of information on my head?
Ray  J.P. Morgan: Thats in rough.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There is two parts. One is that the margins are different, but also the SG&A thats associated with them also change. As you go up the line, the SG&A changes  from one extreme we may cut them at products, you have sales people actually helping design product. They are very high SG&A on those, which would show high margins but have to net out the differences. As you go down the thing on the other extreme, you can go to product categories that basically you have very limited sample and sales costs. And so, at the other extreme you could have SG&A costs less than half or it might be even more than that of the other extreme, and as you go down the pc [ph] end of it again by channel and by product and the of end of a different value. I mean theres an extreme  I mean you could have doubled the margin or you could have the same as you go up and down the stream based on products. But again the more commoditized it is, the bigger the difference is in a pc [ph]. It could be 10 points, 15 points.
Ray  J.P. Morgan: But on an operating margin basis their gross margin?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Gross margin.
Ray  J.P. Morgan: Okay. So, on an operating margin basis you are seeing thats a little bit more narrower because the SG&A is higher or lower depending on whether its a premium or value round?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Correct.
Ray  J.P. Morgan: Okay. This is the follow up question. Just going back to the raw materials, your promises were to stay where they are today. So, if you can give us a sense of what 2009 is in, also on a year-over-year basis if you could talk about some of the major inputs you guys have and how far thats down right now?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The inputs for the most part have all gone down. The oil related ones have gone down more. The non-oil one typically has been pressed on those two even like woodchips going into our board businesses. As the volumes declined, those have declined  so the decline going on all the different categories. I can tell you that no estimate weve had in the last six months has out come anywhere close to where it is. As a general thing we believe that now according to the best guesses they probably bottomed out, and many people believe that going forward, theyll increase from here somewhat over time, but I wouldnt  those are what which are paid for at this minute, which is not much the estimate. Given what we have looked at over the last six months, I mean our estimates havent been in the ballpark as if. But we think they are towards the low as they are now, and there will be some upward pressure on them going forward. And there have been different amounts, some significant and some not as significant through the various categories.
Ray  J.P. Morgan: Right. Thank you. Then lastly on the other income expense line, is that $80 million a good number to use as a run rate if Canadian dollar and the Mexican peso were to stay the same or is there a better number that we should be using?
Frank Boykin: No, they stay the same as there is no movement in exchange rate and I wont have that loss. Okay, so, 
Ray  J.P. Morgan: On a year-over-year basis, is that ?
Frank Boykin: Yes. And thats where its going to stay where it is right now and we have the loss.
Ray  J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan ONeill of Prospector Partners
Dan ONeill  Prospector Partners: Hi. Your CapEx plan for 2009 of $125 million is a bit lower than what I was in thinking of terms of maintenance CapEx. I was thinking it was more of $150 million, $160 million. Perhaps I was wrong, but is the $125 million, is that a sustainable number over the next three years?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I dont know that further, we are  weve gone into this piece. I think this $125 million to $150 million is probably sustainable over long periods of time. I think in the short-term, we might be able to push it down more than the $125 million, I dont know as if. My group doesnt like that, but Im pressing them. The question is how low we can stay at that rate. But I dont know 
Frank Boykin: If the economy stays like it is now, you know, well stay at that lower rates, run rates lot longer. Our maintenance historically is around about $100 million, just flat maintenance.
Dan ONeill  Prospector Partners: Okay. Can you talk about your ability to pull down working capital? How much can you pull out in the declining market?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Part of our opportunity up to this part is every time we put a plan into introduce it, the industry volume declines more. So, whatever plan we put in place doesnt get us to where we would like to as you can tell from what we are talking about which Im not pulling it further in the first quarter which is the worst quarter here. Again managing the cash in the business rather than trying to maximize the profit margin, is if, which we think is the right thing to do. We believe that as business goes down, historically we used around $0.15 to $0.18 for working capital for each additional sales dollar, but the question is on the down side, can we keep  can we get to that point? We are going to sure drop.
Frank Boykin: The  all the businesses are focused on driving down inventories, improving the process and driving down inventories. And in addition, just looking forward from where we were at the end of December, on the carpet side, we got higher price of cost inventories and that cost will go down as well.
Dan ONeill  Prospector Partners: Could you provide a ballpark figure for working capital reduction for 2009?
Frank Boykin: Not at this point.
Jeff Lorberbaum: You have to make a decision  I mean in your old estimate decide what the volume is going to be and then take somewhere between 12% and 18% and 15%, 18%, 12%, 18% and took a number you are comfortable with.
Dan ONeill  Prospector Partners: Fair enough. And, could you tie the decreased CapEx and decreased working capital into your ability to meet the bond maturities in 2011, 2012?
Frank Boykin: I think the way that I would look at that is like I had discussed before depreciation and CapEx that after there is about $175 million we should be able to continue to reduce working capital further from what it is right now. So, pick a number to use there $25 million, $50 million, and then in addition earnings that we generate will also obviously positively impact our cash flow. So, our next bond payment is not due until the first quarter of 2011, $500 million. I got about $100 million of debt still on the balance sheet right now, which I should have paid by the time I get to the end of this year and have more cash on the balance sheet when I get to the beginning of 2011. And then in addition, like I mentioned, we have access in both the banking market and in borrowing market right now to additional financing if we decide to go ahead and roll over our existing financing. So, I think between all those alternatives and options weve got plenty of opportunity.
Dan ONeill  Prospector Partners: Great. Thanks a lot.
Frank Boykin: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ivy Zelman of Zelman & Associates.
Ivy Zelman  Zelman & Associates: Good morning, Jeff and Frank. First just a housekeeping question on your  you mentioned that the days outstanding on receivables, what was the bad debt expense actual dollars for the quarter, Frank?
Frank Boykin: Not sure Ive got that right here in front of me, Ivy. Ill give it you when you call back.
Ivy Zelman  Zelman & Associates: Okay. No, that will be helpful. I guess that brings us to the subject you are obviously seeing some of the pressure with fragmented customer base you mentioned 30,000 customers. Many of your customers are small companies. Are you hearing from any of them any pressure from having working  from working capital advancement to them by banks not being afforded to them? And is that part of your estimate in the increase from 25 basis points, I think you said to 45 basis points comes from in the bad debt expense or may be some discussions is to around that whole concern we are seeing for small businesses today?
Frank Boykin: Well, yes, I mean we are seeing pressure with a lot of our customers in terms of access to credit markets and not just our customers but the consumers are going through the same issues.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes, a lot of those customers, they use us for the bank which means that when they buy a product from us, they have already sold it. So, they collect the money on the product before they have to pay us, and they are using the credit lines we have in order to support their businesses, which is how they always work.
Ivy Zelman  Zelman & Associates: And if they are not telling and they are building inventory, then they have a problem?
Jeff Lorberbaum: If they are not selling, is that they are not buy.
Ivy Zelman  Zelman & Associates: So, if they dont have a working capital need then?
Frank Boykin: We dont care in inventory, most of them.
Jeff Lorberbaum: You can reduce  there is a way to be in our industry with basically purchasing all the product after you sold it. Now depending upon your needs in your working capital, you could actually make the sale, we can ship it to you and deliver it in less than a week, and they can install to the customer and many of them collect anywhere from 50% to 75% of the job the day they sign up for. So, I mean they can actually exist with cash flow from the credit term and then they take the money and either they pay in cash or they get in credit cards and they get the money through the credit cards quickly. So, 
Ivy Zelman  Zelman & Associates: So, then Jeff are you trying to say then Im sorry that you are not seeing that pressure for small businesses with a lack of capital issues that some of the other companies we talked to are?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I cant say that theres not  theres not pressure in the market, but its not as drastic as if these were heavily inventory pieces and having to subsidize the inventory.
Frank Boykin: So, its not like selling to a distributor base.
Ivy Zelman  Zelman & Associates: Right. Now okay, great. Al right, secondly just a bit broader picture when ?
Frank Boykin: In fact if I can just go back to your question on bad debt expenses 
Ivy Zelman  Zelman & Associates: Sure.
Frank Boykin: 23 basis points for the quarter.
Ivy Zelman  Zelman & Associates: Im sorry, how much for the quarter?
Frank Boykin: 23 basis points.
Ivy Zelman  Zelman & Associates: 23 okay. Great. Just a broader question, do you have any plans  you guys have right now after the nine you have taken the sites closed?
Frank Boykin: A bunch.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I would say above a hundred. I dont have the numbers in front of me of all the different divisions and pieces.
Ivy Zelman  Zelman & Associates: The reason I asked is that it is hard for you guys as we realize to be in a position where you dont have a crystal ball, you dont know how bad the world is going to be and certainly we appreciate that. But we also  if there must be sort of a sense, okay, our operating, manufacturing facilities can actually produce this many housing starts or this much non-res put in place in terms of dollars as well as in the home improvement dollars. So, you have a capacity utilization rate that will generate at full capacity dollars and revenue. And we are just wondering if you would break it down into chunks so that the non-res, commercial, home improvement and new res, what are you underlying assumptions for keeping the amount of capacity you are at today, open, instead of chasing it I feel like you are chasing it downward. Have you a  do you have macro perspective on each of those buckets that you use to make the decision, okay, we need to close nine sites because we think housing stars are going to run it. 2009, you know, 750,000 or 500,000 etcetera, etcetera? Just try and understand how a company like you will be a company thats generating as much as $6 million revenues go about trying to stay ahead of the curve and what you are using for macro forecast?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We do have our own estimate of whats going to happen for the year. Weve then bracketed between our high and our low point. We make plans lets say, if we end up in this part of the range what action should we take by product type, may go down by business, by product type and then even with the net because of the backward integration is not a line, its different material manufacturing plant thats supporting other things, as if. And so, we take each of those, we develop an estimate for the overall business, we develop an estimate for each product category, and then we determine what they should be. Now within there you are going to have multiple options. You can at the peak of the  at the peak of the industry cycle, we were probably running everything close to 7 days a week, 24 hours a day. So, you start reducing shifts, you start reducing production within the lines. Some of the lines have unique attributes that other lines dont have as you go through. And I dont want to make it more complex but you have to get down to the very minute detail and unlike some industries which have one piece of equipment and all does the same thing, we have a lot of unique pieces going after different industry, different parts for the industry. Ceramic 
Ivy Zelman  Zelman & Associates: And Jeff, and Jeff, I totally appreciate that. I guess we are trying to get it a little more inside your thinking strategically.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes.
Ivy Zelman  Zelman & Associates: You know, for example, lets say we are a little bit more bearish thinking sense on non-res put in place, just a sense of where you are, so when we are modeling and we get some inputs from you, I think its helpful to understand where you are in the big picture and I dont know that weve gathered that from you in this discussion right now so far?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You have answer for that one?
Frank Boykin: I guess 
Ivy Zelman  Zelman & Associates: We could talk off line if you want to ?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We can give you. What happened to each one of the divisions has different answers for the same piece. Each one has different circumstances in the markets they are in. And so, depending upon where it is, even picks up in the commercial business. We have one piece in one segment, another is in another. They are going after different pieces. Once they have different views of the same product, the same opportunity. We have  in the carpet industry, we have some part of our business is really focused on hospitality. So, thats got its own segment of what it is and what that part of the business is going to do. We have the same hospitality in our ceramic business, but have a different view of the same thing depending upon what project and construction in new things are going on. So, if you want to call us, may be we can try to break it down, but we start out with one piece and if it goes through the different segment, they end up with different conclusions. At the same time some of the different manufacturing capacity some can be stopped and started and others have to run continuous. And if you have things that can stop and start, you do one thing, if you have that runs continuous, you have to either shut down whole plants or whole line, but the other one you can run it part time. And its different decisions through it. Again if you call us back well try to give you some more clarity to help you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Reichardt of Wachovia
Carl Reichardt  Wachovia: Hi, guys. Actually you got almost everything except I was curious as to your 2008 domestic versus international sales, but obviously I know you got limited visibility on 09, but do you expect any significant change?
Frank Boykin: Im going to have to  it will take me a couple of minutes to find that Carl in terms of the split, but we still have time on the call Ill let you know.
Carl Reichardt  Wachovia: Okay. I appreciate, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh of Stifel Nicolaus
John Baugh  Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, this is  quickly we are eight weeks into the quarter. Would you care to comment on the greater sales decline relative to the 17% decline in Q4 constant currency?
Jeff Lorberbaum: All parts of this business are declining. The customers we believe are reducing inventories in the period, just like we talked about our own business that we used to raise it. So some of them also used to raise it those are being contracted as you go through. We believe that businesses are postponing purchases that we see a further decline in the industries volume rate from fourth quarter to first quarter.
John Baugh  Stifel Nicolaus: Right. And then, Jeff, more interested in wood and ceramic and laminate concerning this question, any feel for the competitor fall-out to date or anticipated?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You have to take each business just sort of unique. The ceramic business in the US what you have is a dramatic  you see a significant contraction in the imports, which are spread throughout the world in different pieces and to the imports of taking a significant reduction. I can tell you in Europe that ceramic manufacturers are going to go through a dramatic contraction over there from two points. One is, that the base business there has declined in our ability to export, which was a major piece to continue to decline. So that industry there is going to contract significantly.  What else? The wood, ceramic, and laminate. Laminate in the US is going through a contraction that it hasnt gone through historically and so you have a lot of smaller players that are going to have a difficult time getting through it, maintaining the business. The imports have declined somewhat overtime as the capacities moved over to the US. Lot of it coming out of Europe and less of it today as it declined I think that in Europe you are going to have a significant, there got to be a significant reduction in the capacity in Europe for some of the same reasons we discussed of ceramic, which is the export upside. There is more local producers around the world and as the European economy has contracted. So you will see a contraction there.  What else? Well some companies are under great stress as we speak, but most likely many of them, some of them arent going to get through it and the question becomes that the asset gets shutdown or do they just change hands. In this environment in both countries the ability to raise capital or buy things are here so there may be some capacity shutdown that hasnt happened historically. The wood business has been contracting, its been consolidating and there probably will be some more of it. I dont know how to get out closely, you have to go by each to supplier into the industry and determine whose is capable of making it through the downturn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes of SunTrust.
Frank Boykin: Hi, Keith before you ask your question, let me just say we have got about 15% of the sales for the year outside of North America, for the question I was asked earlier. Sorry about that.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thats okay. On Columbia, you had talked about $4 million to $5 million of losses in the first quarter, is that just the kind of loss level that we are going to see from that business until hardwood volumes improve or is there something on the cost side you can do to get these losses down without the volume?
Jeff Lorberbaum: What happens to it is we have done to get the cost down, but what happened is as we reduced the cost, the volume has gone down and offset the cost improvement. I mean we have reduced the staffing of the plants dramatically, we have improved the quality of the plant, I think we have not achieved the sale of the new product as much as we have because in this environment it is difficult to get people to take on new products new lines as they are trying to minimize cost. So as we went into this things we really assume we will be able to increase our distribution more than we have been accomplish and at the same time we would be able to improve our product mix and so we are having a more difficult time accomplishing the sales side. I think the structure from the back side, we put in new systems in the place, we put in new automation in the places, we have created we believe the best product line in the industry, so we need some help at the same time we are still looking to cut cost as already have the other parts to do.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Jeff to get more distribution are you pushing more direct sales, Mohawk sales, or more through the distribution base?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We are going both at the same time. We have more control over the Mohawk piece as you would suspect. So, the Mohawk piece we are putting out more samples of product in the field as we speak, we are investing in those in the last quarter and in the going forward quarters in order to get distribution to the Mohawk side on the other  the distribution side we used two brands Colombia and Century and as you would suspect it is difficult to get third parties to invest in anything in this environment we are in. But we are getting some it is just the magnitude we would like it to be.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Laura Champine of Cowen & Company.
Laura Champine  Cowen & Company: Hi good morning. This is actually  I call in for Laura, seems to getting late, I just have a quite housekeeping question on  in regards to the foreign exchange losses that you guys got in Q4, can you shed any light on Q1 or all of 2009 in terms of what you are expecting in the other expense line?
Frank Boykin: I mean, I am not able to forecast what the exchange rates are going to be 
Jeff Lorberbaum: Where do they come from to the two pieces?
Frank Boykin: Well the exchange rate losses we had are basically coming out of Mexico with the manufacturing operations we have down there and as the peso declines in value for the quarter and the next, the decline in value that is reflected in the financials (inaudible) P&L and that is what we saw in the fourth quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Doesnt the asset value also go up and down?
Frank Boykin: Yes that was I was talking about.
Jeff Lorberbaum: If the asset value as well as the sales of the translated back as well as the margins and profit I will get impacted with the exchange rate.
Frank Boykin: I can talk to you off line about the process, but we are not prepared with the forecast with exchange rate for the end of the year.
Laura Champine  Cowen & Company: Okay thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I will now return the call to Jeff Lorberbaum for final remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. This is a very unusual environment we are in. We are taking aggressive steps to manage our cash within the business. We believe we have a good structure underneath with a balance sheet and financials to manage through the environment, for making trough decisions of reducing staffing and cutting cost as we go through, we think we are positioned well to get through this and we will continue to do everything to maximize our business in the short-term. Thank you for being on the call have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's Mohawk Industries fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Lorberbaum - Chairman and CEO Frank Boykin - CFO
Analysts: Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research David Goldberg - UBS Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James David MacGregor - Longbow Research. Ray Huang - JPMorgan Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates Howard Friedman - Rodman Capital Stephen East - Pali Capital Carl Reichardt - Wachovia Securities Arnie Brief - Goldsmith & Harris
Operator: Good morning. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries third quarter Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and CEO of Mohawk Industries.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning. We appreciate you joining us to review our third quarter results. With me, I have Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will now review our Safe Harbor statement and later, the financials. Frank?
Frank Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release, and statements we make on this call, may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the SEC. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our press release at the Investor Information section of our website for reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. Our 2008 third quarter sales of $1.764 billion was a decrease of 9% from 2007. The company generated cash flow from operations of $185 million, paid down debt of $128 million, and has over $800 million available under its current credit facilities. As a result of Mohawk's declining stock price and deteriorating industry condition, accounting rules required non-cash charges of a goodwill and tax deferred write-off of $1.2 million net of tax. Excluding the non-cash charges, non-GAAP net earnings were $76 million, or $1.10 per share. These charges do not require any cash payments or impact our operations, liquidity, or debt covenants. For the quarter, excluding non-cash write-offs, we have positive cash flow and earnings. Our balance sheet is strong, with approximately $1.4 billion debt reduction since the Unilin acquisition in October, 2005. Our financing facilities provide us with the flexibility to invest in the right opportunities. Each of our businesses has the same priorities: rightsizing the infrastructure for current environment, managing working capital, and enhancing sales, margins, and business processes. During the period, we implemented price increases across most of our US products, which will not fully be in effect until next year. The quarter was more difficult than anticipated, with greater deterioration in demand, as well as cost increases. The US economy is declining and consumers are reducing discretionary expenditures. Residential home sales and remodeling are at low levels and commercial projects are being impacted by tightening credit and softening business conditions. The European economy has become significantly weaker in the past quarter, and affected both our flooring and non-flooring products. Like the US, there are no near term signs of recovery in Europe. Raw material costs have risen more than expected during the third quarter, but are showing signs of softening in the future. Government intervention should help stabilize the banking system and improve availability of credit. We are hopeful that declining energy and commodity prices will help strengthen consumer confidence, and lead to an improvement in the flooring market next year. Frank, would you review our financials?
Frank Boykin: Certainly, I will be glad to. As Jeff mentioned, our net sales came in at $1.8 billion, down 9% from last year. All segments, both in the US and in Europe were down, with both residential and commercial businesses declining. Our sales are down 10% on a constant exchange rate. We are continuing to see greater decline into October from September. Our gross profit as a percent of sales was 24.9%, down about 300 basis points from 28.1% last year. The decline in our margins are due primarily to lower volumes and higher raw material costs, with our lagging selling price increases. SG&A came in at $321 million, that's down 7% or $23 million over the last year, or $27 million at a constant exchange rate. We have many cost initiatives that are going to be implemented through the remainder of this year and into next year, which should help us in the future. If we move to operating income, excluding charges, operating income came in at $118 million, or 7% as a percent of net sales. Interest and other expenses; interest was down with lower debt levels, and other expenses were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange, with the Canadian dollar, peso and euro impacting as unfavorable. Income taxes, excluding charges, came in with a tax rate of about 9.5%, comparing to 25.5% last year. Lower this year due to the European tax planning that we put in place and, in addition, the fixed tax deductions that we have in Europe impact our rate favorably as the taxable income declines. We expect the fourth quarter tax rate to be within the 10% to 12% range and then looking forward to next year, more likely to be in the low 20s to mid-20% range. If we look at the impairment charge during the quarter, we took a $1.3 billion impairment charge. Our recent stock price declined below book value, and deteriorating business conditions required us to record a preliminary goodwill impairment charge, as I mentioned, of $1.3 million. One point I would like to make here is that we were also required, when we were going through this calculation, to consider today's fair value of all the other assets in the calculation, even though we weren't allowed to record these higher values on the books. This non-cash charge does not affect our operations, liquidity, or debt covenants. We also could incur an additional impairment charge depending on our future stock price. In addition, this quarter, we recorded a write-off of our deferred tax asset that was originally recorded last year in the fourth quarter for $253 million. Although the net operating losses created by our tax strategies have indefinite lives and should be realized over a long period of time, the same accounting rules that required us to record this asset last year now requires to write it off. This write-off was necessitated by the current declining industry conditions. If I look at the earnings after all of these charges, we had a net loss of $20.37 a share. And If I look at my adjusted earnings per share before the charges, it came in at $1.10. We move to the segments, the Mohawk sales segment declined 11%, to $954 million. They were impacted most by the slowing industry and economy that we're in. Both residential and the commercial are down. Within this segment, we took a $254 million impairment charge. Excluding the impairment charge, our operating income came in at $29 million, or 3.1%. The Dal-Tile segment recorded sales of $472 million, down 5.1% from last year, with residential business down in Dal-Tile, but commercial Mexico and home centers performing better. Within the Dal-Tile segment, we recorded a $482 million impairment charge. Operating income, for the Dal-Tile segment excluding the charge, came in at $52 million or 11%. For the Unilin segment, sales came in at $358 million down 5.5% from last year. The FX favorably impacted our sales by 6%, and on a constant FX basis, we would have had sales decline at 11%. The impairment charge for Unilin was $590 million, and our operating income, excluding charges, was $41 million, or 11.4%. The operating margin excluding our Columbia acquisition came in at about 14%. We were favorably impacted by the Euro this quarter, compared to last year, by $3 million. Corporate eliminations came in at a loss of about $4 million and we would expect a year-to-date loss at the end of the year of $25 million to $30 million. Jumping to the balance sheet, receivables, at $940 million, reflected 46 days in sales. This compares to 44 days last year. Overall, the DSOs have been impacted primarily by channel mix. We have seen a slight deterioration in our aging, but I would say overall the aging is still in very good shape, and I would remind everybody that we have over 30,000 customers, with none of them greater than 5% of our total. Inventories at $1.2 billion represented turns of 3.8 times, compared to 4.1 times last year. As we had mentioned, we had plant shutdowns planned for the fourth quarter, where we will reduce inventory levels. Under fixed assets, our capital expenditures for the quarter were $50 million, with depreciation and amortization of $77 million. We are expecting CapEx for the year to be between $210 million to $215 million. Next year we anticipate that it's going to be much lower, although we haven't finalized the number yet. Depreciation and amortization for next year will be $300 million, as it was this year, and then finally our long-term debt came in at $2.57 billion, with a debt-to-cap ratio of 37%. Talking a little bit about our liquidity, we have over $800 million available at the end of the third quarter in our various bank lines. All of our banks are well capitalized. We have three credit facilities one: for $650 million US revolver that expires in the fourth quarter of '010; 130 million European revolver that also expires in the fourth quarter of '010; and then $250 million accounts receivable securitization that expires in the third quarter of next year. We have no maturities on any of our bonds until 2011, and the first bullet due in 2011 is for $500 million. One more thing to remind everybody is that we've got one financial covenant in our bank agreements. It's a debt-to-capital ratio requirement of 60% and we have plenty of room under that requirement. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. This is one of the most difficult periods in the history of our industry and we continue to adjust to the environment. The discretionary remodeling of new home construction is at low levels in both the US and Europe. During the period, the impact of high oil and gas prices on raw materials, energy, and transportation reached unanticipated levels. Sales slowed significantly, with falling customer confidence as we moved through the quarter. We announced price increases in the US on most products during the period. We are continuing to manage our costs, working capital investments in each product category. Each of the business units has sales, manufacturing, and administrative initiatives to adapt to a tough environment. In the short term, most operations will be taking significant temporary shutdowns to control inventory levels as sales require. We are permanently closing some plants and warehouses. We continue to reduce our infrastructure to lower our overhead, since the industry environment shows no signs of a near term recovery. The Mohawk segment was impacted most by the downturn. Sales declined by 11%, with both costs and revenues under pressure. We are not satisfied with our result in the segment, and have made organizational changes and cost reductions. Almost every channel and product category has slowed during the quarter. Customer traffic in the retail stores is lower, and even the more affluent customers are reducing their spending. Commercial sales have begun to be impacted, with discretionary purchases being postponed. Healthcare and government end use markets are performing better than the other commercial categories. The price increases we announced in the summer should be fully implemented by year-end, for a combined increase of about 10%. We see trading down in all channels as customers use lower quality products to stay within their budgets. During the quarter, raw materials spiked more than we had anticipated, as chemical prices peaked, following energy and oil. Presently, chemical prices and energy are softening and should impact our first and second quarters. Polyester continues to have greater value to the consumer, and is taking share from other fibers. In October, new promotions under Mohawk brand will be running on advertising our Smartstrand brands of polyester. In our sales organizations, we have made management changes to be more responsive to the customer, improve geographic and channel focus, enhance coordination of our brands, and increase productivity. These changes do not affect the sales person on individual accounts. Organizational changes have been made in our manufacturing and product management to enhance focus on productivity, quality, and inventory. New systems are providing information for our sales staff to meet our customer needs better and optimize our sales efforts. In the period our SG&A has been reduced from the prior year, and additional actions have been taken to reduce it further. Initiatives to control direct labor through Lean efforts have increased productivity in the difficult environment. Reengineered processes have improved yields, quality, and reduced operating expenses. New extrusion equipment, which is more flexible and efficient, has been installed in the period and replaced higher cost assets. We have improved the load factor of our trucks to offset some of the transportation increases. Mohawk brand hard surfaces are more concentrated on new residential construction, and have had a more severe contraction. We are focusing hard surface efforts on expanding the retail and multi family channels. Price increases were initiated on ceramic, laminate and vinyl products during the period. The second phase of our wood product introduction is being delivered to our customers, and will improve the product mix and volume with higher-end antique and distressed styles. Our rug products are performing better, since the customers can add new color and design with a limited investment, and we have gained additional placement with our customer base. To rightsize the business, we announced the closing of two staple yarn plants and several regional distribution centers, totaling more than 1 million square feet, in the fourth quarter. This restructuring will benefit us with lower overhead and more efficient operations going forward.  In the fourth quarter, we are reducing operating levels to adapt to slowing sales, and have plans to idle more capacity to control inventory levels. We are carefully rationalizing all of our facilities to match the needs for both the near-term and the long-term environment. Dal-Tile sales declined in the period, 5% below the prior year, with sales trend slowing through the quarter as residential weakened and commercial business slowed. We believe Dal-Tile is performing much better than the overall tile market. We announced a 4% to 5% price increase in ceramic during the quarter. We are increasing our ceramic specifications in the hospitality, multifamily, and other commercial segments. New product commitments and home center channels positively impacted our third quarter shipments. New commercial introductions in our American Olean brand will add to our commercial sales through independent distribution. In the period, several new investments were started up to manufacture new color body tiles for the commercial business, rectified tiles for the higher-end business, and more efficient trim production. These investments will expand our product offering and lower our costs. Our factory direct ceramic program for large inventory buyers has begun offering an alternative to importing ceramic in the period. We are expanding our product line in the Mexican market, with the broader price points and larger sized tiles to increase market penetration. Three West Coast service centers were opened in the period to support areas that have not been fully satisfied. A new service center system has been successfully implemented in test locations. Additional service centers will be added this year, before the new system is implemented across the country, in over 200 different locations. The new system will reduce costs by more than $5 million per year and improve service and inventory turns. New material sources have been located closer to our manufacturing facilities that will reduce our costs further. In the fourth quarter, ceramic production will also be reduced with shorter work schedules and shift reductions and our sales, distribution, and administrative infrastructures are being cut further to adapt to the poor environment. Savings in trucking costs have been achieved through increased fleet utilization, as well as synergies with our other Mohawk shipments. Unilin sales declined 5% as reported, or 11% on a constant exchange rate basis. In the period we believe Unilin's operating margin of 11% and EBITDA margin of 22% are still leading the industry, driven by a strong brand name and premium product portfolio. Last year, we had record margins in this business when volume was strong. The western European market has softened substantially, as the global economy declines. Our laminate sales were down both in Europe and the US. Eastern Europe and Russia are outperforming other areas. Some Russian sales in the period were delayed, as banking dislocations temporarily interrupted some of our customers' transactions. We are adding a local warehouse in Russia in the first of next year and evaluating production to maximize our position over the long-term. Our laminate patent royalties have also declined with the contracting industry units. Roofing system sales were up slightly for the period. Our European board volume has declined with the contracting flooring, furniture and construction markets. Pricing is at cyclical low levels. The board production is highly automated and capital intensive, which has significantly impacted our board margins in the period. During the quarter, we announced a laminate increase in the US of 4% to 5%. Unilin costs were higher in the period due to the rising chemical, energy and transportation costs. Lower production schedules are increasing unabsorbed overhead and manufacturing costs. Many initiatives are underway to reduce overall costs, including product reengineering to reduce the impact of chemical and other material costs, new systems to improve customer service, inventory turns, and productivity and reductions in infrastructure are being made. During the period, we have completed the start-up of the US laminate line, which can produce higher value products, previously supplied from Europe. In Europe, we are building a plant to produce a niche urethane installation board for walls floors and roofs to be marketed by our roofing systems growth to the same customers. We are making good progress in integrating the Columbia Wood business. We have taken out costs and launched new products. The market for wood is driven heavily by new residential construction, which has continued to fall. Columbia had a $5 million operating loss, as unabsorbed overhead and product changes have offset the operational improvements we have made. The second phase of our new introduction is being shipped in the US and provides a complete wood offering at all price points. New automation is also being installed in our solid wood plants, which will make our facilities some of the most efficient in the world. The fourth quarter outlook is challenging, due to the slowing economy, tightening credit, and falling consumption of consumers and businesses. We do not expect to benefit significantly from declining oil and energy prices until the first and second quarters. In the quarter, our businesses will reduce inventory with increased shutdowns and be impacted by a decline in product mix. The stronger dollar is expected to negatively impact our results in our European, Mexican, and Canadian operations by an estimated $15 million compared to the prior year. Based on these factors, our earnings per share guidance for the fourth quarter of 2008 is between $0.20 and $0.30 per share. Excluded from this guidance is a fourth quarter restructuring charge of $25 million to $30 million related to closing facilities, which will benefit our future operations. We anticipate 2009 results will improve from our second half results from 2008. During 2009, higher selling prices and lower costs should help our margins. Actions taken in 2008 to reduce overhead, improve productivity, shutdown high cost capacity, and manage inventories will positively impact our operations. Customer discretionary spending for flooring will improve from substantial government stimulus, additional liquidity, lower gas prices and falling commodity prices. We remain convinced that Mohawk will be a stronger company when we come out of this cycle. With that, we will be glad to take questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: Good morning.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Frank Boykin: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: If you look at, thanks for all the detail. As you look at the Delta that you see now begin in Europe and commercial impacting the Unilin and the Dal-Tile business. Can you give us a sense of where the margins might contract in those businesses? I see all the things that you are doing, but I am just wondering how far the margins can fall in those businesses in the face of what looks to be likely some extended demand softness?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The fourth quarter margins are showing a dramatic contraction, impacted by the inventory reductions we are doing. When we look out, and we start with that the Unilin has had, all-time highs in the last couple of years in its margins. The economy, the volume, as well as pricing has been favorable, as well as the FX prices with it. What is happened to us in this period? Is that two things; one is that the decline in volumes decreased the margins, that we have had increasing raw materials of energy costs that have impacted the margins in the short-term. The other thing that is going on too is that we manufacture boards to support all of our different product categories, as well as selling to outside uses, both flooring, furniture and construction. Those board manufacturing is highly automated and so as the volume declines, you get significant unabsorbed overhead. The majority of the decline that we had in the third quarter was from the decline in pricing and materials within the Unilin business. The branded position and the higher quality product, I think, will help us maintain much of our margins in the laminate flooring business, so it is going to be more an impact of what the volume is going to be through the different businesses as we go forward. Frank do you have any other comments?
Frank Boykin: No.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: Then on the commercial, on the tile side of the business, how do you think about how that business will behave from this point?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think that the commercial business will soften. We see less new projects coming in. We see a decline of new projects coming on. We also see a decline in the discretionary purchases, in the remodeling parts of it, that business is getting worse and we see it declining and reducing it. We think we are about go into a cycle where the commercial business would be off, because your guess is as good as ours, as what that could be.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Goldberg with UBS.
David Goldberg - UBS: Thanks, good morning.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
David Goldberg - UBS: First question is, if you could walk us through the calculation a little bit more in depth on the goodwill write-down, the impairments, and how concerned you are moving forward that there is going to be a further goodwill write-down. I know you have a lot of room and a cushion on the debt covenants, but if there were another write-down, maybe some sensitivity around share prices declines and the potential write-downs with that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Shall I keep it real simple; it is a fairly complex process, and it took quite a bit of time to arrive at the answer that we are at, but in just very simple terms, the stock price is what is really driving the valuation, and pushing us towards a top line enterprise value for the business. What we end up having to do in this calculation to come up, with a write-off of the goodwill, is take a look at all of our other assets and liabilities and assign a fair value for those, based on today's value. Using those fair values, that drives the ultimate goodwill write-offs. So the higher the fair value and the other offsets, the higher the write-off is for goodwill. Then, of course, as I mentioned, we are not allowed to record those higher fair values of the other assets in this whole process. So, I would say two things, stock price, and then, the calculations of the fair values for the other assets. As I mentioned, we could have further write-downs, depending upon the future stock price. It is, like I said, a very complex process, so it is hard for me to silt here and say that it will or will not happen in a certain stock price. We do have plenty of room in our debt-to-cap covenant. We are around 40% right now with the current write-off, and, I believe even if we were to write-off all the goodwill, we would still be below our 60% requirement.
David Goldberg - UBS: Great. Then one follow-up question, Jeff you mentioned in your comments, and in the written piece that you expect 2009 to be better than the second half '08, and with that you mentioned some pickup from the stimulus, the Congress is working on, and I am wondering if demand does not get better, and stays where they are, at the fourth quarter levels, how can we think about the run rate and try to model and think about where your earnings could be? More simply where margins can be as we look forward?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We start off with what is happening in the second half of '08. We start with it, we have had very low consumer confidence and consumption and there has been a dramatic retraction of purchases and from there we also have that there is a tremendous amount of liquidity stimulus being done by the government, and we are assuming that the government actions are forcing liquidity into the marketplace and at some point its going to improve it from the present contraction. At the same time, we have seen unprecedented high material and energy costs in the third quarter, and then what will happen is those will impact our costs in the fourth quarter and as we move into the first and second quarters, we anticipate having some relief in our cost structures. At the same time, we have had the lag of our selling prices not being implemented, as well as new selling price increases we have put in. So the combination of those things we expect to help us positively. In addition, we had all the different actions that we have been putting in place the last six to nine months, as well as what we are doing now to reduce our infrastructure costs for manufacturing, distribution, and SG&A costs. We are doing things to improve the productivity. The cost in the fourth quarter, we are cutting production to control the working capital as we go through. So as we look forward and take all of these things into consideration, we start off that we believe over the next 12 months consumption trends will improve from where they are today, that all these pricing cost initiatives that we have will benefit our results. That the cuts we have made in the infrastructure and improvements in productivity will help our margins. So as we look forward, we believe that these things will all benefit 2009 and help us have better results than we are presently having.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Good morning, Jeff, good morning, Frank.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning, Sam.
Frank Boykin: Good morning.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: I have got three questions if I may. First Frank, I do appreciate that the detail on the write-downs, specifically as it relates to the deferred tax asset. I understand, I think that the 253 is an intangible within that deferred tax asset, but are you still running that down because of lower expected future taxable income that would offset it? Or how do you go about getting the valuation of that deferred tax asset right sized? I am confused.
Frank Boykin: Yes, it can be confusing. The first point to member is that the operating losses that are generated in this tax strategy have indefinite lives. So from a tax cash standpoint we will be able to realize them at some point of time in the future. The rules require you to take a look at what you estimate cash flows to be over some long period of time. If your estimate changes from one year to the next, then that is what impacts whether you put the asset up, like we did in the fourth quarter, when we took the benefit, or you take it down, like we did this quarter, when we charged it back to taxes. So, it is more of a view at a point in time, cash flows related to a specific strategy.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: So this is a reflection of a decrease and earnings expectations from your foreign operations. Is that how we should read it?
Frank Boykin: It is a change in timing in terms of when cash flows would come in.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Timing, meaning pushing them out, because the near term results are more depressed than previously thought, when you originally established the asset, is that how to look at it?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Forces you to take a point of view at a point in time? 
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Okay. Second question, you noted that you want to draw down your inventories, so I am guessing that your production is going to be below to your shipment level in the fourth quarter, can you give us a sense of degree, in terms of how much your production will be down versus shipments or if you can give us a sense of where inventories might be by year end?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that each of the different businesses is continuing to circumstances in the sales, which I can not say that our estimates have been so good in the last few months. Frank, do you have a direction to give him?
Frank Boykin: They will be down from the third quarter, Sam. I am not sure we are prepared to give you an exact number, but they will be down in absolute dollars in the third to the fourth quarter, and then down from the fourth quarter a year ago.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Inventories will be down more so than sales might be, is how we should look at it?
Frank Boykin: Yes.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Yes, you just said, yes, I am sorry?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Okay. I am sorry. Last question and I will defer to others. Could you help us with what your thoughts are, you said that in Dal-Tile you are gaining share. I would imagine that laminates in many areas you are gaining share, which is good in this environment. Talk about the Mohawk segment, what your thoughts are, in terms of the share situation there, and how we should look at that, because on the reported numbers, on the industry, it looks like the reported numbers are not as tough as what you folks are saying?
Jeff Lorberbaum: First, the Mohawk segment has multiple things in it, and we have hard surface sales of which the division has much more new construction in the overall business. A year ago, we also discontinued our flat woven products last year. The Mohawk division versus the industry numbers has less participation in the carpet tile business, which has been growing faster, and also, has higher average price points. At the same time, we have been growing our share in the polyester business, and polyester brings greater value and therefore has a lower average price, which is impacting a little bit our average price versus the market. At the same time, during the structure, we have reduced our SKUs and we have made cuts in our SG&A going into this thing that impacted our distribution. We have many things going on to improve our position. Starting with the things we did this quarter, which is realigning the sales management to improve our execution. It is also going to help us coordinate our brands to satisfy each of the customer needs and get all the products to each of the customers who desire them. We have put in new introductions and continued to fill specific gaps that we created with some of our dropping of products. We are improving our speed to market, as well as our service levels. We have improved systems, as well as reporting, to help manage the sales better, by account, by sales person. We are increasing our focus on retail and multifamily channels and all the different pieces. We are significantly increasing our participation in the carpet tile offering and distribution, including, offering new products at lower values than the overall marketplace to try to expand the carpet tile category. We have also put in new wood products to broaden the wood offering within the segment. So, we have many different initiatives going on to improve the market share.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Thank you both.
Frank Boykin: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Good morning, Jeff. Good morning, Frank.
Frank Boykin: Good morning.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: What share price were the write-offs based on?
Frank Boykin: It was an average price, David. I think it was around $62.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: I do not want a long answer, but is there a short answer as to how the average is calculated, is it over a quarter?
Frank Boykin: Can we take it offline? It will be a long answer.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Certainly can. In terms of confining the manufacturing curtailments to the fourth quarter, what is the likelihood that that is achievable versus seeing these manufacturing curtailments spill into the first half '09?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that we will see additional curtailments in the first quarter. The first quarter is always a low quarter. We are expecting that could be low industry volume during the quarter, so we would expect them to keep on through the first quarter and your guess is as good as mine as to what happens to the rest of the year.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Okay. Any asset sales contemplated?
Jeff Lorberbaum: No.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Ray Huang - JPMorgan: Hello. This is Ray Huang on for Mike. So going down to the fourth quarter guidance, looks like the third quarter sales held up actually relatively well. Did the trend get significantly worse in October or is it more a function of the inventory reductions and the margin contraction that you had expected in the fourth quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It is all of the above. We expect demand to continue decreasing. We do not see the consumers at this point changing. We see a slowing of the commercial business. We see the higher cost inventory, which came from peak prices in the third quarter, flowing into the fourth quarter, where it is going to be used. We have inventory reductions, compounding the low sales volume, creating a negative absorption just talked about. There are price increases that some of the divisions put in during the quarter will not be fully recognized in the first quarter. There is unfavorable FX and then we have some unfavorable GAAP hedges, which the majority of it will be through in the fourth quarter. So the combination of all those are making the fourth quarter much worse than we would like it to do.
Ray Huang - JPMorgan: Okay. Then moving in to the first half of '09; assuming that your demand stays relatively weak at these levels, and assuming raw materials stabilize at these levels. What margin benefits can we expect in the first half of '09, especially given that you said that, the first half of '09 should be better than the second half of '08, rough basis point estimate for what type of margin improvement you expect, just excluding everything else there, everything else being equal? You know, from to the [re-stable] out there.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Just to correct you, the statement is that the second half of '08 trends will improve the '09, not first half the second half. Just to correct what we have said. The cost structures are still fluid. We are not sure where the prices are going to end up. It takes months for these things to flow through the system. We had high prices in the third quarter. There is some softening going on. We are not sure where they are going to end up at this point. So we do not know exactly what the benefit would be. At the same time, we are assuming also that there is going to be additional promotions by the industry, to try to keep capacity running. You have to offset those with. I mean, it is not a, there is no simple answer to the question.
Ray Huang - JPMorgan: Okay. Lastly just speaking of the price increases, I think you mentioned, in Mohawk, the cumulative price increase would be 10%, incremental in '09. Do you have a breakout for Dal-Tile and Unilin would be. I know you mentioned the 4% to 5% increase in the third quarter but you can give like a cumulative price increase for, what the incremental would be for '09?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I do not think we have that in front of us. We will be glad to get it to you. We have announced all the various increases. 
Ray Huang - JPMorgan: Can you call me back, with
Frank Boykin: I will give it to you, Ray.
Ray Huang - JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ivy Zelman with Zelman & Associates.
Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates: Good morning, everyone. Maybe if I can address what would like the elephant in the room and you can tell me if I am wrong. I think, you mentioned quite a number of things that you have done, whether reducing your SG&A or improving load factors or your new extrusion equipment and price increases and shutdowns and doing everything you can to mitigate the challenging environment. Yet for all that you have done, you are still running on the fourth quarter, what appears to be in this challenging environment a $0.20 to $0.30 estimate. So lot of people are wondering, is that a number that you can extrapolate and say, wow, does that mean that they are going to earn a buck next year and the street said $4.15. So when you are looking out in '09, despite having done a lot of what you have already started to initiate. You are also on the other hand putting a lot of money out there with respect to new initiatives, service centers, new plants, new facilities and new product offerings. So what we would love to understand is how we should think about '09, relative to your indicating that the improvement we will see from the fourth quarter. I mean, seems as if the environment could actually get worse and would like to have more clarity on why should we expect an improvement in the second half, given the $0.20 to $0.30 run rate, when you should be benefiting from all the things that you said you have been doing?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Again, I am going to repeat a lot of the same things. The cost structures in the third quarter were at all time highs. Those things will pass through into the third quarter and some of it into the first quarter before you see the impacts of the lower costs. The second piece is that the selling prices are being put in through the fourth quarter, so you will get the impact of both of those things as you move into the first quarter positively. At the same time, our assumptions for the next year are that the present level of constriction of the consumer have got to have some relief, because the consumer can not not spend anything for the entire year given the amount of liquidity we are expecting in the marketplace to help promote it. With that, you know with all the stimulus, our assumption are that as we move through the year, that there will be more positive purchases by the consumer. Most of our businesses are in the remodeling piece across the country. We do have a significant share of the other, but it is going to take a while to be impacted by what is going on. We think the confidence is going to
Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates: What would you change if you, realizing a lot of it is contingent on the consumer not remaining at these depressed levels in terms of their spending. What do you think would have to change in your outlook? Would it mean more rationalization, more plant potential split and shutdowns, change in CapEx, exit plans for '09, because right now when you went into the third quarter obviously you were caught by surprise. What happens if you are caught by surprise, and there is no improvement? What are some of the things that you would do differently?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We are already making those changes. I mean we are continuing to increase the cuts in infrastructure. We are continuing to right size the business in all parts of the piece, the capital expenditures will decline significantly, we have to put them together. This year it is a little over $200 million. I do not know how far we can drive them down next year, but, I mean at the moment, we are going to go in to the year only spending money on the things that get really high paybacks or we have to do. Then the question about how far we have to adapt them, as we go through the year and see what is going to happen. So the changes are being implemented through every division as hundreds of different priorities. They have cost structures and goals, by department, by our manufacturing facility, by the sales group. Each one of them is reviewing the cost structures and pairing it down to where they perceive it to be today. We will continue doing those things.
Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Howard Friedman with Rodman Capital.
Howard Friedman - Rodman Capital.: I would like for you to give us some insight into the criteria that were used in having these write-offs. Maybe you could give us insight as to whether more are expected. At the time you made the acquisitions, there was considerable criticism voiced towards management that you all were overpaying for these acquisitions. As an ancillary question to what I just asked, to examine the criteria, could you give us your reaction? Are these in effect write-offs forced upon you and/or are they not an adequate reflection of what you feel to be the underlying asset values of the company, or with the benefit of hindsight, do you think that maybe the acquisition should not have been made at the time? The last question I wanted to deal with is, as I understand it, all of the loans that you might have are not asset-based, but they are cash, that the regulations around them are cash flow based. Is that correct?
Frank Boykin: Lot of questions there. I am sure we are not going to remember all of them, so you may have to help us, but just starting with the question regarding the goodwill write-off, I would say that our view is this does not indicate that there was an overpayment either to the Unilin or to Dal-Tile acquisitions. Again, the accounting rules forced to take a point of view at a point in time, with the stock price being the primary driver in this model for the valuation. Then in addition to that, as I had mentioned before, we are required to go through and look at all the other assets and liabilities, and place a fair value in the model for those, which drives down the goodwill value. Even though, we are not allowed to take credit for those higher values of other assets in our financials. So I think answering your question is, this does not really change our view on what we did in 2002, when we bought Dal-Tile or in 2005 when we bought Unilin. Then what was the rest of your question?
Howard Friedman - Rodman Capital.: My understanding is that your bank loans, as well as your debt are not connected at all to the assets that you have on your asset side of the balance sheet, on one side of the balance sheet and the only criteria are really are your cash flow generation. Is that correct? Could you maybe refreshen us as to what those criteria are?
Frank Boykin: None of our assets are pledged against any of the debt. The only one covenant we have, that I mentioned earlier, is the debt-to-capitalization covenant, where we have to remain below 60%. Does that answer your question?
Howard Friedman - Rodman Capital.: Yes, I think so.
Frank Boykin: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen East with Pali Capital.
Stephen East - Pali Capital: Good morning, everybody.
Frank Boykin: Good morning.
Stephen East - Pali Capital: If you look at the fourth quarter and all of the negative factors that are weighing on you, if you could just rank order what the biggest drivers are, in other words, is under absorption the biggest driver, versus raw material costs, et cetera?
Frank Boykin: Run us through that one more time, Steven.
Stephen East - Pali Capital: Okay. If you look at what is impacting you in the fourth quarter, if you could rank order for me the negative factors, what your biggest driver is, is it the under absorption because of idling plants? Is it the raw material costs? Is it FX? How would you just rank order the impact of those?
Frank Boykin: Well, number one is going to be production volume, being much lower than what it had been in the past. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: As the volume goes down, the margin also goes down. It goes along with it, which is different than the absorption. You are losing both.
Stephen East - Pali Capital: Okay.
Frank Boykin: I would say that is number one and then I am not sure how the others fall out off the top of my head.
Stephen East - Pali Capital: Okay. Then if you look at that production volume and that idling, it is following on Ivy's question about what happens if the consumer does not come back in the first quarter. I am trying to understand how much of your idling is due to your desire to bring down inventories, versus how much of it is driven by the lack of demand out in the marketplace?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think what you are trying to get, is the first quarter going to be wonderful. I think in the first quarter we are going to continue having volume problems in the quarter and under absorbed overheads. The first quarter will continue to be difficult, what we will have though is the offsetting cost improvements we are hoping to have an increase in selling prices. So those things are going to help positively impact it. Then there should be as you said less reduction of inventory in the first quarter. Those things will improve versus the fourth quarter.
Stephen East - Pali Capital: Okay. Then the last question I have is just on the impairments. If you were running at $60 plus a share, $62 a share in the quarter, I mean, this quarter right now. If we did not really improve much, we are going to be running in the mid-40s. That level, should we assume that we will see another meaningful impairment in the goodwill?
Frank Boykin: That is a hard assumption to make. One thing you have to keep in mind is our book value per share now is in the $50 range. So that is going to impact the analysis also and like I mentioned earlier, there is a lot of moving parts. It is a very complicated process and it is hard to say that we will definitely have or not have, but there is a possibility that we will have another impairment charge.
Stephen East - Pali Capital: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Laura Champine with Cowen and Company.
Unidentified Analyst: Hello, this is John Kern, I am sitting in for Laura.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Could you give us some color on why you are excluding the restructuring charges from your Q4 guidance? It seems as if there is a possibility that it could become recurring going into next year. It does not seem that you have been excluding them throughout the rest of the downturn.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, they were a little bit larger this time around then they had been in the past and other than making it easier for everybody to understand from the get go, what they were going to be that is about it.
Unidentified Analyst: So just thinking about '09, do you think that we are going to see more in Q1 and maybe in the first half of '09?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We do not have any plans for them, or we would have done them.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Mitchell with Globus Asset Management.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good Morning. 
Unidentified Analyst: You have been putting through your price increases for quite sometime now and as always obviously it comes to you with a lag. I am just wondering in previous cycles, when you have seen, the cost of raw materials catch up to the underlying demand of our product. How effective have you been to hold on to those price increases?
Jeff Lorberbaum: If you go back to 2001, and I am not sure I am going to get the years exactly right, where oil dropped dramatically. The Mohawk business had its largest margins as the raw materials were dropping: I am not sure it was 2001 or 2002, something. It was that high watermark for the Mohawk segment? What typically happens is that the prices fall. There is more specific promotions going on by the industry, and we are trying to manage it as it goes through. At the same time, I have to remind you that as the costs went up, the margins have gone down, because we have not recovered it all, but the industry hopefully will try to recover some of the lost margins on the other side, that we need to maintain the businesses.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So you sound pretty confident that you are going to hold on to a lot of prices increases that you have been able to take?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You asked what has happened in the past, than I heard you.
Unidentified Analyst: Well, you are welcome to comment on the future too.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The future, we hope to do the same.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carl Reichardt with Wachovia Securities.
Carl Reichardt - Wachovia Securities: Good morning.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Carl Reichardt - Wachovia Securities: Frank the mid point of your guidance for fourth quarter I presume that before any additional impairments that the Mohawk segment is operating income profitable?
Frank Boykin: No, there is no impairment charges assumed in the Q4.
Carl Reichardt - Wachovia Securities: I know that but is that are you assuming that ex that operating income in the Mohawk segment is above the zero in the fourth quarter. Does that imply that the midpoint of your guidance range?
Frank Boykin: Carl, we have not gotten into giving any guidance or specific information regarding guidance by segment.
Carl Reichardt - Wachovia Securities: Okay fine. Then just in thinking about the past and potential future. I am thinking about the larger portion of the customer base, the retail customer base. In past cycles Jeff, has there been a tendency for that customer base to contract in numbers or is there an opportunity for you recognizing the structure of these the carpets sides changed? Is there an opportunity for you to gain customers given the expense you have made into other products and given potential attrition or consolidation in that industry? What is your thought process on your ability to grow your share with that base of customers?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Are you talking about the retailers?
Carl Reichardt - Wachovia Securities: Yes, the retailers and in fact, yes, just the retailer in specific.
Jeff Lorberbaum: What typically happens is in other pieces, that other times we have been through these cycles, the number of retailer contracts by some amount. What happens is every time we have been through this; that the industry starts projecting that small retailers will not be here and every time we get through it, the other side is still here. So I do not know if this one is going to be the same as the rest of them, but if the rest of them, it takes limited capital to get into the business, so that as the industry expands on the other side, we tend to have more people getting into the business. I do not see anything that is going to change that at this moment.
Carl Reichardt - Wachovia Securities: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question for today comes from Arnie Brief with Goldsmith & Harris.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Arnie Brief - Goldsmith & Harris: Good morning. Two questions, One, in terms of trying to model for next year, I can plug in the pricing increase and I can guess at raw material costs. The number I can not guess at all is the. Could you total up all the efforts you are making to cut infrastructure and what they might total on a run rate basis when they are all fully implemented?
Frank Boykin: The problem we have is that depending on the volume levels as we cut the costs in many cases, they are offset by unabsorbed overheads.
Arnie Brief - Goldsmith & Harris: I am not asking you to make that judgment. The volume number is anybody's guess, and I have to make my own. I am just asking what the cost cutting total could be when it is fully implemented. Then you know of course is mix, there is all kinds of other things. We do not know if the price increase is going to hold with weak volume and declining raw material costs. So basically, lots of things could change, but a number would help, at least in terms of getting us into a ballpark on what all of these cost cuttings would produce?
Frank Boykin: I do not have that at my fingertips for the collective business to give you. I do not see if we can get something together that would make any sense.
Arnie Brief - Goldsmith & Harris: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We appreciate everyone being on the call. These are a difficult environment. We have a good management team that is working to adapt to the changes in the marketplace and continue improve the business. We believe that the category, the industry will improve over time that we are going through a cyclical downturn that is much worse than historical and it too will end. That we think we are putting the things in place to be well positioned as we come out of this. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's Mohawk Industries third quarter earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and CEO Frank H. Boykin - CFO
Analysts: Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates Ray Huang - JP Morgan David MacGregor - Longbow Research Laura Champine - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc. Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus David Goldberg - UBS Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Alexander Mitchell - Scopus Asset Management
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jody and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today July 22nd, 2008. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Jeff Lorberbaum, President and CEO. Mr. Lorberbaum, please begin.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning and thank you for joining us the Mohawk's second quarter conference call. With me, I have Frank Boykin, our CFO. We appreciate your interest in Mohawk and we'll review the current environment, the performance, and our strategic direction. Before we proceed, Frank will review the Safe Harbor statement.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You can refer to our press release for a reconsolidation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Our results for the second quarter were impacted by the slowing economies in the U.S. and Europe and rapidly increasing commodity costs. Second quarter net income was $89 million and diluting share... and diluted earnings per share was $1.29. Net sales for the quarter were $1.8 billion, reflecting a decline of 7% from 2007. During the quarter, our cash flow from operations was $267 million, and we paid $183 million of our debt. Our debt-to-capitalization ratio improved to 30%, and our debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 2.3%. Declining U.S. home construction and residential remodeling, slowing European demand and rising raw materials and energy costs have contributed to the flooring industry cyclical decline. The rapidly increasing costs are stressed on our margin, even as we raise selling prices to offset these costs. All of our management team remains focused on improving our market position, increasing quality, introducing innovative products and providing excellent customer service. The team is relentlessly pursuing cost controls, working capital management, and process improvement to manage through cycle. We believe all of these efforts will better position our company when the market improves. Frank, could you review the financial information please?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Sure I'll be glad to, Jeff. Starting with the income statements, as Jeff had said, our net sales came in at $1.840 billion or about 7% below last year. All segments are down on a constant exchange rate basis and if we exclude acquisitions, due to the declining U.S. and European economies. Our gross profit was impacted by lower volumes and higher raw and material energy costs and 26.2% of net sales were about 200 basis points less than last year. SG&A expenses came in at $337 million, which is an improvement over last year by $21 million, as reported, or if you look at it on a constant exchange rate basis, it was actually $28 million better than last year. We continue to emphasize cost savings and reductions in this area, but are impacted by lower leverage with lower sales. Interest and other expense; interest came in at $33 million lower due to lower debt levels as we pay down our debt from strong cash flow. And other expense and income was less favorable due to the impact of foreign exchange. Income taxes, the rate for income taxes for the quarter was 20.5% that compares to 28.8% last year, improved over last year, as a result of the tax planning we put in place late last year. We were also impacted this year on our tax rate as earnings in Europe were lower, and we have a fixed amount for permanent tax deductions, which with the combination of those tow things, gives you a lower effective tax rate. We expect our tax rate going forward for the rest of this year to be in the 20% to 21% range. Our earnings per share at $1.29 were 23% below last year. Moving to the segment information, the Mohawk segment sales were $968 million or 13% below last year. This segment was most impacted by the U.S. residential decline. Operating income in this segment was 3.6% of net sales, with margins being squeezed by lower volumes and rapidly increasing raw material costs. Our Dal-Tile segment sales at $482 million were 5% below last year but they continue to outperform the industry even with a decline in sales. Operating income came in at 12.1% for the Dal-Tile segment, and they were most impacted by higher energy and freight costs, during the quarter. The Unilin segment sales, at $412 million were 13% better than last year. If you look at sales based on a constant exchange rate basis and excluding the Columbia Wood acquisition from last year, sales would have declined by 7%. We saw declines both in our European businesses and our U.S. businesses with sales. Operating income was 14.6% of net sales with operating margin, excluding the Columbia acquisition, which we had a loss on during the quarter of $5 million, coming in at 17.2%. Foreign exchange favorably impacted our operating income by $8 million for the quarter. In the corporate and eliminations segment, the operating income loss was $7 million for the quarter, and we expect to run about $30 million for the full year. Jumping to the balance sheet and looking at receivables, they ended the quarter at $982 million. Our days sales outstanding and receivables for the quarter were a little bit over 45 and a half days compared to 44 days last year. The increase in days was impacted primarily by channel mix with our aging... our account receivable aging still in good shape. Inventories ended the quarter at a million... at $1.250 billion with our turns coming in at 3.9 times for the quarter compared to 4.1 times last year. We did generate cash with inventories decreasing $45 million from the end of the first quarter to the end of the second quarter. And also, included in our inventories at the end of the second quarter of this year is about $50 million related to the Columbia acquisition that we did not have in last year. Inventories were impacted by raw material inflation, by buying ahead of the price increases and then also declining demand. Under fixed assets, we spent $50 million of capital expenditures and that compares to $75 million in depreciation and amortization. We continue to estimate CapEx for the year between $225 million to $250 million with depreciation and amortization expected to come in at about $300 million for the full year. If you look at long-term debt, we ended up at $2.1 billion with long-term debt. We paid down $183 million of debt during the quarter, improving our debt-to-capitalization ratio to 30% and our debt-to-EBITDA ratio at 2.3 tines. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. The environment in the second quarter continued to deteriorate in all our segments but decline in demand and cost increases reduced the margin. Price increases, cost cutting and process improvements are the focal point of all our business segments. The Mohawk segment's performance is under pressure with sales declining 13%. Both the residential remodeling and new construction have deteriorated and show no short-term indication of improving. The commercial and rug products are performing better while the hard surface and the cushion products are declining more than residential. We see customers in all product categories trading down in quality as their budgets have been constrained by rising food, gas and healthcare costs. During the second quarter, we announced two carpet price increases: one in June and one in July, for a combined increase of about 10%. The increases will be implemented through the third and fourth quarters but are lagging the cost changes. Higher energy, materials and freight costs are causing dramatic cost inflation. Many of our raw materials are going up 30% to 50% from the first of the year. Polyester is increasing less than nylon and polypropylene, making it a better value for the consumer. The major focus of residential is on the retail replacement category through independent dealers, home centers and multi-family. In both the home center multi-family channels we received additional commitments which should help us in the fall. Our mid-season product launches are getting into the stores, and we've satisfied specific style and performance needs as well as filled some value positions which have been vacated. In the Mohawk wood, we've lunched the first phase of our new product direction, focused on the medium to high end with a visual with differentiated visuals. We'll begin the second phase of the introductions in the third quarter. Our commercial products continue stronger than residential but we're anticipating them slowing in the future. Our new brand strategy, our four brands in the distinct markets with different value proposition and sales focus has been executed. We are increasing our commercial carpet tile offering with new value, performance and stylized tile options. We also introduced carpet tile on our main street channel, which is not specified by project. We introduced a new hospitality product called Synthesis, which is expanding use of printed carpets from Durkan and to hotel areas historically using other product. We continue to invest in our Greenworks environmental initiatives, which have been well accepted by our customers. Mohawk flooring has many initiatives to improve productivity, material yields, quality and service. Controllable direct labor and material yields are favorable compared to last year. Many process improvements have been executed improving cost and quality. New supply chain systems are being implemented and next year we'll improve service, working capital and productivity. Reductions in our infrastructure have been made to balance costs with business condition. All new capital investments in the category are focused on cost and quality improvement. Dal-Tile sales are down 5% during the quarter and are doing well through the difficult environment. The U.S. commercial and Mexican sales growth continue to buffer the impact of the declining U.S. residential industry. Our new direct ceramic collection is providing an alternative for our large customers, who are importing ceramics in bulk today. With large commercial accounts, we are expanding the specification of our products and increasing our penetration. Most of our new product introductions are focused on the commercial end users. New product placements and home centers will improve our share in the channel in the fall. We are producing exact size rectified tile that will broaden our ceramic offering and strengthen our position. We opened three new service centers in the West where we believe we have opportunities to grow. In July, we purchased a stone center in North Carolina to expand our national presence in stone. The major factors affecting Dal-Tile's margins are rapidly rising energy and increasing freight cost, along with consumers trading down in quality. We've increased product prices and energy surcharges in the second quarter to help offset the rising costs. Given the cost changes that are occurring, it may be necessary to increase ceramic prices again in the third quarter. Manufacturing is operating well, and we're producing many products that were previously sourced externally. Many cost initiatives are being executed to improve labor productivity, control expenses, and reduce energy consumption. Freight costs are being reduced by utilizing lower cost transportation modes, increasing weight per load and more direct shipment. By the end of the year, new systems to enhance our local service centers will be tested and ready to implement across the business, to improve service levels, productivity and inventory turns in our local service centers. We are improving the use of working capital and reducing our inventories. In the third period, higher costs and lower volume are expected to continue pressure on margin. Unilin sales, as reported, were up 13% over last year and down 7% on a constant exchange rate basis, excluding the Columbia acquisition. In the last couple of years, Unilin has had extraordinary results with last year at an all time high. With indicators we've been on [ph] that we didn't believe that these results were sustainable over the long term. Sales declines were experienced in the U.S. and much of Western Europe with Russian and Eastern Europe continuing growth. Laminate sales in Europe were weakest in the UK and Spain. Our premium positioning of laminate in Europe is holding up better than the overall market. Our laminate MDF core sales and pricing are down, reflecting a slow market and additional new capacity, which has come into the European market. Our IP revenue has also fallen along with the industry's volumes. Oil based materials and energy inflation continue to increase the cost of most of our products in this category also. A 5% to 6% price increase is being implemented in the U.S. laminate business during the third quarter. The new laminate capacity in the U.S. will be operating in the third quarter and will reduce the cost of our higher end products, presently imported from Europe. In our roofing and other wood products, roofing has maintained its performance while our other wood products were down with the slowing European construction cabinet and furniture markets. Our external sales to these markets and other manufacturers were at cyclical high pricing and volume level in 2007 and are headed towards cyclical lows. In the third quarter, we anticipate continued slow demand and additional plant shutdowns in Europe, affecting overhead absorption and increasing our costs. Unilin has many initiatives to lower cost to modify processes and materials as well as reduce energy consumption. The wood business of flooring [ph] lost $5 million in the second quarter due to lower industry volume and customers reducing inventory anticipating new products being launched. Higher sales that distressed inventory were incurred, as a result of the product line repositioning we are doing in the both the Mohawk and Columbia brand. The wood flooring operations have made significant improvements in manufacturing processes and material yields, reducing labor and improving quality. We've implemented new information system and internalize outside wood purchases so far but the negative overhead absorption is increasing costs. We expect our new product strategy will improve both our wood sales and our product mix. In the third quarter, the outlook remains challenging, given the difficult business environment. Slow demand and higher materials and higher energy cost will continue to compress our margin. As a result, we are raising product prices and transportation fees on most products but continue to lag the increases in costs. We will adapt our strategy to a continuously changing environment Based on these factors, our guidance for the third quarter 2008 is $1.06 to $1.15. We have many focused initiatives underway to reduce costs, maximize working capital, improve service and bring new products to the market. We remain convinced that Mohawk will be stronger as we come out of this cycle. With that, we will be glad to take any questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates: Can you hear me, okay?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Hi Sam, how are you?
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates: Very good. How are you? First off, Frank, you mentioned that the tax rate... it is little bit of housekeeping question... 20% to 21% was that for the whole year or was that for the second half of your expectations of that tax rate?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: The second half.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates: Second half. Okay, thank you. And Jeff, I guess, you and I talked about this at NeoCon a little bit. At what point do you look at the pricing structure of how you go to market and maybe look more towards a variable pricing method either including surcharges or some sort of indexed pricing methodology to make it easier for you to continue to pass along the dramatic inflation that you are seeing? And are we anywhere near there or is it just issues with that make it very difficult to do so?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The issues that make it difficult are that our customers are not used to variable pricing in that if they make a sale, they would like to know what their costs are going to be. And if you go through a variable structure, it would change constantly. And so we think that it's difficult to move the industry to that but as it keeps changing it may have to be a consideration over time.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates: And then finally, you mentioned that the commercial end markets are a little bit better than... considerably better than the residential end markets. But you anticipate them to slow. Are you seeing them moderate at present or is that an expectation that you are hearing either from the field or based on macroeconomic indicators that you follow?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What's happening is there are less projects being brought up. We perceive there is some slowing; we believe that, we have built into our forecast that they are going to slow in the second half in it. They continue to perform much better than the residential, but given the environment and the different pieces going on with the economy, and business, our assumptions are they're going to slow.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates: Thanks very much.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JP Morgan.
Ray Huang - JP Morgan: Actually Ray Huang in for Mike.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning Ray.
Ray Huang - JP Morgan: Good morning. I wonder if you can give some color on the new U.S laminate facility. I wonder if you can give the... in the press release you guys mentioned that there is currently some higher end product being imported from Europe. I wondered if you could quantify how much that represents at Unilin and also what if you had quantified any cost savings associated with it?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As the duty have changed the importing of our products continues to increase. The new equipment that we have installed is more sophisticated and can do, look that we could only do historically in Europe. In making the change you end up with freight and duty changes as you go through you eliminate the currency impact. It will improve the overhead absorption in the U.S. market though it will negatively affect it a little in the European market as we move it. And then it also offers opportunities to move some working capital due to the time it's on the water and reduce that. The capacity that we put in is about 100 million square feet of new capacity in the plants, which we believe, will also help us provide additional product as the business grows in the future.
Ray Huang - JP Morgan: Okay, that's helpful. But do you guys... I mean, would that be in the ballpark like 100 basis point improvements, 200 basis points?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It' s only a limited portion.... I don't have the number in front of us, but I mean it's still only a limited portion of the total business. And it's not going to move the margin dramatically, plus Dal-Tile business.
Ray Huang - JP Morgan: Okay and then, just on the sales growth in the second quarter, just wonder if you could give a breakout of how much of that growth was due to the price and how much was due to volume, by segment?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Well, There was no growth due to volume for the most part.
Ray Huang - JP Morgan: Lots of decline and thing....
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: We don't really have that information right here in front of us, right now.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: If you want to call Frank, he will get it for you afterwards.
Ray Huang - JP Morgan: Okay fair, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Frank, good morning Jeff.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey David.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: I guess a couple questions. First of all, how is the mix of distributed product versus manufactured product changing? You mentioned, Jeff, in your prepared remarks that you are more products into your manufacturing. And I sense that maybe the distributed portion is declining. Can you help us understand maybe how that has changed over the last few quarters?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The comment was related to Dal-Tile and Dal-Tile historically, we've had as much as 35% or more of the product we sell of the ceramic product that we sell imported, and supply by outside sources. As the volume in the industry has slowed down, we have reduced that to 20% or less, and what's left is basically looks that are differentiated that either we chose not to make or they take very specialized production to make them.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Was that more high differentiated low turn type of product?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Correct. They are much more at the extreme end of the product differentiation in the ceramic business, and we're still in our product line using those.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Okay. That's helpful, thanks. I guess the other question is just thinking about fourth quarter, you've laid out third quarter guidance for us, which we appreciate. But how could things get better in the fourth quarter at this stage or should we think of the fourth quarter as looking a lot like the third quarter at this point?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our crystal ball doesn't work any better than yours. The things we have to... that impacted, I guess, they are dependent on these assumptions. And let me start with just the assumptions in the third quarter, which is first, we've assumed that demand in the U.S. market is going to continue to be under pressure and will be lower than... will continue lower that Europe will continue to be more affected by the U.S. financial problems going on and that the European market will slow. We've assumed that the U.S. commercial market will start being affected. We have started with the assumption that even though energy and oil have... if oil prices have declined in the last couple of weeks, that they are going to continue to be very high, and that energy costs are going to remain at high levels. We've assumed that the raw material prices are still behind the oil prices, and there is still more oil inflation that will come to our raw materials during the third quarter as we go forward. And with this, the raw materials will continue their inflationary rise. With these things, the result is that the business will have lower production volume as will the industry and impact their absorption and then that price increases will not be executed as fast as the cost increases in the third quarter. And with those things, it depends on how you make the assumptions on those pieces, and you can make dramatic assumptions different on each one of those looking forward than we did. So if you believe that oils are at a high and it's going to drop to 100 you'd get a difference answer. If you believe that's going to go $160, you'd get a dramatically different answer on both the cost side and on the margin side as we go through. So our assumptions are it will be more or the same in the last half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Morgan Keegan.
Laura Champine - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Could you comment on the year-over-year change in carpet yardage? Because of that segment down 13% in the face of multiple price increases, I am guessing the yardage is really getting hammered. Is that a good assumption?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The volume is down significantly. The industry is down about... I think it was about 14% in units with residential down more and commercial better. So there is a dramatic decline in the unit volume in the industry and our performance, I am not too proud of with that, and I'll gladly discuss that to with...
Laura Champine - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Right, I mean that leads on to the follow on which is that, it seems that you may be losing some share and I am curious what might drive that.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: If you look at the overall business, the Dal-Tile and Unilin, we believe are growing share, and the Mohawk segment has not performed as well. Just to remind you we have different product categories under the Mohawk segments, so it's not all one thing. We have rug and commercial products that are doing better than the residential. We have hard surface and padding that have done worse. We've also discontinued the flat woven business that was about $40 million last year, also in the piece. And as we went through into the cycle we started making significant adjustments to our strategy, to address what we believed to be product and demand changes that were going to happen. And we aggressively made changes in various parts of the business, which have impacted our performance over the short term, but we think will position us better for the future. In broad categories, we have realigned our sales strategy to create a better focus on individual channels and remove redundancy we have across the business. We increased the specialization, by customer channel. We narrowed the various brands that we used and some more narrow brand focuses and we've taken out overlap between the different brands, while at the same time we've increased the sales force segmentation. The second major piece is we've repositioned and simplified the product line. In doing this, we dropped a significant number of SKUs. We have consolidated the SKUs within it and then to align with the sales strategy, we have reduced redundancy between the different brands and sales forces. Behind the things, we simplified and engineered, re-engineered the various components that go into them, to make them more effective. And then we have expanded what we believe to be the higher growth product areas, which would be polyester, carpet tile, multi-family and higher end stylized products or reducing others such as nylon staple and other categories that we believe are reducing. And finally, we've tried to right size the cost structure of the business. We aggressively went after headcount in all areas of administration, sales, management. We have increased the discipline in our spending of marketing monies and we have lowered the direct labor as well as manufacturing costs to go along with it in different pieces to try to offset the falling volume and all these things. We put up a lot of aggressive changes in place in the most difficult environment history. We believe that the right actions for the business and the combination of executing those things have negatively affected the business to short term. But we think long term they're going to position us for a better business as well as more profitability as we go forward.
Laura Champine - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ivy Zelman with Zelman & Associates.
Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates: And with the price increases that you are planning for the back half of the year, it's a necessity given the cost increases. The only issue though is, obviously that can negatively impact volume further, and looking at your utilization rates right now. Is it not a possibility that you'll see volumes fall off further as the expense as a big ticket item to put a New Florida home and something that could be postponable. And that right now consumers are pretty tapped out and discretionary spending seems to be now at the top their list. So is it possible, you will lose share and you will see more volume decline at the expense of getting those price increases and what do you do if that starts to happen?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The price increases that we are putting through, we believe the entire industry is putting through, everyone's amount increases. From the feedback we're getting from the marketplace, it sounds like that we're all in similar position... the marketplace has moved to a relatively similar position. With the rapid increase in oil based materials, anything related to oil is likely to go up. We believe, it will about a 10% increase with the last two increases going into the marketplace. The consumer demand is under great pressure as we know, but we think that the entire category is going to have to move up.
Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates: No, Jeff, I appreciate that and I think obviously there is little you can do about that. I am not referring that you will lose share versus your competition. I am sorry if I may have sounded. What I am saying is, is it not a risk right now that the consumer is already feeling the tremendous stress of the weak economy? And being very levered that you will see a further decline in volume and part of the business at least the way I understand carpet is that significant utilization rates that keep margins at a high enough level, you could see yourself having shut down facilities. And you are adding the three new surface centers in West. And you are adding capacity as opposed to shutting down. Would you anticipate that there might be a need to shut down capacity given volumes might decline and a more recessionary environment for the consumer overall?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We constantly review the capacities and they are different in all parts of the business and each of the segment have difference thesis. For the most part, the only capacity that we are adding is in the laminate business, which we put in place a year and half ago or so. It's coming on stream. The other items we are spending money are all cost based, quality based, innovation based and so we are not adding capacity. Over the past year or so, we have taken out high cost equipment in different places. We have closed some ceramic plants. We have closed some yarn plants. We have taken out some high cost extrusion capacity. We have reduced the distribution assets in the marketplace. The other assets we have cut back on shifts and running them less. We constantly review whether we should take them out permanently or mark fall them [ph]. If you look at the carpet side, I would guess that it's probably running in the 65% to 70% of capacity with the decreases. The ceramic side is running higher because the decrease in volume has not been as much. And at the same time, we have been able to bring in outside volume that was sourced from other people. So, I think that we are doing the right things for the business whether we shut down assets, probably, constantly assess that. And we determine it's the right thing to do. We take those actions.
Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates: Great.Well thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Good morning. Two questions for you. First of all, Dal-Tile, how do you think about with slowing commercial, how the margins behave from here is the 2Q margin level or the 2Q margin degradation. What we should expect going forward? Or how should we be thinking about how the margins are going to line up in that segment as we move forward?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As I said in the overview, now the biggest things affecting them are, the rise in gas prices and the transportation costs are impacting the cost side of the business. The natural gas prices, I am not going to give exactly right, the first of the year they were probably around $7 a unit, and they are almost double, I think about $13 of the most recent prices. The transportation costs with gasoline and oil continue to go up. We continue to look for ways to reduce both of those pieces. We are considering a price increase, if the market will sustain it. We are looking at that at this point. It hasn't been determined whether to do it or not. What... we are doing things to try to increase our volume with different channels of business. We are still running at fairly high capacity levels in the ceramic business. So it's more of cost driven piece than a absorption driven piece at this point. And we continue to try to manage the costs. We have reduced the SG&A costs in the business and marketing costs and we continue to do those. But the rise in the other two, are offsetting the achievements we are making in the other.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Does... the top line sounds like it's expected to ease from the first half levels as the commercial demand slows. Does this back present some rest to the utilization rates in the business?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That is, which is one of the reasons, we have reduced the margins of the whole business that we... the anticipation of the piece. It's been there also.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Can you just remind us how the influence of FIFO accounting is having on margins in this type of an environment?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Under FIFO when you get your cost in, they will amortize into the P&L over a period of time depending on inventory turns in the various divisions. And those are price increases and the time that it takes to fully implement them always lag the cost increases. So there is always going to be a lag there.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: With the FIFO influence in this type of environment means that the cost pressure in 3Q would exceed what you in saw 2Q based on sort of how that works, is that the right way to think about that?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Nowthat's all built into our estimate right now. I mean we are going to have timing issues with getting past increases in ahead of cost increases, just like we had in past quarters.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: And then lastly in the carpet business where the material cost seems most severe. Can you just talk about what you're seeing in terms of trading down, in terms of mix from consumer? And is that happening to accelerate no different and what influence does that have on the recoverability of the input cost pressure?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As you would suspect, the middle part of the market is most affected, the higher end affected less than that. The lower end does not replace the trade down too, you have the middle parts as most affected as you're going through. The customers are trading down in quality with it. And with that, we're trying to make sure that we have the right products in the right places at the right prices to satisfy the market as it goes.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Does it offset, I mean is that an offset to price or is that able to be managed around somehow?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: It's impacting margins.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's impacting margins.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Okay.Very good, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh with Stifel Nicolaus.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning. Several things, I guess it's irrelevant, but I assumed there would be a huge LIFO reserve if we are still on LIFO, I was curious by... do you have any feel for that number would be, number one? Number two. Do you have any sense of where you would hope inventories would be by the say at the end of the year either on inventory turn basis or a dollar amount? And then lastly on CapEx. I guess your guidance implies you're going to spend more in CapEx in the second half than the first half. And yet, clearly business has deteriorated. And I am curious as to whether you really intend to do that or that's a fairly conservative budget. Thank you.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Lot of questions there John, on LIFO, the answer is no. I don't know what the answer would be, what the reserve would be, if we were on LIFO now. But we do not follow that LIFO. And then your second of question was where inventories are going to be at the end of the year. We're still working to keep turns in line with where they are right now. But as you can imagine in a declining environment, like we're in right now it's very difficult to keep our production and inventories in line with where the declines are. And in addition to that we are going to be faced with, as Jeff had mentioned, continuing raw material inflation, and we will probably be looking at opportunities to buy ahead of cost increases to take advantage of that. So all those will impact our inventories in the second half.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Capitalexpenditures what you see is some of the things we've already committed to aren't fully paid for, which is why the second half looks like it will be more than the other, as they're still coming through. And the commitment some of them were made last year and... all the way through or even more than that and those things are coming through as we got through. Most of the capital expenditures are really focused on reducing costs, and in some cases, there are some innovative products in various areas that we're investing in that we think will help us a year or two out, as we go through. There's also investments going on reducing energy usage. There are investments going on to cut costs across the various pieces. In some cases, we had postponed some of them from prior years, as we were focused on reducing leverage in the past couple of years. We postponed some things that we had wanted to do, to position us well on our cost side and as the leverages come down, those things are being spent and they are the right thing to do for the cost of the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg with UBS.
David Goldberg - UBS: I was... Jeff, I wondered if you give us some idea how you think about cash usage moving forward and maybe walk us through the decision to retire debt this quarter and how you think about share repurchases in that as you move forward?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Just at the point the debt, is that we have x amount of short-term debt that we can raise and lower, so it's not a permanent. It didn't change anything permanently. So basically it was paying off short-term debt. As always we have the three pieces which is the internal investment, which this year we are investing anything that is going to cut our costs. The major focus on investments internally are cutting costs and long-term things that are going to help us improve our product innovation. And so those were most of the investments and they're going. On the other two is acquisitions and stock buyback. We continue to look at acquisitions as well as stock buyback. The question at this moment is that given the credit environment that we are all in, is the availability of credit to cost of credit, and how it impacts our flexibility. And so we are probably more conservative than normal. We still have two things. We still have acquisitions that we are looking at as well as we are considering stock buybacks, and release those things open to... to move different ways. At the same time, again, you have to keep into consideration the credit environment that we are all in.
David Goldberg - UBS: Thanks, great answer. And then I guess the second thing I want to talk about was, Jeff, you mentioned, one of the previous callers asked about thinking about raw material costs and how you kind of project them forward and talk about your thoughts that energy and oil prices would continue to rise. My question is... if oil prices, energy prices went other direction, and then started to decline, how long would it take you guys to realize that benefit and how much of the price increases that you put through so far, also higher raw material costs, do you think you'd have to get back?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I mean... some of it would be felt immediately on... a lot of our raw materials and energy change with the rising costs. They are formula based, based on different pieces. So as those things changed they would almost immediately be impacted, depending upon which ones, gas and energy, you feel those as they change. The oil prices do our materials, there is a lag in those of different amounts and as they show up but they are getting closer and closer together as our suppliers figure out how to pass them through faster. But I mean the impact would be significant and would be happened in a reasonably short period of time. The industry use of those would... how much of it we could hold on to, would depend on the industry's reaction to those, and whether they try to hold on to them or try to use them to increase share, our hope would be that given the pressure on the industry's volume that we would hold on to some portion of those. Historically as prices have fallen, the industry had given them back over time, and the highest margins the industry typically has is in falling material environments. The last one I think would have been around 2001, would be typical.
David Goldberg - UBS: Great. And then if I could maybe just sneak one more. And I know you mentioned before the margins on the higher end products in carpet and tiles versus lower end, there was... there were lower margin in the lower end. Can you help us quantify what that spread might be, since there is more demand seemingly trading down now?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There are different products and different ones, and the different product categories are different. In ceramic, there tends to be more margin increases, the prices... as the price points go up. Carpet tends to have more raw material increases as the prices go up. So as you look up and down and expect from those two aren't the same. And then even within the different price points, it depends on, whether you trade from stylized or differentiated products to more commodity products and how well that mix works through gives you different answers. Well there are products... from one extreme to the other it could be 20% - 25% difference in the margins, depending upon a differentiated high end product and a commodity low end would, everywhere and between. And at the same time the volumes are different to go along with them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust Bank.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. Most of my questions have been answered. But Frank, sometime ago you transferred some revenues of reporting from the Mohawk segment, I believe, to the Dal-Tile segment. Have we now anniversaried that?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: I believe we are still being slightly impacted by that Keith. Let me check on that, if you want me call me back.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: I may call you back gentlemen. That's all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Mitchell with Scopus Asset Management.
Alexander Mitchell - Scopus Asset Management: Hi good morning. I wanted just to follow up on the comments about Unilin. You talked about the sales decline in Europe, and I don't remember you citing that before, I imagine [ph] pricings... actually pricings going down but I mean is that... I guess I mean the units are going down. Can you just talk about that and when that occurred, when that started to occur?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The European market, I believe we started talking about it slowing down end of the last year. I believe it was in the fourth quarter. Is it? And you have to separate out the different market... the different geographic markets as well as different product categories within the market. Now if you look last year, the last few years, again, Unilin has had extraordinary results. And last year was an all-time high in what was going on. What I said was that these really high results are really not sustainable over the long term unless everything keep... unless everything continues hitting perfectly which is unusual. If you look at the segment this year.... this past quarter with what's going on, if you extract the Columbia losses, the margins in the Unilin segment were about 17.5% and the difference this year is both the U.S. and the European markets are both slowing. And some products are moving towards cyclical low points. And we have inflation based on the oil based materials and energy we use. I'm trying to give you a little more color, if you look at what we call the laminate product grouping, it's made of a European flooring business. And the European flooring piece is doing better we think... it's doing better than the marketplace because of our premium product positioning. And it's not impacted as much as the commodity areas. I mean, in addition, in Europe, we have an external MDF core sales which we sell into the marketplaces and those products have been falling both in sales and pricing, and we believe, those will continue to be compressed for a while. In the U.S. market, we continue to see slowing as the entire industry does. It's been impacted by the same increasing cost and then in the quarter, we've also has startup costs relating to the new equipment that's coming on. We have announced a 5% to 6% price increase in the flooring piece. And then the other part of the business, the IP revenue, which tends to trend with the industry volume, which is going down both in Europe as well as the U.S. The other products in Europe are made up of roofing and other pieces. The roofing is basically maintaining its performance level and while the other products, which we sell into the construction cabinet furniture markets, they are all down. And again in this piece the pricings is declining as well from the cyclical highs last year. So all those things are impacting the margins. [Technical Difficulty]
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Hello.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Are we still on?
Alexander Mitchell - Scopus Asset Management: Hello, hello.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Even with that, I think that we've had good results with 70.5% margins I think in this environment are excellent. And again as you look forward to the next period, remember that Europe has vacations schedules and reduced business in margins. If you look back over the last two years we've owned the business somewhere between 2% and 3% margin decline between the second and third quarters we have. And this year, we are expecting with the lower volumes to have more production reduction on our production schedules. So, I think that sort of gives you a broad overview of the whole business and where the pieces are. And we think that we're outperforming the marketplace and we are well positioned, it's a tough environment.
Alexander Mitchell - Scopus Asset Management: That was a great summary. Just so are units negative in Western Europe and then I guess you suggested that they were positive in Eastern Europe, is that...
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Well you got a lot of different products in a lot...
Alexander Mitchell - Scopus Asset Management: In laminate.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Laminate, the Western Europe, like UK and Spain are down. I don't know if you keep up with the building in Spain is a disaster. U.K has slowed down significantly. So you got go country by country, but on average the Western Europe has slowed and the volume has declined. And then you have the pressure on these other sales products within the market and then Eastern Europe and Russia are still growing.
Alexander Mitchell - Scopus Asset Management: Okay. One more question just on the IP. Is the IP kind of fairly distributed between Western and Eastern I mean --
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Most of it... I mean it relates to where the production is, and the biggest production is in Europe, in Western Europe and U.S. would be where the majority of it is. And then there is licenses all over the world from China to everywhere else you can name.
Alexander Mitchell - Scopus Asset Management: All right. Thank you very much.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the conference back over to Mr. Lorberbaum for closing comments.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Theenvironment continues to be very difficult. We are making the adjustments to our strategy based on what it is. We continue to focus on costs, in the environment we are and putting ourselves in a good position as we come out of the cycle. These things always look disastrous in the middle of the down part of the cycle which is where we believe we are. And we think we are positioning the business for the long term. We appreciate your interest in Mohawk and have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Frank H. Boykin - CFO Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James and Associates David MacGregor - Longbow Research David Goldberg - UBS Laura Champine - Morgan Keegan and Company Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus Carl Reichardt - Wachovia Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates Keith Hughes - SunTrust Meryl Witmer - Eagle Capital Arnold Brief - Goldsmith & Harris
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephanie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remark, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today Friday, April 18, 2008. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and CEO of Mohawk Industries. Mr. Lorberbaum, you may begin your conference.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning and thank you for joining us for the Mohawk first quarter conference call. With me, I have Frank Boykin, our CFO. We appreciate your interest in Mohawk and will review the current business environment, the company's performance, and our strategic direction. Before we proceed, Frank will review the Safe Harbor statement.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those set forward in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securitas and Exchange Commission. Jeff
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Our performance for the first quarter, exceeded our guidance for the period in a very difficult environment. First quarter net income was $65 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.95. Last year in the period, a $9 million pre-tax custom refund was included in other income and did not reoccur this year. We are still anticipating additional refunds to be received in the future. Net sales for the quarter were $1.7 billion, reflecting a decrease from the prior of 7%. Our balance sheet remained strong with debt-to-capitalization at 32% and debt-to-EBITDA ratio at 2.3%. The US economy continues to slow and many believe we've already entered a recession that has not yet been recognized. The economy is being impacted by tightening credit, contracting residential home sales, declining consumer confidence and increasing cost. The flooring industry is in a cyclical downturn with residential at a significant decline. Spending in the commercial channel has remained positive though it's expected to slow in the future. The US flooring industry is entering its third year of decline. In Europe, we began seeing slowing trends in the fourth quarter last year, as US credit problems affected Europe. Growth is different country by country, and the UK and Spain are slowing more than the balance of Western Europe. Most economist predict flat to modest growth in Europe overall, with Eastern Europe and Russia still maturing with higher economic expansion. All of our business segments have managed through cyclical downturns in the past. We are presently anticipating weakness in the flooring industry, with a future rebound beginning in the remodeling channel when the economy improves. All segments are focused on improving productivity and quality, reducing infrastructure, passing along increased cost, controlling working capital, and investing in products and assets which will enhance our future.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. If we first look at the income statement, Net sales came in at $1.738 billion or 6.7% down from last year. We experienced a decrease in our US residential business, which was partially offset by our US commercial business, our acquisition of Columbia Wood Products, and favorable foreign exchange. The gross profit for the quarter came in at $460 million or 26.5% of net sales comparing to 28.1% last year. The decline in gross profit was primarily related to lower volumes and increasing raw material and energy cost. SG&A was $336 million or 19.3% of sales, which compares to 18.9% last year. SG&A dollars are down $17 million from last year or 5%, but we have less leverage and lower sales this year. Operating income and margin at 7.2%, compares to 9.2% last year. Interest at $34 million was favorable to last year, down primarily because of lower levels of debt. And as Jeff had mentioned in the prior year 2007, in other income we had a $9 million favorable pretax benefit from the US customs refund. Our income tax rate for the quarter was 25.5%. That compares to 32.5% last year, lower this year because of the European tax planning that we put in place in the fourth quarter of last year. We continue to expect that our future tax rate for this year will be in the 26% range. Earnings per share coming in at $0.95 a share down from last year, but better than the results that we had initially anticipated. If we move to the segment information looking at the Mohawk segment sales came in at $905 million, down 13.6% from last year. This segment was more impacted by the residential decline than our other business, with both soft and hard surface products down, but hard surface products in this segment impacted more. Our operating income was 2.5% of net sales, compared to 4.6% last year. Margin is down here in this segment due to declining volumes and increasing raw material and energy cost. In the Dal-Tile segment, sales came in at $449 million, down 3.8% from last year. However, they were still able to outperform the industry with emphasis on commercial and high end residential. Operating income came in at $57 million, or 12.7% of sales, comparing to 13.8% of sales last year. Much of the margin impact was related to higher freight cost this year. And then the Unilin sales came in at $404 million, up 14.7% from last year. Sales actually declined 6% year-over-year if you exclude the Columbia acquisition and look at sales on a constant exchange rate basis. Operating income came in at $50 million or 12.4% for the quarter for Columbia For Unilin compared to 17.2% last year, our operating margin would have been 14.9% without Columbia. We were favorably impacted by foreign exchange by $5 million in operating margin. Operating income for the corporate and eliminations segment was a loss of $5 million, compared to last year's loss of $3 million. We were impacted this year by higher inter-company sales in eliminations related to products sold between segments. We expect the year-to-date loss through the end of the year to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million. If we move to the balance sheet, our receivables ended up at $955 million, with our DSOs at 45 days, up slightly from 44.5 days last year. Our ageing Our accounts receivable ageing is still in very good shape. Remind everybody that we have a very diverse group of customers with over 30,000 customers and not one customer that exceeds more than 5% of our total receivables or sales. Inventories came in at a $1.296 billion. This year, the inventories included $50 million related to Columbia wood products that we did not have last year. Our inventory turns were 4.0 times compared to 4.1 times last year. And in fixed assets, which ended up at about $2 billion, we had capital expenditures of $56 million, with depreciation and amortization of $73 million. Our total long term debt was $2.370 billion, and if you look at our debt, we did maintain a strong balance sheet this year with a debt-to-cap ratio of 32%. Our debt increased from the fourth quarter about $77 million, excluding the impact of currency. The increase was driven primarily by timing issues and receivables and payables. Receivables were impacted by a calendar shift between Q4 and Q1, along with changes in the timing of dealer shows and related product rollouts. Payables were impacted as we internalized previously sourced products such as ceramic, wood and laminate flooring. We expect cash flow for the year to be positive, excluding any new strategic initiatives. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Jeff.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Frank. The first quarter was challenging for all our segments, with all showing a decline on a local basis. All of our segments have strategies to react to slowing demand and rising costs. Our Mohawk segment has continued to slow due to weak industry conditions, resulting in sales declining about 13.5% in the quarter. New residential construction is running about half of peak levels. Remodeling sales continue to slow, due to lower existing home sales and postponed customer purchases. Mohawk hard surface products and cushion sales have fallen more than carpet in this segment. We've exceeded the sales of our flat woven products. Our price increases in carpet are being implemented and should be completed by the end of the second quarter. Additional reductions in infrastructure cost and production levels were made during the period to better align with present volumes. Productivity improvements were made throughout the operations. Some high cost production lines were idled and production consolidated into other more efficient lines. New residential introductions are been shipped earlier than prior years and are concentrated on fashion and valued engineered products. Many Mohawk branded wood products are now being manufactured by Columbia, rather than sourced. A new Mohawk consumer campaign is being launched that coordinate TV, print and digital marketing, appealing to the design enthusiast with fashionable styling and superior selection. Commercial product sales are stronger than residential. We consolidated our commercial products and the four distinct brands, each with its own sales and distribution channels. Regional strategic Account Managers are in place to coordinate our products and brands across channels. Carpet tiles continue to grow and we're increasing our offerings in all our brands, including a new Wall Star [ph] value collection under our Bigelow brand. Our new Encycle tile has leading-edge technology with significant benefits that make it more durable, contains recycled contents, use less petroleum resources and has advantages economically. In addition, we're introducing a computer technology to accurately reproduce Mohawk floors in our designers' rendering to allow property owners to easily envision their projects. Raw materials and energy costs are rising and may require future pricing actions in this segment. Many initiatives to reduce energy and water consumption are being implemented in our operations. Our nylon staple sales continue to soften as products have become less competitive. In the second quarter, we're closing another staple manufacturing facility. This year, we're investing in additional film and extrusion capacity that can produce any fiber type. The first machine is beginning production and will replace older, higher cost assets. Our distribution costs have been reduced to correspond with the business levels, though some of the infrastructure will require some time to exit. Customer service levels are being maintained as we balance capacity with demand. A new supply chain system is being installed with more sophisticated methods of maximizing customer service and use of working capital. Our Dal-Tile sales in the quarter declined 4%, which we believe outperform the industry again. Strong growth in the commercial segment is offsetting some weakness in the residential market, some of the weakness in the residential market. Our sales in Mexico and Canada have continued to expand as we increase our penetration of those markets. Our distribution system is being expanded with the opening of a new service center in Michigan, and we have three to four more plans for this year. Our sales force and new introductions are focusing on the better performing commercial, multifamily and premium residential market. In the home center channel, new product placements are rolling out in the second quarter, which will increase our position. Our ceramic price increases initiated in the fourth quarter are substantially implemented. In April, we're executing selective price increases and raising energy surcharges to pass along increased cost for natural gas, fuel and currency. Cost reduction initiatives remain a priority concentrated on SG&A, freight, raw material, manufacturing efficiencies and inventory management. We're utilizing raw material sources closer to our facilities to reduce costs and have recently started a mining operation in Mexico to provide some of out materials there. To minimize distribution expenses, we're utilizing lower cost transportation modes and increasing the shipping weight per load. We've enhanced our forecasting, increased plant utilization and reduced purchases of sourced products to improve our inventory management. New manufacturing equipments are being installed, which will add new color body styling and precision sizing capabilities to our product offering. A trim line was closed in Dallas and the production was moved to Monterrey, which is more efficient. Dal-Tile's new glazed porcelain tile called Metro Leather won a Dealer's Choice Award at the national show for the best ceramic tile introduced. The Unilin segment sales were up 15% as reported in the first quarter and up 5% on a constant exchange rate. Unilin sales were down 6%, excluding our wood acquisition, on a local basis. Both the US and the European markets slowed, with growth continuing in Eastern Europe and Russia. Sales grew in our US laminate and European roofing systems, with the other products slowing compared to the prior year. Our new laminate product introductions, including a water-resistant technology in a random length, easy installation product, are beginning to reach the market. New consumer campaigns have started in Europe, and we're expanding our distribution in Eastern European and Russian markets. Our costs have increased in this segment due to plant start-up expenses, rising energy and materials, higher cost for US imports and lower overhead absorptions. Price increases are being executed in some markets to offset rising costs and currency changes. Reductions in staffing and production levels are being made to follow the industry trends. Several cost reduction programs and logistics and raw materials have already been executed. Our US flooring expansion should begin production by the end of the second quarter and were just imports of higher cost products from Europe. The wood manufacturing team continues to improve operational cost and quality as planned. Our wood production is operating at a loss, as anticipated, and experiencing lower volumes with the industry. Additional investments are being made to increase automation and enhance our capability. We're launching new distressed and antique look as well as a new patented installation system to enhance our position. During the quarter, Training Magazine recognized Mohawk as one of the nation's top 20 US companies for its internal training programs in 2007. Although seasonal improvements will benefit the second quarter, we expect to have many of the same challenges we faced during the first quarter. Weak demand and higher cost in the US and Europe will pressure our future results. We will adjust our business as changes in customer demand and costs require. Lower debt levels, reduced tax rates and beneficial exchange rates will positively affect our future result. Based on these factors, our guidance for the second quarter of 2008 is $1.36 to $1.45. In spite of a difficult flooring market, Mohawk continues to modernize manufacturing facilities, create innovative products, and launch exciting advertising and promotional campaign. We're positioned with a more dynamic and cost effective enterprise for the turnaround that always occurs. With that, we'll be glad to take questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James and Associates: Thanks Frank. How are you?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Well, good morning, Sam. How're you doing?
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James and Associates: A couple of quick questions. First off, commercial has been really hanging in there and it's been helping out with the offsetting, at least a part of the residential downturn. Are you seeing any recent signs of a slowdown in commercial or are there specific parts of the commercial end markets that are a bit troubling, or is it still pretty much the same sort of demand trends as we have had been seeing for sometime now.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I mean the demand is still hanging in, but it appears that the future projects that are being worked on by the designers could be slowing down a little bit and we won't see that for a while. Our best guess is that for most of the year we'll have we should have reasonable business throughout this year as far as we can see, but we'll have to see what happens. But we believe it's going to slowdown as we go forward.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: The only other thing to add to that Sam is that the flooring goes in at the very end of the construction cycle, so there is some lag there for our benefit.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James and Associates: Got you. Second question, you're using your free cash flow to pay down debt at this point as oppose to, are they making acquisitions or buying stock back. Could you talk about that going forward with your debt, and seemingly in a pretty good shape here at this point, what your preferences is to use for free cash and what your appetite might be for acquisitions at this point?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We really like the position we are in. We like that as the business goes through the cycle, we believe there'll be opportunities come available. We'll continue evaluating those as they come, those will be mostly likely offset. Again, at what point do we decided to have found the right acquisitions to do. And at some point if we don't find the ones, we'll probably go back and buy stock back at that point. And if we can't do any of those in between - I mean in between we'll be paying down debt as we continue, if one of those don't happen.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James and Associates: Last question and I will defer to others. Unilin margins always seem to be troublesome at least for us. Outside of the company they're trying to model and they have declined for three quarters in a row now. How should we look at Unilin margins over the course of 2008 based on input inflation, based on Europe slowing a little bit? How should we look at that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: First, you have to do is separate out the Columbia piece with it. We think that we'll probably lose in the quarter about another $4 million to $5 million.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: On Columbia?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: On Columbia and we expect that. You know we hope by the end of the year to have that positive, but that's going to be impacted by what happens with the whole economy and sales in that category. When you separate from there, we expect to have we expect the effects to continue positive with the business. We do see - we really don't anticipate a significant change in the environment, that's going on in total. On the other hand, we see some positive things going on such as, as the industry weakens in Europe historically, the cost of the product and the raw material we buy tend to weaken too, and they tend to go down with it. We see some, we are working on the controllable cost pieces and keeping them in line with the business as we go through. So as you look at the whole thing, we think that we're going to have a good year, but the margins will be down from this year.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James and Associates: Thank you so much.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Hello David
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: I guess I'm hoping to get from you some sense of the run rate of cost savings, and if you think about the plant closing and the ideal lines, and the headcount reductions. Where are we right now in terms of run rates on cost savings?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: We don't have the number to give you. There are a tremendous amount of cost savings going on and in every part of the business. We have, I mean, since the slowdown has started we have closed over 10 facilities, we have shut down numerous number of lines. We have moved productions between different ones. We have continued to invest in improving our productivity and costs as we go through. What?
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Could you hazard a guess in terms of orders of magnitude?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The problem is, I don't have the number in front of me, and each division has their own piece, and they are going through it. And offsetting the positives you have negative variances that are going out in the different places, as well as the costs associated with moving the product and pieces around.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Right.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So, I can't give you a number at this point.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Okay. Maybe I can follow up with you afterwards. Just as a follow-up, there is a lot of talk about pricing and I am just wondering where within your mix of products do you feel you have the greatest pricing power today and where do you feel you may have the greatest challenge in terms of getting any relief on the pass through?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As with anything, the more differentiated and unique, and the stronger the brand, the more power you have of controlling the prices. And at the other extreme the more you commoditize it and less value the brands have, the less you have because the customers is going to move from one to the other and it is typical across all the businesses. If you look at the segments, what you have is the strategies are different. The Unilin strategic has been to participate in the flooring business, in the premium parts of the marketplace with differentiation and they have a very minimal amount of commodity business in floorings. On the other hand at the other extreme you have the Mohawk segment, which participates heavily in commodity category, as well as the premium one. And then you have Dal-Tile that falls somewhere between the two.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Goldberg with UBS.
David Goldberg - UBS: Thanks, good afternoon. I was wondering if you guys could give us an idea, in terms of the price increases that you've done so far, and what do you expect through second quarter, what's the differential, kind of year-to-date on how much your raw material input costs are up versus what you've been able to put through on prices, I guess kind of specifically for the Mohawk segment?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In the Mohawk segment, we think we are going to probably realize about a 4% price increase from the last one, when it gets fully implemented in it. Maybe, it will take through the second quarter. The cost increases, I can't give you, we thought it was going to cover it. The question is, given oil prices and chemical prices, we are evaluating daily what's going to happen to them. Our future estimates are really poor if you want to know the truth. I didn't think oil would be $100 and where it is today, its $115 a barrel and we are reevaluating what we have to do with pricing and how long or how sustainable these levels are. So, we haven't decided what to do next at this minute.
David Goldberg - UBS: I guess the follow-up to that would be, how long the lag between changes in the spot price for oil, let's say, does it take to hit your to flip through to you guys in terms of higher raw material costs, I mean, is there a lag there at all?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There is and we've gone back and looked at it and if you look at our history where it is, there is not a model that matches it because you have between us and the oil well, you have various pieces in between and the prices don't come through exactly the same. Each one of the raw materials that we buy has a different supply and demand structured, any moment in time. And for period of time they can run opposite directions and for other ones they can Ours can actually lead them at points in time. It all depends on how the channel, the whole thing is flowing through there, so there is no exact answer to it.
David Goldberg - UBS: And then if I could just get a follow-up, actually a follow-up to an earlier question that was asked about some of the changes you guys have been making to make some inroads in the commercial segments. If commercial starts to slow more quickly, kind of moving forward, how difficult is it going to be for you to change some of the costs that you've moved over to concentrate more on the commercial end user, are you to factor residential to eliminate those costs altogether?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We will have to go through the same process we're going in residential. But you have to evaluate all your SG&A costs, where you're putting them. You have to decide do you want to maintain them for some period of time or do you want to get rid of them as quickly. You have to look at the manufacturing assets and decide how to align the production capacities with the demands at that moment in time. And you have to start reducing them and you know, there's a large portion of them that go up and down and proportionate to the place that you can cut in proportion to the business. On the other hand, you have to make sure and keep the strength of the business, which is the people that make the whole thing work. And then you have all the overhead pieces, that's the investments are here they don't change if the volume goes down. So I think that we can react to it reasonably, but it will have an effect.
David Goldberg - UBS: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Laura Champine with Morgan Keegan.
Laura Champine - Morgan Keegan and Company: Good morning.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Laura Champine - Morgan Keegan and Company: Could you talk a little bit about what drove the inventories up? I think we were looking for a reduction there, and we'd just be interested to hear what the breakout is there, that drove that increase?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: First thing to remember is you have to pullout if you're comparing it year-over-year, through first quarter to first quarter, you have to pullout the $50 million that we have in there from Columbia this year, that we didn't have last year. And then, secondly, there is always a seasonal increase in inventory from the end of the fourth quarter to the end of the first quarter. As the raw material prices went up and impacted if you look at the turns, the turns went from 4.1 to 4.0, so it changed a little bit, but not significantly. And part of that was the raw material changes and the other part was the business was really slow than what we had anticipated.
Laura Champine - Morgan Keegan and Company: Okay. And then, just a housekeeping, do you still think CapEx will be basically in line with G&A at around $325 million for the year?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: We have, in this environment, I think that was the number we started with, but in this environment we're looking at something more along the lines of 2.25.
Laura Champine - Morgan Keegan and Company: And then, what projects are getting cut to save you $100 million or so in CapEx?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Getting cut or not, the question is well, there are strategic project that we have, that we can potentially do, such as putting in a new ceramic plant, putting in additional capacity in laminate to support our business in different places. So there is a major capital project that haven't been turn loose at this point that we're watching. It could even be acquisitions that we're going to do, and none of those are included in the $225 million. The $225 million is basically to support the maintenance pieces, money spent on cost and productivity improvements. The two major projects that are moving forward at the moment is there is a US laminate expansion that we've talked about. The money is spent in going in as we speak, and there is a new extrusion capacity being put in that in the shorter time will replace older capacity that we have. That higher cost and longer term will give us more flexibility and better position in the marketplace.
Laura Champine - Morgan Keegan and Company: Got it. Thank you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JP Morgan.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan: Hi thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan: First question, I was hoping to get a little bit more of a breakdown on the Unilin segment, you had mentioned that sales were up in US laminate and the Europe roofing, but down in other parts. And I was wondering if you could just give us sort of a rough idea with the US laminate sales up low single digits, mid single digit also, kind of put some framework around European roofing and maybe Europe flooring.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I mean we have hundreds of product in each of the different pieces, and there are a lot of different categories and we don't break them out. The US business share has got limited and the roofing business is more stable as a business in total, because when people need the roofs the structure deteriorates, they have to replace the roofs. So it's been more stable, and the rest of them, there's pressure on all of them. So, yes. And the US business was going to continue to be pressure on.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan: Right. So you're thinking more just like that growth is relatively modest in the US laminate, more flattish in European roofing, and maybe that would imply it may be down double-digit in European flooring if the total sales were down to 6%?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's a lot of assumption you've made. I mean you're welcome to make them.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan: I was just working off of what you said.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: We don't give up individual product volume.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan: Okay. Also just there's been a couple of question about margin, and I was just trying to get a sense for, you're finally starting to see there was an upside to the Unilin margins last year, excluding Columbia, I guess, your margins are down about 300 bps, and maybe some of that is due to the core sales being down on an organic ex-currency basis. But I was wondering if you could give us a sense for if there were some, either plan start-up costs or if there is a product mix shift that you had been assuming would occur and be a negative impact on margins or what are the primary drivers there?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: As we said before, I mean there are some costs related to the start-up of the new plant in the US. There is pressure on the some of the building products business in Europe, the building products business is under significant pressure. There has been pricing pressure on it this year, where last year it was that the market was doing really well and you were able to push the price increases and maximize margins. We're on the other side of that at this moment, which is typical of what goes on. So this year, I mean, the margin we expect them to be better than the first quarter as we go through it, but they will not be up to the level of last year as we go through.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The only thing I would add to that, Mike, I mean we've calculated the margins without Columbia maybe being down a little bit over 200 basis points, 210, 220 somewhere around there.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan: Okay, great. One last question, if I may. Just thinking again about pricing, but now I'm thinking from the carpet Mohawk segment. I think the question have been asked before about ability to pass through price in a softer environment, and your response was more just, you know, it's product by product, it's the ability leverage or pass through on unique products or products that you have a good position in. But on a more macro-conceptual basis, I mean do you, as you model things over the next year or two, do you expect the same ability to pass through higher raw material prices as the demand continues to be in a very challenged and potentially promotional activity and such might increase?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In the general market place as the raw materials go up, we increase the prices to reflect those material cost as an industry. Now offsetting those in the downtime you have more promotion, you have people taking business and categories at a lower margins which is why the margins are down, at lower margins than we would have under normal circumstances. And so those two things, there is a balancing act that the industry keeps going through. Given the margins where they are, I wish we all had made discipline than we actually have at this second, but all things considered, it's not bad. This year, we believe it's going to continuing being a difficult environment as we've said, and so far every time anyone in the industry has lead a price increase the entire industry has followed.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan: Okay. One last question if I could, I'm sorry to throw this one in. Do you have a sense for the negative impact on margins from running your plants at a lower rate this quarter due to, as you'd said going from the fourth quarter, the lower inventory build by retailers?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our financial group has it, but I don't have it hear. And basically, I'm not sure I'm prepared to give it to you if I had it.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Morning.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning Eric.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: First of all, can you Frank you commented on cash flow in the year, and I guess I wanted to understand, you've historically generated $50 million or $100 million of cash from operations in the first quarter, and I think you used that amount this quarter. Can you explain why the business consumed cash rather than generated cash in the first quarter?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Eric like I said before, you know, it was primarily timing related to receivables and payables, with receivables being affected by a shift in the calendar, between Q4 and Q1, and then also some timing issues related to dealer shows and related product rollouts. And then, in the payables area, as we moved to internalize more of our sourced products, that had an impact on our DPOs, and those were the few things that primarily impacted cash flow.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: So for the year, are you you said that cash flow should be positive for the year. Does that mean that--?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: And I guess I just want to make sure I understand what that means. That means the cash from operations for the full year will be up from what was generated a year ago?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. I understand.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: No, no. What I mean is positive for the year, free cash flow would be positive for the year.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, well, right. That's always really positive for the year.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: And yeah that's from the beginning of the year to the end of year.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Right. But I guess, just to get a little more perspective, the cash from operations is going to be bend down from where it was a year ago by a meaningful amount and you've always generated
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: What we're addressing right now is just free cash flow Eric.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: And you think it's going to be positive for the year?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I mean we anticipate the earnings being down, that's going to pull the cash flow down.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Yeah. I guess I mean, you've generated hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars of free cash flow in prior years, so I mean, can you give us any range other than saying that it will be positive?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You know it kind of gets back to our inability to go out and give you guidance beyond the quarter out, because we have limited visibility beyond the quarter and so it's a little bit of the same issue.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And I guess, last point on this, the timing does not reverse itself in 2Q, it sort of showed up in 4Q instead, is that correct?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: No, the real issue there was the we looked at the last day of December '07, ending on Monday of this past year. So what happen was the cash from that weekend preceding that Monday and the Monday cash ended up in Q4 instead of Q1.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. So we're not going to see - 2Q we'll not have a big benefit in cash from operations from this change?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: No, it's a shift between Q4 and Q1.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, great. And then my second question, whoever is the perfect person to answer it. When you think about the Unilin revenue momentum and the Dal-Tile segment revenue momentum in light of your comments about Europe and commercial trends, is it safe to say that the revenue performance and you've given the earnings performance. But the revenue performance trend that we saw on 1Q relative to 4Q, that that's kind of where thing goes, we work our way through the year with those two kind on ongoing headwinds. We should not expect a revenue reversal and if anything perhaps, I guess it makes logical sense that the revenues remain under pressure if not incremental pressure. How do you think about those things?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have a limited forward review of our orders, because we ship them relatively quickly from the customer. So basically, we look at the high level economic pieces and make our internal estimates of what's going to happen over the next quarter or too. And with those we don't see anything that's going to change the present economic direction we see, and so we're still wary of what's going on, and we're projecting forward more of the same from a revenue standpoint.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. Very good, thank you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Baugh with Stifel Nicolaus.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Good Morning, Jeff and Frank.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey John, how're you?
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Good. You announced agreements with four Chinese laminate players and settling some litigation with another, any color on how meaningful that is?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Those are part of what goes on with the IT process and licenses, and within that, as you see, we go through a lot of things which includes legal pieces, as well in order to get people not to utilize our licenses without paying for them. And in that case, what we had is, we're able to stop all inputs coming in that weren't licensed profitably. They were caught in that and anyone who chose to participate in the marketplace had to sign a license agreement with us, and those were some that came to an agreement and agreed to pay us on the sales they have in the US.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Have they seized shipments for the last three, four or five months, while you have been working this out or they've been shipping throughout this period? Is there any kind of change coming from the decision or this agreement?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'm not close enough to tell you exactly what happened to this specific shipment.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. I assume you're not going to tell me, what you're going to offer for full year, so we'll skip that question. Back on this working capital issue, Frank, you know if your revenues are down, I don't know, but let's say $400 million for the year, your working capital is usually bit of a 20% of dollars revenue, increase or decrease, and that would imply source of $40 million. I guess the question is how much of this inventory that is coming in house, if you will, it sounds like a permanent change, going to influence that number if you made that revenue assumption, because assuming the receivables, it was just timing, it will reverse a little bit, but maybe not this calendar year, but beyond?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: I think the working capital thing like we said was either timing or one time related and once we get it behind us we got it behind us.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: So, the expectation, nothing has really changed, we had a $400 million reduction in revenues, we should see roughly $40 million of our source from working capital.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: I think the only caveat is that, like we said about first quarter inventories, business declines, and you are running to keep your To catch up with you inventories, right? To keep your inventories in line, so that is the only caveat.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The raw material inflation and how it impacts us.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And I calculated a loss for Columbia of about $10 million, if the numbers are right for the quarter, so you are running bigger losses than you thought is that simply due to volumes?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Stop. You calculated the loss wrong.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: I calculated 2.5% margin differential within the Unilin segment, 14.9% was that you gave out versus 12.4%?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: More like $5 million.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The loss is $4 million to $5 million.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. In the current quarter? Okay.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And we are expecting it to be $3 million to $4 million in the next quarter and can continuing to decline.
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, super. Sorry for the error. Thank you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carl Reichardt with Wachovia.
Carl Reichardt - Wachovia: Good morning, guys.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Carl Reichardt - Wachovia: On that line of Columbia, I'm sorry this may be a prosaic question, but what specifically do you need to do to return it to profitability? Is it a filling capacity issue, a cost issue, what specifically do you need to do?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we think we are doing those things as we are starting. First is that, we are improving the productivity and quality of the plants and quality coming out of these plant. We've dramatically improved the productivity of the plant. We have streamlined operations, we are taking out redundant overheads. We are taking out SG&A costs on one side. On the other side, we are introducing new products into the market place, which will start going in, in the second and the third quarter, of higher quality, more design oriented pieces, which will give us the higher average unit price. We are continuing to try to move imported products into the plant that we were purchasing outside. And then, we are continuing to increase the automation of the plant to reduce the cost even further, as we go through. And we've approved certain investments over the next few months to do that. In addition, the combination of all these things, we expect by the end of the year to be a low cost producer, high quality provider, of a broad, total line of wood and then what we need is the industry to pickup and we think that it can be a good money making proposition for us.
Carl Reichardt - Wachovia: Okay. Thanks for the color Jeff. And then looking at your experience through other cycles historically, when you've seen a turn, let's go to the early 90s in business, especially residential remodel, the driver as you said earlier; is there a difference in performance between premium products versus more commoditized products? Do you expect the premium side to show a significant pickup in order activity before commodity products; is that your sign of improvement?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: When you look at residential, what typically happens is that the remodeling business tends to use a higher quality product than the new construction business, on average. So, that is the portion that seems to pick up first, and a consumer who is picking it after their existing home therein tends to put better quality products than the builder would put it. And so, with that you tend to get a better mix as you come out of it.
Carl Reichardt - Wachovia: Okay, great. And then, last question, I just want to make sure I understand your response to Eric. You expect to be cash flow from operations and free cash flow positive in Q2?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: The only thing we were addressing was free cash flow for the year, from January 1 to December 31.
Carl Reichardt - Wachovia: Okay. So you're not commenting on Q2?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Carl Reichardt - Wachovia: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Good morning. I was hoping you guys could just elaborate a little bit on the absolute growth rate you're seeing in the major end channels, whether it's new residential, home improvement spending, and then the commercial side?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: The new construction business, we are looking at the same numbers of the new houses going up being about half of where they were at the peak. So we believe that that's going to represent what goes on in that channel.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: The remodeling part of the business is the one that's difficult to anticipate at the moment, given the squeeze in discretionary income of the average person, we believe that the increased spending on food, on transportation, on healthcare that's squeezing the income, and that's creating a significant reduction in discretionary expenditures, which is why the remodeling business is doing so poorly. In addition, there is a portion of the remodeling business that is related to the existing home sale. So as existing home sales go up and people starts buying more homes that will create more remodeling pieces. And again, the reason we don't give long-term numbers is because our ability to guess those things is not much greater than yours.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: I was more concerned with what you're seeing right now, backwards looking?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Well, the industry numbers, I believe showed a--
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The carpet.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: The carpet industry showed about a 10% decrease in units in the first quarter. The ceramic numbers, I believe, were off 15% to 20%, but I don't know which numbers I'm remembering from which point if it's--
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Maybe I could clarify. So, I'm not sure how you guys look at it internally, but I'm just trying to understand within your end channel, looking at your customer base, if there is essentially I'd like to get at the home improvement spending and the repair model spending, both the residential and the commercial side, as far as what you're seeing right now for those growth rates of that contraction.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: The commercial rates were up and we believe that continue to be for a period of time.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: And that's a low single digit increase?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We really did not disclose that information separately in the past.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: The two pieces in between the new constructions are off a cliff and then the remodeling somewhere between the two.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Anymore specific magnitude on the remodeling?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have it to give you in front of me. And each of the divisions are different too. It's different between divisions, different pieces, we don't collect them altogether in that piece. So we look at it by segment
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay. And just to make sure I got the comment you made earlier, at what point do you expect the Columbia assets to return to breakeven?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our goal is to have them breakeven in the last quarter and the big question is what's going to happen to the volume? It's the only unpredictable piece. We are headed quickly from furthering the cost per unit and the quality and the broadening of the product line. The only question we can't answer is what's going to happen to the industry volume.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay, very good. And then just my last question, on your builder customers, are your days outstanding similar to what you reported at the corporate level staying in a fairly tight range?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, first, we don't sell directly to the builders. We sell to the contractors, and then the builder.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Right.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: They are able to break out our receivables because we sell to customers that fell under both the remodel and our new construction channels. So we can't break that out separately. But overall, I'll just repeat again that our accounts receivable aging is in good shape.
Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates: Okay. All right. Well, thank you, guys.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: My questions have been answered. Thank you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Keith.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meryl Witmer with Eagle Capital.
Meryl Witmer - Eagle Capital: Quick questions on Unilin, you talked about the Columbia operating loss and enumerated that. In the press release, you also mentioned the plant start-up expenses and imports costing more. And I guess, I was wondering if you could give us sort of a range on the plant start-up, and then, also, I guess you said you're going to start producing some stuff here in the US, so maybe if there are any changes, what sort of delta we might see?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hold on. We're looking to see if we have the mirrors.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: The start-up cost in the quarter was about $1 million to $2 million, and I don't have it what is going to be in the second quarter, but it's probably going to be of that magnitude or greater.
Meryl Witmer - Eagle Capital: Okay. And is that from starting up something with Columbia?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: No. That's the starting up of the new laminate flooring plant in the United States.
Meryl Witmer - Eagle Capital: Okay. And then you also on the you mentioned imports, higher costs US imports, is that something that will change when the plant is up and running?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. What's happening is we have we import material made in our European plant to our Unilin US operation, and those shipments are all impacted by the euro. And then the US manufacturing plant will be able to produce those on a lend-it basis cheaper than we can import them from Europe. And that will also have a positive effect on the working capital because you have the time it takes to move it from one to the other. In addition to that as you put more capacity in the US facility, the facility was built to house this capacity from day one. So as you increase the unit throughput through the plant all the cost of the plant will be positively affected.
Meryl Witmer - Eagle Capital: And then, I guess do you have I don't know if you even can get a sense of how much that will save at this sort of current unit volumes, but if you could take a stab at it, is it in that $1 million to $2 million a quarter range like the plant start-up expense or is it with the savings be dramatically more?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: I don't have that to give you. It's a moving target too. Lot of it depends on what the volume is at a given moment in time.
Meryl Witmer - Eagle Capital: Okay. And then, I'm just wondering if, I don't know if you have data there, but in the Mohawk division, is there a way to look at sort of unit volume that was sold in say the year 2003?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Could you repeat the question?
Meryl Witmer - Eagle Capital: I'm looking at Mohawk, and back in 2003, which was not a real robust year relative to I'm sorry, it might be '04 you made $364 million in operating income in the Mohawk division. And I'm just wondering how that unit volume compares to the unit volume now, '04 versus '07 and/or any.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: I'm trying just recall. I think that the industry in units from the peak which would have been 2005 is running about 20% off in units, and that there is as an expectation that this year it will be off another 5 to 10. As that fell from the peak period, it could be off 25% to 30% this year versus two years ago. And each of the different divisions have different numbers. We believe that the wood industry is off more than carpet in units because it has a higher proportion going into new home construction. We believe ceramic is left, and we believe that the laminate business is all that's left because it had almost none in new construction at all and it's probably still gaining on each year. But each one of the categories it's different.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arnold Brief with Goldsmith & Harris.
Arnold Brief - Goldsmith & Harris: You've talked about around it a little bit. I'm just wondering whether you could sort of sum up and give us a little better feel for what you feel your market share trends have been by the three major operations in the last couple of years and currently? And maybe some perspective on whether it becomes easier for you to increase market share in periods of industry decline versus industry growth? And then, the second question is, I would imagine, in this period of time, a number of your competitors, particularly some niche competitors may have become more financially challenged. I'm not asking if you, are negotiating with anybody, I'm just wondering, as the opportunity seems to be increasing for acquisition or exploration?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, that's a lot of questions. The market share pieces, we believe that we've been gaining share in our Unilin segment and our Dal-Tile segment. We believe that in our Mohawk segment, we were a little too aggressive in cost reductions last year and the timing of some of the pieces, and in some instances we lost some alternate [ph] opportunities and we're taking actions to collect those. What was the second part of the question?
Arnold Brief - Goldsmith & Harris: Acquisition opportunities in light of the And whether or not you see here in general to increase share during periods of downturns versus upturns and acquisition opportunities?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. On the acquisition side, typically in downturn, the only people who try to sell their businesses are the ones who don't have any choice. So and the worst part of it, companies tend to not want to sell because the values are the least. And the only ones that sell are ones who have cash flow problem, who don't too many options. s you come out of the site, where there tends to be more cash to support the growth coming out and their future visibility looks more positive, you tend to see more deals we've done as you come out of the structure then we doing more work, with that we continuously talked to a number of different candidates all points in time and in many cases it doesn't happen overnight and we look for various options. And in some cases it comes through in some we want, we believe there will be opportunity to buy businesses over the next period of time. And I don't know whether it will be at what moment, but we think there are some very good companies that will come for sale and we would like to purchase them if it make sense, and if they have the right values, and that we can add value to them. Did I miss any other pieces?
Arnold Brief - Goldsmith & Harris: Yes, you covered it all.
Operator: At this time there does reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Lorberbaum, do you have any closing remarks.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'd like to thank everyone for joining us. I believe our team is performing well and managing through this downturn. Our Management group has been through this before and they're making significant improvements in all areas. But I believe, we'll produce numerous benefits to our business, as we go forward. Thank you very much and have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-14 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and CEO Frank H. Boykin - CFO
Analysts: John D. Kernan - Morgan Keegan & Company Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates Stephen East - Pali Capital
Operator: Good morning. My name is Heather, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Fourth Quarter and Year End 2007 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers, remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded today, Thursday, February 14, 2008. Thank you, I would now like to introduce Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and CEO of Mohawk Industries. Mr. Lorberbaum, you may begin your conference.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome to the Mohawk fourth quarter and year-end 2007 conference call. With me, I have Frank Boykin, our CFO. Would you please read the Safe Harbor statement?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: I would be glad to. I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties including, but not limited to those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Mohawk Industries fourth quarter earnings were $379 million and earnings per share was $5.53 including a one-time tax benefit. Excluding the one-time tax benefit, net earnings were $108 million and earnings per share was $1.57. Net sales for the quarter were $1.8 billion, a decrease of 5% from the prior year. The one-time tax benefit was required by U.S. GAAP and a result of international restructuring, which will reduce our taxes long-term. Frank, will give more details in his review. Sales were impacted favorably by Columbia wood flooring acquisition, exchange rate gains, and growth in the Dal-Tile segment, which partially offset other sales decline. Cash flow from operations continued strong at $273 million, an additional $189 million of debt was paid down during the quarter. During 2007, we entered a difficult U.S. housing market and rising costs in the United States. For the year, our earnings were $707 million, and earnings per share was $10.32 including the one-time tax benefit of $272 million, a pre tax benefit from customs refund of $9 million, and a one time pre tax closing cost of $14 million. Net sales for the year were about $7.6 billion, a decrease of 4% from 2006. Sales were favorably impacted by the growth in Unilin segment, exchange rate gains and the acquisition of Columbia wood flooring, which partially offset other sales decline. We closed several plants in all divisions to position us for the future. We implemented an international tax restructuring during the year, which has reduced our tax rates on an annual basis from 32.6% in 2006 to 28% in 2007. Based on the international earnings, our tax rate should fall to about 26% in 2008. We are managing our working capital investment through this cycle and for the year had cash flows from operations of $875 million. We also reduced our debt by $534 million. Our debt-to-capital ratio has continued to improve the 33% providing us significant flexibility for future opportunity. Our management team handled in the U.S. many challenges as a flooring market continued its decline. The industry softened with falling consumer confidence, employment deteriorating, credit availability tightening and home sales decline. The European economy was good, but has begun to slow. Energy and raw materials have continued to increase and pricing actions have been executed across our businesses. We made adjustments in our business strategy during the year and continued to adapt to the changing environment. Frank, would you please give our financial report?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Net sales for the quarter were $1.8 billion down 5% from the prior year. Our commercial business and our European laminate businesses both grew while the U.S. residential market impacted sales decline and then also our other boards and roofing business showed a decline in Europe. Gross profit for the year... for the quarter was down 190 basis points at 27.3% impacted primarily by lower volume and residential products and higher cost across most of our businesses. SG&A came in at $309 million or 17.4% of sales. SG&A dollars were actually down about $16 million from last year due to initiatives that we put in place, and also impacted by lower marketing costs. Operating income, $181 million at 10% of net sales; interest expense and other expense came in at $36 million for the quarter. Our interest expense was down due to lower levels of debt during the quarter, and then other expense was down during the quarter due to gains in foreign exchange in 2007. Our income taxes, before the tax benefit were about $37 million. This represented a tax rate of about 25.5% compared to 31.5% last year impacted by a lower tax rate due to the European tax planning structure that we put in place last quarter. As Jeff had mentioned, we expect a 26% tax rate going forward. Our earnings per share before the tax benefit were $1.57, down 17% from last year. Our earnings per share after the tax benefit of 5.53 were benefited by the tax restructuring, that benefit was about $3.96 a share during the quarter. During the fourth quarter we implemented a change and restructured our organization in Unilin. Our tax records did not originally reflect the market value of our assets when we purchased Unilin. We made certain structural changes in the Unilin legal structure that allowed us to step up the tax basis of these assets and will benefit from that over the future. If we look at the segments, the Mohawk segment sales at $968 million were down 13% due to a slower residential market. Operating income came in for the Mohawk segment at $70 million or a 7.2% of sales, due to lower volumes and higher costs. The Dal-Tile sales were actually up 2% at $468 million with their commercial and high-end residential businesses performing well. Operating income for Dal-Tile is $62 million represented about 13.2% of net sales. The Unilin sales came in at $394 million, up about 21% over last year. If we exclude the Columbia acquisition, sales were up 7% with FX, foreign exchange impacting us favorably by about 10%. On a constant exchange rate basis, sales actually declined about 3%. Operating income for the Unilin segment came in at $59 million or 15% of net sales. If we exclude the Unilin operations, which unfavorably impact... or the Columbia operations, which unfavorably impacted Unilin, the operating margin came in at about 18.3%. Within the corporate and elimination segment, our operating loss was about $10 million and the difference between this year and last year was primarily timing with the year-to-date amount of $35 million being in line with the prior year. If we look at the balance sheet receivables at $821 million our days sales outstanding of about 43 days slightly up from last year. The days are up because of the Columbia acquisition and also because of a change in our business mix with a higher mix towards Unilin that has higher days. In addition, our inventory days were at about 90 days compared to 88 days last year, and if we look at inventories without Columbia, they would have been down about $61 million from the stated amount. Fixed assets were about $1.9 billion; capital expenditures for the quarter were about $65 million with depreciation and amortization coming in at $82 million for the quarter. We are estimating that capital expenditures for next year or for 2008 will come in at about $300 million. That's our original budget; however with the current environment, we are expecting it could be less then that. Our depreciation and amortization for the year for 2008 is estimated to be $300 million. Our debt to capitalization was improved at 33% over last year. And then if we look at our debt reduction, it was down $190 million for the quarter. Going into 2008 I would like to point out several things that will favorably impact us during the year. As we've talked about in the past, our tax rate will be improved at 26% compared to a 28% rate in 2007. We are also expecting a favorable foreign exchange impact. Last year the average exchange rate was about $1.38. And we expect interest to be lower as we continue to pay down debt and then our intellectual property amortization should also be lower by about $20 million during the year. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Frank. The U.S. economy is slowing with the housing and flooring industries being among those most affected. Credit market lending standards and declining housing prices have all contributed to the present cyclical downturn in the flooring industry. The concern about the overall economy caused the Federal Reserve to cut rate significantly and increased liquidity, which has reduced mortgage rights. Congress has a stimulus package, which should increase consumer and business spending and could help the housing market in the future. We can not predict the cycle bottom, but pent up demand from consumers postponing purchases will cause a rebound in the residential and remodeling market when the economy improves. The European economy has been running at above average growth rates. Currently Europe is being impacted by tightening credit, a stronger euro and higher energy, which is causing the construction and remodeling industry to slow. Eastern European and Russian economies are expected to grow at above of average rate this year. Our three segments are managing this environment with many initiatives for reducing costs and improving revenues and margins. The Mohawk segment has been impacted to the greatest than the other segments with sales down 13% and operating margins of 7.2%. Sales declined as industry conditions have weakened. The commercial channel outperformed the residential channel, and the trend is expected to continue for the foreseeable future. We aggressively drop more products than normal last year as industry volume sell. In commercial, we have a higher share of broadloom carpet, which is being impacted by the growth in the carpet tiles. To improve our sales, we introduced more high volume products in the fourth quarter and are delivering our 2008 introductions earlier than normal. We have introduced the new WundaWeve collection, which is being accepted and will improve our high end carpet sales. We put more emphasis on the multi family channel with specialist across the country and are introducing more carpet tile products in our commercial brand. Increased sales focus is being put on the commercial multi family and high end residential channels, which are expected to perform better in the current environment. We are rightsizing the business in all areas. There are many initiatives to improve productivity, yield, and working capital. We are in the process of adding extrusion capacity to replace higher cost assets and give us additional flexibility. Raw materials have escalated and we announced a carpet price increase in December and have made further adjustments to it in January based on a changing environment. We announced an increase of 6% to 8% in carpet, which will take four to six months to implement. We have discontinued production in our flat woven plant as well as the yarn plant. The exit of the woven business will reduce sales by about $40 million this year. In the Mohawk segment, the hard surface products had greater penetration in the new housing channel, and have been more affected than other hard soft surface products. In addition, some of our ceramic sales have been transferred to our Dal-Tile division to give our customers broader choices, and improve our inventory turns. We have also announced increases on many of our hard surface offerings to offer... to cover the rising costs of the product and logistics. Our 2008, Mohawk regional product shows have been well attended. Our customers who inventory products are being more conservative in their purchases this year. Even under the current environment, our accounts receivable quality remains good with our exposures spread over thousands of account. In the Dal-Tile segment, our sales in the fourth quarter were up 2% over the prior year, substantially exceeding the industry's performance. Dal-Tile is focusing on the commercial and higher end residential, which should do better in this cycle. We have implemented a price increase to pass through energy logistics and other costs. Earlier investments in SG&A are enabling us to outperform the market, but they are impacting our margins. In 2007, we opened six new service centers and galleries. The Mexican market continues to expand, and Dal-Tile is growing by focusing on the premium ceramic category. We have closed the high cost ceramics facility in the U.S. in the quarter and reduced outside purchases ceramic resulting in better utilization of our plants and control of our inventory levels. New systems have been purchased to improve the operations of our local service centers in the inventory management. Main initiatives are being implemented to reduce costs, improved productivity, and manage SG&A expense. Last year, we received our custom refund of $9 million in the first quarter, and we don't anticipate the same occurring this year. We've completed the introduction of a new exterior collection of porcelain and stone tiles. These extend the interior living areas, the outdoors and we believe it will offer a nice new niche. Unilin have excellent results for the full year with operating earnings increasing by 27% over last year. Excluding Columbia, the sales were up 15% or 7% with a constant change rate, and have operating margin of 19.7%, 240 basis point above last year. Unilin sales in the quarter were 20% above of the prior year with operating margin of 15%. Without Columbia, Unilin sales were set... growth was 7% and the operating margin was 18.3. In a local currency, Unilin had a sales decline of 3% excluding Columbia sales. This comparison is extremely difficult due to the 34% sales gain in the prior 2006 period. Our European laminate business grew with U.S. laminate and other European board businesses declining based on a local currency. We are being impacted by the contracting U.S. residential industry along with the slowing European building and remodeling sector. Volume and margins have weakened in some of our European roofing and other board channels. Lower laminate industry volumes are also reducing patent revenues. We are adding infrastructure to expand our penetration into Eastern Europe and Russian markets, which are growing faster. We have completed the transition from the outside laminate suppliers to Unilin manufactured products for the Mohawk brand. Unilin is also experiencing raw material increases and have implemented price increases in many product categories. We continue our innovation with a new laminate in Europe, that's water resistant; and another, which is easier to install with random link and improved sound absorption. The new U.S. laminate flooring capacity should start production late in the second quarter. The equipment will produce higher value products in the U.S., which will improve our production cost, and enhance our service and inventory levels. The Columbia integration is progressing, but anticipated volumes are being impacted by the slowing industry. The wood plants are improving productivity, quality and costs. New process as an equipment changes continue to be implemented in the facility. New products are being introduced to replace outside purchase product to fill in product voids, and offer higher style options. The Unilin systems will be implemented in the wood business in the first half of the year to give us greater controls and flexibility. Our U.S. wood management team is in place to execute our strategy, and we are finalizing our European wood team to drive our Malaysian sales. The Malaysian plant manufactures long strip engineered wood, which is popular in Europe, where a significant portion of the sales occur. Under our Mohawk Greenworks umbrella, we continue to enhance our sustainability efforts in all divisions. Greenworks entailed such wide ranging initiatives as reclamation of post consumer carpet, the development of recycle material into our flooring products, programs to lower greenhouse gas emissions, as well as reductions in energy and water usage, and designing product that can be reused for another life. In the first quarter, the company is expecting the U.S. flooring industry to continue its decline and the European building and remodeling sector to soften. Material costs are rising even though the industry volumes are falling. We have reduced production in the plant in the first quarter due to a lower customer demand and both our customers and Mohawk are not building inventory as we have in prior years. With the current conditions, we are reducing our infrastructure cross further and increasing prices, which will lag the rising costs. Based on these factors, earnings guidance for the first quarter of 2008 is from $0.81 to $0.90 earnings per share. The second quarter earnings are expected to improve and be more inline with last year. We anticipate sales and earnings will benefit from higher seasonal sales rates, increases in selling prices, reduced infrastructure costs, and favorable foreign exchange. Postponed flooring purchases by our customers during the past cycles have resulted in an industry rebound when the economy improves. 2008 will also benefit from lower intangible asset amortization, lower interest expense and lower tax rate. We continue to focus on managing our business through the cycle. With that we'll be glad to take questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim with Banc of America Securities.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually Mike Vaughn for Dan. I was just wondering could you provide a little more color on the order trends you've seen since you announced the price increases just given last summer we saw a pull forward and demand pulled forward only to see it drop off afterwards.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think, we are projecting any industry... we are still anticipating the industry to decline. We are in a moment in time, where it's very difficult to read the order entry rates, because January sales levels are always all significantly and with markets and timing of markets as well as the price increase, it's difficult to interpret those today. So I mean we don't have a clear indication at the moment.
Unidentified Analyst: And I guess it seems that, the comment about fully implemented in four to six months. That seems a little more drawn out than we've seen previously; is that an attempt to kind of just ease into the price increase and minimize that effect?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, it's the same thing we have been saying since I have been here. So it's typical of what we have always done.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And just one quick follow-up, could you quantify the reductions in SG&A that you are targeting there and what we did expect for modeling purposes?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are still in the process of putting together all of those right now, and we don't really have a good number that we can share with you at this point, I will talk you about this point. It's an ongoing process.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Hughes with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello?
Operator: Mr. Hughes, your line is open.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: He must have changed his mind.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
Unidentified Analyst: Hello, this is actually Shawn Ross for David MacGregor. How are you guys doing?
Unidentified Company Representative: Excellent, good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. I had a quick question; could you walk us through on your assumptions for second quarter and how you plan to get back to in line with 2Q 07. I mean going from first quarter guidance of $0.81 and $0.90 and going back up about $1.60 to $1.70?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I mean to start out with the... our assumptions are that the industry is still declining that we have lower production rate in the first quarter as both Mohawk and the consumers are being more conservative than they are. There is the lag in the pricing of our products, which the costs are being affected much more in the first quarter, but the pricings not. As we look for the rest of the year, we see that Unilin improvement is not going to be quite as much as historical, but we think someone help as quite as much is in prior years. The actions that we are taking are... we are cutting the infrastructure costs, we are improving productivity, the price increases we have already mention, they have accelerated product introduction and then the normal things that happen as we have a higher seasonal sales as we move through the year. What we said was that we expect the second quarter to improve from the first quarter, but we still expected it be below last year. We said we expect it to be more in line, we didn't say we expected it to be the same.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Can you give anymore insight into their number by business segment unit? Can you break it down by Unilin versus Mohawk versus Dal-Tile?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think I am prepared to do that at this point.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I mean, we just give one quarter worth of direction and we just give the operating margin for the business, the earnings per share.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then final quick question is can you talk about the revenues, profitabilities of products that you manufacture versus product that you are just distributing?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'm hesitating, because I mean we have a lot of different products and categories and they are all different from each other. I don't really know how to answer that question. I mean we have a lot of products in each of the divisions that we purchased and that we sell and they are all over the place.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. How about consolidated, the trending upward down in percentages of distribution in the past quarters?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We don't have that information in front of us.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, this is Jeffrey calling in for Sam. Good morning guys.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Would you speak a little louder, please?
Unidentified Analyst: Is this better, Frank?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And my first question related to collectibility and if you have seen any change there versus what you are describing in Q3 and Q4, both from the builder channel and then from some of the smaller independent retailers and stores and that kind of thing?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: We had not seen any change in terms of the quality of our receivables. As Jeff had mentioned, remember, we've got thousands of customers and as you know, one customer that comprises more than 5% of our sales. And we don't actually sell directly to the builders. We sell to contractors and dealers that doing itself and even stall to the builder. So I think overall our account receivable agent is still in pretty good shape right now.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Next question you mentioned that you expect favorable foreign exchange in Q2, what did you mean by that?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Well, if you look at the exchange rate now, I mean it's moving around, but it's 146, 147 today between euro and the dollar. A year ago, which is what we would be comparing to in Q2 is in the mid 130s. And so, when we take our European operations and we translate those into dollars, year-over-year we should have the benefits.
Unidentified Analyst: But on a year-over-year basis, you should have benefiting for the last...
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Exactly, but we expect to continue to have a benefit into the second quarter we had in the past.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, understood. My final question relates back to the tax benefits. Can you help me understand what you are talking about there? It sounds like you are basically just taking your cost basis up on some of the Unilin assets, so if you... is it... if you decided to sell those assets, you would pay lower taxes on them, is that what you are saying?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, that's what we are saying. We increased the tax basis of our assets and that increased basis is going to allow us to take a larger or tax purposes amortization deduction.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But it will affect it on an ongoing basis, not as we sell it.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood, relates to the amortization. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Morgan Keegan.
John D. Kernan - Morgan Keegan & Company: Hi, guys. This is actually John Kernan calling in for Laura. Can you hear me?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We can.
John D. Kernan - Morgan Keegan & Company: Okay. Can you comment on your inventory build in Q4 that came on sales decline and then maybe comment about some of the progress you see with inventory in Q1 given that you are probably looking at some year-over-year sales declines also in that quarter?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Let me address the first part of the question, and then maybe Jeff will address the second part. On the first part, if you look at inventories at the end of Q4, and as I mentioned, it's about $60 million of reported for Columbia.
John D. Kernan - Morgan Keegan & Company: For Columbia.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: We have got to back that out, and we do that our turns are pretty much flat year-over-year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So, we don't... if you extract the wood business, the inventories didn't increase.
John D. Kernan - Morgan Keegan & Company: Okay. And you expect what's your outlook for Q1 would be...
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are trying to not let them increase as much as they have in the past.
John D. Kernan - Morgan Keegan & Company: Okay.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are trying to maintain control of the inventory.
John D. Kernan - Morgan Keegan & Company: Can you also comment on the commercial side? I mean we get monthly data on the residential housing market, but are you seeing any weakness in commercial construction markets, because it seems like recently there has been some concern over that market?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The commercial markets appeared to still be doing reasonably well. They tend to track differently, because the large projects are done well in advance and once you start them they continue through completion. And so if you look in cycle, the commercial business when the economy goes down, it won't trail off for at least six to nine months and sometimes longer after it. So at this point, it's continuing reasonable, and most people believe it will do okay this year, so we tend to soften as we move through the year.
John D. Kernan - Morgan Keegan & Company: Okay. Thanks guys.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ivy Zelman with Zelman & Associates.
Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates: A 2Q and think about the expectations you are forecasting for new residential, do you see sequential improvement and kind of quantify what your expectations are for repair and remodel for the industry that assuming we could be at a better framework if you are looking for things to get better or you're thinking that housing activity is still going to be down year-over-year 20% as most are expecting for housing starts to kind of quantify some of the expectations in the end markets?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me just make sure we are starting from the same point; we don't expect the business to be much better. What we said was we expected the seasonality, which normally occurs from first quarter to second quarter, they still occur. So, the improvement we refer to is not in the industry versus the historical, it's improvement in sequential that first quarter is always low. And second quarter is always better. So...
Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates: Okay. So year-over-year, you are still assuming new construction will be down, and I guess quantify... can you quantify that what you think it would be and what repairing model might be for your year-over-year declines?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We don't have any better information then the marketplaces. I mean the marketplace is assuming that new houses will be down to 900 to 1 billion units. And I mean we don't have any other reference points than you have in the general markets. We are using the same ones.
Ivy Zelman - Zelman & Associates: Okay. The second question relates to CapEx; did we hear you say that you spent 160 in 07 and you think you will spend 300 in 08? And if so, can you give us an explanation of what the increase would come from as is the new plant for wood products in the U.S.?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: We start out every year with a plan that we put in the budget. And the budget anticipates what's going to happen on a certain set of circumstances. As we go through the year, we keep adapting it as it changes. In our plans is when we made the plan at this point is it takes a long period of time to put a new capacity in many of our pieces. And in the plan was investments and new capacities in ceramic, as well as new capacities in laminate, replacing extrusion... higher cost extrusion capacity, and investing in other cost improvements within the business. Now because of the length of time it takes to put these in, which in many cases is two years or greater, you have to anticipate what's going on. So in the plan are those investments we haven't turned any of the large ones through, which is the something that happened this year. This year we started out with about $300 million plan, and what we did is we didn't try and loose these large new plants for future, because we've read the economy and said that we thought it would be longer before we would need them. So we are starting the year with the same expectations, but we are not going to turn those new capital investments those if we don't see us needing them. But you have to put them in place before you need them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JP Morgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, this is actually Ray [ph] calling in for Mike.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. I want to talk about your uses of cash; it looks like you guys have pretty good flexibility right now. We think historically when your net debt to cap cut down to about 25%, you guys did a Dal-Tile and Unilin acquisition. You've got 32% right now or so, what kind of your multiples or opportunities are you guys seeing out in the marketplace right now. And when do you think it would make more sense to just to repurchase your own shares that's your EBITDA is only about seven times right now versus about eight times historically?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We think we are in excellent place given the environment, we think that having cash available is a right thing to be at today, and it gives us a lot of flexibility. It's just got through the capital expenditures. It gives us the availability to invest heavily in capital expenditures in futures. If we determine as the right time, and you are right the two big pieces are with the capital either to look at acquisitions or to buyback stock. And we like having the flexibility that whichever one of them appears to have the most value to the business. We have the cash that enables us to do that. We don't have a specific acquisition or a specific price point that we will invest in, we take the opportunities as they arise and all the basic information we have at that point and determine, which one makes the most sense and if the continuing changing analysis, the acquisitions, I think some of the multiples, we perceive are coming down as the costs of high risks debt has gone up, some of the valuations are coming down, and so we believe there will be quickly some opportunities over the near term that we might want to take advantage of. So we are leaving -- so we believe we are in an excellent position to go whichever route makes the most sense.
Unidentified Analyst: Are there any opportunities like Eastern Europe or Russia that you are seeing right now or would that just be kind of organically groomed for you guys?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have looked at some. If you get in those marketplaces, the businesses that are there are smaller, so they are not going to be large ones. And some of the cases there is other risks associated with them. So if we do anything on those markets, there will be more limited and not have a dramatic impact on our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning this is Mark stepping in for Eric. First question; can you guys give a little bit more color on your organic growth within Unilin in both the U.S. and Europe. You mentioned Europe contract or Europe grew and the U.S. contracted; can you kind of compare the numbers this quarter to what we saw in previous quarters?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I am not prepared to break down product-by-product for you in the market. You have to understand first again that the year ago fourth quarter, we had a 34% gain in the quarter, which is highly unusual and unsustainable is that. So when you compare the fourth quarter this year to that, I think we had a good quarter, but the last year's was so off the charts and unusual that our results were good for where we are. On a local basis, we said that we had a decline of the volume after you take out everything whether up about 3%. Then within that one, you have the piece that grew with the European laminate business and we said that the other businesses, which is the U.S. laminate business and the other European roofing and board businesses declined slightly verses the comparison of prior year.
Unidentified Analyst: In terms of Europe, does the eliminate business in Europe, can you talk about the slowing sequentially from 3Q to 4Q give us the sense of the magnitude?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I guess a few percent.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. And then secondly, have you seen anything different talk about price increases across the business you've seen anything different from your peers, which suggests you maybe your ability to realize prices less with volumes continuing to contract more than expected?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think that we are attempting to put pricing increases through and all product categories and all marketplaces and everyone of them has its unique set of circumstances. There are different competitors in this various product categories. There is different circumstances by geographic region. We believe that all of the industry is under great pressure to put through price increases in most categories. As you would suspect, the more commoditized and individual product is, the more pressure on it; and the less commoditized, the less pressure it is. The customers don't like it in any market and any place. It's difficult to push them through. I think we have the highest cost rises in the carpet side. The carpet side of the business has all its raw materials or oil base. We use a lot of energy to process it, you have distribution cost to do it. And the carpet industry over the last three or four years has continued to push through prices on the declining marketplace. This year there was a 6% to 8% increase announced in the carpet industry, which was led my competitor in December. The industry has all followed with increases and we are trying to execute those as we speak.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh with Stifel Nicolaus and Company.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, this is Joe Herrick with Gutamer Research. You guys talked a lot about plant production being down, used less demand, inventory build up. Obviously right now this year is going to be very challenging. You are coming along with [ph] others in this economy. What are you guys doing in terms of operational improvement initiative to revolving around lean and Six Sigma to improve throughput throughout your plans, and what benefits do you expect to see?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have a tremendous amount of effort in every facility and every business around improving productivity. Those productivity... lean is a concept of how to get the total business from the floor up through the management all on looking at the total processes and making them more efficient. We have changes in the processes; we have changes in the information that's flowing through them. We have moved equipment between facilities in order to make the cost less. We have taken out and are using the highest cost equipment at least and have more to follow it. We are reducing shifts; we shut down plants. We have gone back on and looked at the infrastructure cost we have in all the SG&A prices and continued SG&A costs, and try to reduce those as we go through. We also have high material usage. So you look at the material usage and try to improve the material yield. You try to find alternative products and substitute lower cost product to give you... to improve your cost structures. All the way down to things such as energy usage, water usage as well. So there are a numerable projects going on under those umbrellas and everyone of the business that we have.
Unidentified Analyst: What metrics are you guys using in your manufacturing process to measure your success obviously right now it's going to be very challenging. How are you going to measure success for 2008 and regarding your plans, which in... what parts of the world are you... do you have more concern with throughput than others or they just overall throughout the all business as a whole?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As the result show, we have a greater decline in our Mohawk segment. So the Mohawk segment is having to adapt to them more aggressively than the others. So within it, it has many more pieces to adjust to not only increasing productivity, but then adapting to the lower volumes that we have. But we have the same thing in the downtown business in the fourth quarter. We closed a ceramic plant; we closed the yarn plant in the Mohawk division. We closed some assets in our European division and those were closure then underneath that a smaller pieces we are taking out the highest cost equipment to do those. So, there is hundreds of these things.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Carl Reichardt with Wachovia Securities. Mr. Reichardt, your line is open. Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Donato with Mirror Global. [ph]
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, how is it going?
Unidentified Company Representative: Great.
Unidentified Analyst: Question is regarded to the Unilin intellectual property income; I mean I heard figures all over the place, I mean which are pretty significant, I was just hoping you could tell us what percentage of Unilin operating income is due to IPO [ph] royalties.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Again, we don't break out individual product categories or pieces of any other pieces to only data we have ever given out is only to purchase the company that those incomes were about 5% of the net income. The revenues made up about 5% of the total at that point. So we haven't broken them out. We can tell you that the thing that we try to get through is that the revenue stream is based on the industries volume; and as the industry volumes come under pressure, it's also affected the revenues in the IP.
Unidentified Analyst: Right, but what's important is that the margin right assuming that it is like a royalty stream. It's pretty much as money in the bank, so...
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not exactly. People don't pay you IP income because you just show up. We have a high overhead structure in enforcing and legal fees. It's not unusual to spend $5 million to $10 million on a single case for IPs invested, and we have them all over the world.
Unidentified Analyst: Back when you first acquired, did you disclose what the actual operating income attributable to the royalties were or just the revenue?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It was just the revenue at that point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen East with Pali Capital.
Stephen East - Pali Capital: Good morning guys.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Steve, how are you?
Stephen East - Pali Capital: Good. Couple of questions on your assumptions, your guidance for first quarter; I realize you don't give a specific detail about how you get to it, but can you talk a little bit about the moving pieces between sort of revenue assumptions versus raw material costs being escalated year-over-year versus I guess the lack of overhead absorption by slowing down your facilities et cetera to control your inventories?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I am trying to figure out how to answer it, given we have multiple segments, multiple products and multiple pieces; I mean it's a very complex business today. The assumption I guess start with the high level are that the U.S. economies continuing in a difficult environment that the difficult environment is going to continue that the U.S. business... the flooring industry is in a cyclical recession and it will continue that the European business is starting to slow and that we think that the laminate business will... in Europe will continue to grow, but at a slower rate that the other businesses in Europe will decline at this point. The ceramic business and the U.S. is affected by the same pieces, I am very happy that we were able to grow the revenues to percent on the fourth quarter, it's going to continue to be difficult to have positive result from the U.S. given the environment line the ceramic business. A lot of the ceramic business goes into the new construction business and we have been able to grow the other categories to offset it. The carpet business is affected by the same recessionary environment and we are assuming that it's going to be in the decline and a continued decline over prior year results. We are finding that the customers that is in the first quarter, the industry has typically does promotions and we are finding that our customers are not being as aggressive in their purchasing of product, because they are also concerned about the future. So with that, they are more order rates in the first quarter. The raw material costs and all the businesses are going up. We are raising, the raw materials are going up before we execute the prices in the marketplace. So there is a lag between the time we receive them and all other businesses. Every one of the businesses is trying to raise prices in its various categories and different amounts depending upon where they are. There are also distribution costs that we are trying to pass through in each of the businesses. We do not know if the raw material costs are going to go up more or down more at this point. What else? The over head absorptions I guess go back to the product... the running of the plants. I think that the business has done well and controlled them the inventories and holding the terms about the same as where they have been given the environment we have been in order to hold the inventory term to same overtime that means you have to produce less than the incoming order rate, because you have to not only produce... you have to reduce the inventory with that and that impacts the overhead absorption. So we have the pressure of both on it as you try to maintain those inventories. And we have assumed that we are going to continue to trying to manage the business as we have had the last 12 months in a very difficult environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Mitchell with Scopus Asset Management.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning guys.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Let's see. So you've sometimes broken out just how much you would have to recapture to get even on cost in the Mohawk segment, are you able to do that?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I am not exactly sure what's you are asking. I remember what it is, but I am not sure what you want.
Unidentified Analyst: On the cost push in Mohawk, how much would you have... how much would price have to go up after to recruit that?
Unidentified Company Representative: That is not I remember we have talked about in the past.
Unidentified Analyst: Rough percentage term, please.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You have two parts; one is the material cost and one is all the overhead pieces. The price increases, we typically try to get the raw material cost in this environment if you can get slightly more than the raw material cost, you have done an excellent job and that's what we are attempting to do and well no one is over. We put our price increases, the market price that backs to them. We have to stay competitive with the changes. It depends on the actions of our competitors in the marketplace. We hope they act in a rational manner and push through the material cost, but we have to stay competitive with the environment and we are attempting to do so.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And can you talk some of this... you spoke about seasons... seasonally the business would be up. First quarter, second quarter, does that also apply in Europe with Unilin, and some of the weakness that you have seen affect that all today... the weakness you have seen today.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Typically second quarter is always better than the first quarter. So, we would assume the same thing over there.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: I think one of the things impacting the second quarter over there favorably is they are trying to gear up before the holiday season here. So they are shipping and making more of the second quarter than what you would normally expect.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Joseph with Rice, Volker.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, just back on the seasonality, you mentioned you expect 2Q to increase sequentially from 1Q 08, just wondering what kind of magnitude we are looking at. I mean in 2Q 07, we saw roughly 30% sequential increase relative to 1Q 07. I am wondering we can expect similar types or more 10% to 15% more reasonable, I mean kind of what's the expectation?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think if you go back and look historically, our expectation is that possibly the second quarter will improve slightly more and our expectation is that the first quarter will be worse because of the lack of inventory investments by the customer and same thing our own volume. So, we are expecting it to have a slightly higher differential than the historical reference for those reasons.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, all right. That's it, thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up from the Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, just a quick follow-up on the 1Q guidance. It looks like I mean you are getting a benefit from the lower tax rate, lower interest expense and lower Unilin amortization. I am just trying to reconcile the $0.81 to $0.90. I am having a pretty hard time actually getting that number unless I am having sales and margins kind of fall off a cliff here. I am just wondering if you could like maybe if the deterioration coming from sales; is it from the margin side?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I mean the sales and volume we are expecting to be lower. We are expecting lower throughputs in the plants of those higher unabsorbed overheads in the plants. There is significant reduction due to the price lag in the pricing within it. Historically... the last couple of years, we are not anticipating the Unilin results improving like they have to offset some of those things form prior years.
Unidentified Analyst: Right. You are also getting the foreign exchange benefit, though out of Unilin still right in the first quarter?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. All right, thanks.
Operator: Your next question is also a follow-up from the line of Stephen East with Pali Capital.
Stephen East - Pali Capital: Just one question on the raw material costs; Frank, if you look at the raw material cost year-over-year, about how much are they up and probably how much of you all already been able to offset in ignoring that 4% to 6% price hike that you have got coming down the road?
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: I don't think we have those numbers in front of us. The one we are talking about now is the increase that we received take it from December through now.
Stephen East - Pali Capital: Right.
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Is that pricing... the compression is based on that piece, and we didn't blame the numbers in the prior years for the divisions.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Really what we try to do with our price increases is offset cost increases. If you go back overtime and look at price increases in the industry, which we track, that's assuming that accurately assuming that export of cost increases there. So we never get the announced amount as we all know. You start out with an announced amount; you get press somewhat as you do it. And you are expecting if you get something, you don't expect the cost increases to develop.
Operator: We have reached the end of the allotted time for questions for today. Mr. Lorberbaum, are there any closing remarks?
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think that we had an excellent 2007, given the environment that we are in. I think that our managers handle the various problems that we have. We are looking forward to 2008, remaining difficult at this point. We think that we are doing the right things in controlling costs; and still investing in our business. We believe we are well positioned with our liquidity to take advantage of any opportunities that we have. We believe that the industry will improve at some point. When it does, the residential remodeling business and replacement businesses are the first ones to come out of it, and they typically jump significantly when it happens. We are working our way through the short-term, and we are still position about the industry and our position in it over the long-term. And we appreciate you joining us; and have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's Mohawk Industries fourth quarter and year-end 2007 conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Lorberbaum - Chairman andCEO Frank Boykin - CFO
Analysts: David MacGregor - LongbowResearch Keith Hughes - SunTrust Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan Dan Oppenheim - Banc of AmericaSecurities Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Arnold Brief - Goldsmith & Harris. Jeff - Raymond James John Baugh - Stifel Bob Thompson - Atlantis Capital Laura Champine - Morgan Keegan Andy Shaffer - Farley Capital Steven East - Pali Capital Chris Benon - Wachovia Jerry Rivera - SAC Capital
Operator: Good morning. My name is Crystal, and I will be yourconference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone tothe Mohawk Industries Third Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placedon mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks therewill be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). As a reminderladies and gentleman, this conference call is being recorded today, October 19,2007. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Mr.Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and CEO. Mr. Lorberbaum, you may begin yourconference.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Welcome to Mohawk's third quarterconference call. With me I have Frank Boykin, our CFO, who is going to give youthe Safe Harbor statement.
Frank Boykin : I would like to remind everyonethat our press release and statements we make on this call may includeforward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities LitigationReform Act of 1995, which is subject to various risks and uncertainties,including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and ourperiodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. Mohawk's third quarterresults were better than we anticipated in a difficult environment. The netearnings for the quarter were $122 million, and the earnings per share were$1.78, both above 5% below last year. Net earnings and earnings per shareincluded charge of $14.2 million before tax by $0.13 per share related to plantclosing cost in both Mohawk and Dal-Tile segments. Excluding these closing coststhis year's earnings exceeded last years third quarter net earnings andearnings per share which were $128 million and $1.88 per share, respectively. Andincluded a $0.08 per share benefit from a U.S. Customs refund. Net sales for the period were$1.9 billion, a decrease of about 4%. The company in the third quartergenerated cash flow from operation of $287 million. In addition, debt of $53million was paid down after the purchase of four wood manufacturing plants.  Mohawk's total results have beenpositively impacted by the broadening of our product portfolio and our expandedgeographic participation which offset the cyclical contraction in the U.S.flooring markets. Our management team remainsflexible and adjusting to the changing market. An environment which isimpacting demand, raw materials, energy and transportation cost. The U.S. flooring industry was negativelyaffected by the slowing economy, tightening credit markets, falling housingprices and low consumer confidence. The combination of these factors furtherreduced the sales of flooring in the residential channel. The U.S. commercial channel isoperating at a higher level and leading indicators point toward continuingbusiness investments. We made changes in our operationslevels, controllable costs and plant capacity to adapt to the slowingenvironment. The European business is performing well overall with fastergrowth in the Eastern European and Russian markets.  Frank, could you give ourfinancial report please.
Frank Boykin: Sure, as Jeff has mentioned oursales for the quarter finished at $1,938 million down about 4% from the quarterlast year. This reflects our continuing growth in our European operations aswell as our growing U.S.commercial business, somewhat offset the declining U.S. residential business. Ourgross profit for the quarter ended up at 28.1% flat with last years grossprofit as a percentage of net sales. SG&A expenses were $345million or 17.8% compared to 17.1% last year. Dollars were flat with theslightly higher percentage of net sales as we were impacted in this ratio bylower sales this year. Operating income as a percent ofnet sales came in at 10.4%, our margin would have actually been higher at 11%which would have been even with last year without the $14 million charge forplant closing as Jeff had mentioned. Interest and other expense was$37 million. Interest was down $7 million for the quarter compared to lastyear. In addition, last years third quarter included a benefit of $9 millionfrom customs refunds. We received no benefits in 2007.Our income tax expense for the quarter was $42 million, this reflects a tax ratefor the quarter of 25.6% compared to last years tax rate of 31.7%. The taxeswere lower this year due to the implementation of a couple of European taxstrategies. We expect that our future tax rate will be around 26% in both thefourth quarter and future periods, however, it will be impacted by the mix ofour business in both Europe and the U.S. Earnings per share came in at$1.78 which was down 5% from last year. Earnings per share were impactednegatively $0.13 a share from the plant closings as Jeff had discussed and thenin addition the customs impact last year benefited earnings by $0.08 a share.As we move into 2008, I would like to remind everyone that we would expectlower intangible asset amortization of approximately $20 million next year. Andalso remember that this amortization is not tax deductible. We expect tocontinue to pay debt down which will continue to reduce our interest expensenext year and then as I just mentioned, we expect our tax rate year-over-yearto be favorable in 2008 compared to 2007 with 2008 probably running around 26%. We look at the Mohawk segment,sales in this segment finished at $1.77 million for the quarter down 13%reflecting the softness in the residential business. Operating income at $77million was 7.2% of the sales down to primarily the volume decline and due tothe plant shutdown. Plant shutdown reduced earnings by $8.4 million before theshutdown the margin would have 7.9%.  Dal-Tile sales finished at $497million down slightly at eight-tenth of a percent from last year. Theresidential decline was offset by gains in commercial. Operating income at Dal-Tilewas $63 million or 12.7%. Margins would have been flat to last year at 13.8% ifwe had excluded the shutdown for the plant operations in the Dal-Tile segment. Shutdowncost was $5.8 million.  Unilin sales were $378 million up29% from last year. If we look at this on a constant exchange rate basis, thegrowth would have been 22%. In addition, I would like to remind everyone thatwe included about six weeks of Columbia'sresults in our operations for the third quarter representing about 7% of thegrowth rate. Operating income for the segment came in at $71 million or 18.8%of net sales. Operating income was impacted favorably by about $4.5 million dueto foreign exchange. The corporate elimination segment included an operatingincome loss of about $10 million and we would expect the total loss for theyear to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million. We look at the balance sheet.Receivables came in at $959 million about slack with last year with our days inreceivables at 42.8 days. Inventories came in at $1.298 billion included inthat numbers about $65 million related to the Columbia inventories. Our inventory returnsfor the quarter were about 4.1 times down slightly from 4.2 times last year.Fixed assets at $1.9 billion included capital expenditures of $37 million anddepreciation and amortization of $75 million. We are estimating total capitalexpenditures for the year to be $200 million with depreciation and amortizationat about $305 million. and then long-term debt was $2.464 million with ourdebt-to-capitalization ratio improving to 36.7% and our debt-to-EBITDA ratiofor the trailing four quarters running at about 2.2 times. Jeff?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. The U.S economy isslowing but most economists do not anticipate a recession. The housing andflooring industries are in a significant downturn and has deteriorated ascredit market tightened with more conservative lending standards and higherinterest rates for greater risk profiles. We believe all major flooringcategories of carpet, ceramic and wood are down in volume 15% to 25% from theirpeaks and we do not see any indication of near-term improvement. The 50 basispoint interest rate cut by the Federal Reserve has historically been a leadingindicator of future improvement in flooring. In past cycles, the remodelingcategory has led the industry out for these downturns.  The Mohawk segment continues toadjust to a challenging environment with industry units running off about 20%from the peak. We are completing the implementation of a carpet increase thatwas indicated initiated in June. There is a higher level of promotions andpressure on commodity products in the industry. Our raw material cost stabilizedin the third quarter and remain difficult to predict. This year we took severalsteps to contain cost in SG&A in manufacturing while aggressively pursuingSKU reductions and pricing discipline. We are rightsizing themanufacturing capacity, permanently closing some facilities. We have managedthe margin side well. We are addressing volume by accelerating introductions inkey categories focusing sales efforts on areas which will better perform in thenear-term, such as multi-family, higher-end replacement and commercial andutilizing promotions to fuel market opportunities. This quarter, we began shippingbio-based carpets made from corn from our SmartStrand products using DuPontSorona polymer. This additional feature will add value to the alreadysuccessful premium collection. We are shutting down assets for the cost of $6.5million before taxes because of shift in demand and cost reductions. Theseshutdowns includes a staple yarn plant and a tufting plant. Weve also exitedthe flat weaving business which was primarily used for manufacturing pillows.These changes improve our results by operating a more efficient asset andclosing facilities that are not providing adequate returns. We will continue to manage ourmargins as we execute our strategy to improve the business. The Dal-Tile salesin the quarter were about flat compared to last year. We believe we are outperforming the industry and have benefited from our significant position in thecommercial channel. We are repositioning some of our sales efforts to focus onthe commercial and multifamily channels from the residential channel. We are introducing higher valueproducts from our new production line, new exterior stone products and newmerchandising and warranties for our ceramic accessories. We are expanding ourposition in both the retail replacement and home center channels. We are managing our SG&A,manufacturing and distribution costs. We are closing our high cost ceramicplant with the charge of $5.7 million before tax in the quarter and moving theproduction to more efficient facilities. A price increase is beingimplemented to replace surcharges that have been used to cover rising energyand transportation costs. Unilin continues its excellent results, with sales growthof 29% and operating income of 43%. Compared to last year, the exchange ratepositively impacted sales in the third quarter by 7% and operating income by$4.5 million. Columbia was included in Unilins thirdquarter results and had negatively affected margins. Unilins historicalbusiness grew revenues in the mid-teens on a constant exchange rate with Altawoodacquisition. All Unilin product categoriesshowed positive sales growth. The European business was strong, with salesincreases in our Western European markets and accelerated growth in the Eastern Europe and Russian markets. Weve had salespersonnel in Eastern Europe supported by warehouse in Poland toenhance our penetration of the market. We are reinforcing these efforts with a consumeradvertising campaign to position Quick Step as the premium brand of laminate inEastern Europe. Improved demand in our roofingsystems and other board products has positively impacted revenues as well as sellingprices. The laminate business was also strong in the U.S. Our products focused on thevalue added mid to high-end markets using Quick Step, Mohawk, and private labelbrands. We are growing our business in both the retail and home center channels. Our U.S. laminates strong production isrunning efficiently and at full capacity. We are beginning to install 100million square feet of new flooring capacity which will be running in thesecond quarter next year. We continue to gain share in adifficult residential market. Quick Step was also selected as a top manufacturerby retailers and a survey done by National Floor Trends magazine. In the periodwe have signed additional agreements with other companies to license our patentedtechnology. We completed the purchase of fourwood plants for approximately $145 million during the period and the resultsare included in Unilin. We have started to implement our plans to improve theproductivity, cost and quality through both process changes as well as newinvestments. We are moving products Mohawkpreviously purchased from outside suppliers into these facilities. The plantsare operating at a loss, which we estimate will be between $7 million and $15million in the first year. In the third and fourth quarters, we will havenon-cash purchase accounting charges totaling about $2 million. We anticipatethe operating results being accretive in the second year with an expanded productline and broader distribution. Mohawk continues to do well andgenerate significant cash. Since our purchase of Unilin in November 2005 wepaid off $1 billon of debt and our debt-to-capital improved from 55% to 37%.Our free cash-flow for the prior 12 months is $10.20 per share. Mohawk is wellpositioned to take advantage of any opportunities which may arise as we movethrough this cycle. In a fourth quarter the slowing U.S. housingand tightening credit markets have forecast and negatively impact theresidential sector. We expect lower production levels and increased promotionalactivity in the U.S and more difficult comparisons in Unilin segment as lastyears fourth quarter operating income grew 30% compared to the preceding thirdquarter, while managing the controllable element to our business while adaptingto the industry dynamics. Based on these factors, we estimate the fourth quarterof 2007 our earnings per share will be between $1.47 and $1.56. This year we've taken manydifficult steps to adapt to the cyclical downturn and enhance our long-termposition. We've reduced cost in all areas. We have improved productivity andrestructured our product lines and sales organization. We have reduced our debtand initiated tax strategies which will have on going benefits. At this pointwe anticipate next year's result in the U.S. will be the inverse of thisyear for the softer environment at the beginning and improvement in the secondhalf. The European market is expected to do well with some moderation of growthin 2008. We expect our business to perform well in this challengingenvironment.  At this point we'll be glad totake questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Yourfirst question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Yes, good morning, guys.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning
Frank Boykin: Good morning, David.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Jeff, you need to give Frank abig bonus, this tax rate you were down 10% in the last 11 quarters. I guess Iam trying to understand how much further this could go and how sustainable itis?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, as I said in my comments,David, the tax rate we expect going forward to be 26% in that range with thecaveat that the mix between our European operations earnings in Europe andearnings in the U.S. could impact it up or down. So I will say it's sustainablefor some period of time to come and we'll continue to look for otheropportunities. 
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: So what is your all-in Europeantax rate just so as we see movement in these two segments?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yeah, I dont have that at thetop of my head, David, but I will get it for you later.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: And when you say it'ssustainable, are we talking about years to come or quarters to come?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Years.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Okay. Well, congratulations onthat progress.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Frank Boykin: And thank you for the plus.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Yeah, you need that big bonus. Iwant to talk a little bit about the production levels in the fourth quarter.You have indicated that you saw lower production levels for in-store, is thatacross all businesses, is it more concentrated on the Mohawk segment orDal-Tile?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think it would be in both theMohawk and the Dal-Tile segments.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: And can you give us some sense ofmagnitude?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's all built into the estimateand I don't really have the numbers in front of me of each one.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Okay.
Jeff Lorberbaum: But we are planning on reducingthe production levels and at the same time we are assuming that the saleslevels will be soft.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Okay. And last question, can youtalk a little bit about the difference in sort of the range of guidance you haveprovided between the high end of the range and the low end of the range, whatsthe difference with some of the key assumptions?
Jeff Lorberbaum: You have to start with the first piecethat, the revenue side of the business is very difficult to predict. But wehave a very limited forward view of revenues. We didnt have that we have alimited view of our energy costs and raw material costs for the same reason, sobasically those things are moving almost daily with market and so we dontreally have a clear view of the revenue side and the cost side is very volatileand we dont have it. So, there is a lot of guess work in these numbers and weare trying to give reasonable estimates of what could be a rational range.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Okay. Thanks very much guys.
Frank Boykin:  Youre welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Thank you. And a couple ofquestions. I guess number one, Jeff, in your prepared comments regarding thecompetitive business in the carpet industry, you have been saying that for awhile now that it appears as though your revenue numbers were below what theindustry put up for the quarter. Has this gotten worse is the spread out? Isthere one specific competitor you are dealing with, just any kind of color onthat will be great?
Jeff Lorberbaum: First you have to start off withwhat the industry number meant. And so the industry was down about 8% indollars and I think about 11% in units. Within that the residential categories aremuch more than the rest of the business so its off significantly and then thecompany that have builder which are not all of them the ones going to havebuilder pieces, the builder pieces are significantly more. We then have thesame thing on the commercial side on the other mix, that the commercial sidesare actually up in dollars, so if you have a change going on in the modularbusiness, the modular business is growing much more, the higher participationyou have in the modular business, the more the modular has a higher unit price,so the unit selling prices are also impacted with that. On our side weve takena very aggressive standing cutting cost this year, dropping SKUs to maximizeour margins and I think it did negatively impact our share in the revenue side becausewe were so aggressive and we are taking steps to make sure we keep our sharegoing forward.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: You are going to maintain thatstands in the near term.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Stands of?
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: The aggressive SKUs and not goingdown in margin and chasing the low margin business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: No. I think that was got in througha lot of the SKU, pieces we have introduced new products, weve taken outredundancy in it and thats impacted the business and it transition a littlebit and I think we are through a lot of that and we are trying to prepare toget our business well inline going forward and back in balance.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Try building on that on thecommercial side, we obviously know whats going on the residential, any changein commercial in the last three-six months in terms of the tone of positivebusiness?
Frank Boykin: I mean I think that the rate ofgrowth we are expecting to continue to slowdown, we still think from all theforward indications we are getting that businesses are still spending money andwe dont see any change in it growing, but the growth rate could moderate overthe next year.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Okay and finally just to clarify inyour comments on Unilin, the U.S.business of Unilin was up in the quarter, is that correct?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Correct.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: And that would most likely to beshare gain given where residential is right now, do you agree with that?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I dont have any numbers to baseit on. I think we are doing better than the industry. I think that we bringmore innovation to the marketplace and I think because of that we tend to getpaid for it and (passing it).
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Alright. Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Michael Rehaut with JP Morgan.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. 
Jeff Lorberbaum : Good morning.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan: The first question on the Unilinmargins. I was wondering if you could hit on perhaps why even ex-currency theywere lower versus 2Q despite higher revenue and as this has been the story ofreal upside surprise over the last few quarters what are you thinking about interms of '08 if it can sustain the high teens number or do you think maybe we woulddrift down from the 19%-ish average that it's on-track for '07. There are twoparts there.
Jeff Lorberbaum : Yes a lot of question. First isthis business doesnt run in a straight line that we have raw materials, energycosts and different pieces changing from quarter-to-quarter. We have differentgeographies doing differently. We have product introductions going in it differentpoints of time and all of these things are going to keep the business fromhaving an exactly the same results from period-to-period. There is a holiday inthe third quarter where Europe goes on holidayand we shutdown things. Our business was a little better than we expected thisyear. So, we had to use a lot of overtime and other things in it. Every quarterthere's unique opportunities within it. We tried to pass through the price andcost relations there and depending how they fall affects each quarter. So weare going to have variations as we go through. What was the other part of thequestion?
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan: Just looking at '08, obviously in'07 you had margins even for '06 for that matter coming well aboveexpectations. As you look down the pipe over the next couple of years andtypical product adoption cycle you'd see, perhaps some price competition asyou're going up the adoption curve, what are your thoughts about margins in '08and beyond? Do you still look to see that in a kind of drift down a little bitas you capitalize on the top-line?
Jeff Lorberbaum : We believe, I mean what'shappened recently is the revenue growth that we've had has dramaticallyexceeded our own expectations; that the investments we've put in, in the U.S. marketplaceare operating more efficiently. Those all helped the margins and we continue toput in new innovations in the marketplace that we get paid for and so that'spositively helped it. Longer-term we are going to try to continue doing allthose things but we said as we continue expanding our share in the variousmarketplaces that we participate in a broader portion of the market, and insome cases, we are going to participate in lower margin products that stillincrease our dollars of profits. And so on an ongoing basis, we think over aperiod of years you'll see continuous deterioration of the margin even thoughwe increase our bottom-line, which is what we are looking for since we can'tspend margins.
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan: Okay. And one last question onthe Mohawk Carpet segment, obviously sales have come down decently. Is thedownturn, certainly the housing downturn is greater than in the last 20 year's.Are you surprised by the pullback in sales in residential and how much furtherdo you think over the next couple of quarter, perhaps looking at backlogs anddemand are you looking for, you had mentioned like, theres already been sortof a 20% drop from the peak.
Jeff Lorberbaum: One is that we dont really seethe carpet industry drop significantly different than the other categories. Wethink that if you look at the drops our best guesses are that the wood businesshas dropped more severely because it has a greater portion in the newconstruction business and the ceramic has dropped less. So, we dont see thecarpets any different than the other categories. Going forward as we keep sayingis that we have a very limited forward view of our revenues. We ship things almostnext day from the time our customers order it, so basically our forward view istake the recent past on what we are hearing from our customers and guests, andwith that we are making the assumption that for the near-term we are going tosee softer revenues rather than growing revenues and we are anticipating thatthey will get better as we go through next year. And we dont have any moredetail, I mean we are so close to the purchase; we dont have any more forwardview than you do.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Dan Oppenheim with Banc of America Securities.
Dan Oppenheim - Banc of AmericaSecurities: Thanks very much. I was wonderingif you can just talk about what
Jeff Lorberbaum: Just speak a little louderplease?
Dan Oppenheim - Banc of AmericaSecurities: I was wondering what your thoughtis in terms of pricing strategy going forward, in fact you have talked a lotabout how you are not going to sacrifice placing your margins in essence tocapture volume. I was wondering if you would in this environment where you seeorders coming down and certainly look at whats happening in the market today.If it doesnt improve for a while, do you think -- what you think about motionand what activity in order to jump on the volume decline?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think what we have always saidis our goal is try to act disciplined in the marketplace and to react to marketconditions. When you get in markets where the volume is off as much, thepressure always goes to the commodity areas and those prices always getimpacted, the same things is happening now. Those margins in those areas areless than we would like to see. We are going to react to those things andcontinue reacting to them in the marketplace. We hope our competitors reactrationally, so far for the most part weve act reasonably rationally as anindustry and well continue to react to those.
Dan Oppenheim - Banc of AmericaSecurities: Got it. So you are seeing moreflexibility to (improve the past) in terms of has been willing to match. What elseare you doing within region?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I am not sure we ever said wewouldnt do that. I think what we say is that we hope our competition in themarketplace acts rationally because we intend to, but we have to react to acompetitive market.
Dan Oppenheim - Banc of AmericaSecurities: Okay perfect, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard - ClevelandResearch: Hi. Good morning.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Bosshard - ClevelandResearch: Just close that last question,have you seen a change in rational promotion and price competition in the last90 days?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that we didnt increasethe prices on the commodities as much as we had intended to as an industry andI think the industry reacted to lower volume as typical and people are tryingto run some assets and you typically go there and the rational thing to do on amarket, though we have seen more-less we didn't accomplish as much in a pricecategory and those categories we would hope to.
Eric Bosshard - ClevelandResearch: Secondly, I guess or my firstquestion is, you commented at the outset obviously that the quarter was betterthan expected can you just explain specifically where and why you saw upsideversus expectations it appears to be Unilin, but can you just say where and whyyou saw upside within the quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean backing away from thebusiness as a whole the Unilin business the sales were higher than we hadanticipated the margins were better than we had anticipated and almost allmarkets and all product categories. The Dal-Tile business was actually betterthan we had anticipated I mean the ceramic industry we are getting it off inthe mid teens and units. So all of the investments that we have been putting inthe Unilin business over the last few years I mean in the Dal-Tile businesscontinue to pay dividends at the same time we have a higher portion of thecommercial market which is tending to do better, we got positive surprisesthere and we didn't quite do as well I'd like to do in the Mohawk side. We are takingsteps we think to get it where we like it to be.
Eric Bosshard - ClevelandResearch: And the upside in Unilin whichhas been a consistent theme is this function of true out performance or justcontinued conservative expectations on your part?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's difficult and we are in twomarket places in Europe and here they are both very mature markets, Unilin hasa strategy in Europe that is towards the mid to high end its very focused onthat piece and to have double-digit growth in mature markets over there andthen the US all of this business goes into the residential replacement businessover here which is under significant pressure in today's marketplace to havemid-teen growth rate. It's difficult to sit back and predict that and we areglad to have it.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Arnold Brief with Goldsmith & Harris.
Arnold Brief - Goldsmith & Harris.: Two short ones, one could yougive us some idea, what you anticipate your inventory direction will be in thefourth quarter ended December versus the third quarter ending September 30, isyour drawdown coming cash generation?
Frank Boykin:  Yes, we are going to be takingour inventories down to try to max demand levels.
Jeff Lorberbaum: But we are anticipating demand togo down too.
Arnold Brief - Goldsmith & Harris.: Yeah.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Hopefully we could be surprised.
Arnold Brief - Goldsmith & Harris.: Could you give us some guidancemaybe 4%, 5% down from September?
Frank Boykin: I dont have that number righthere in front of me.
Arnold Brief - Goldsmith & Harris.: Okay, could you give us some ideawhat your position in terms of a stock buyback at this point.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have authorization to buybackstock we can afford, we continually watch it based on where the stock pricegoes, we have the debt ratios are down where we are comfortable with multiple options,we continue to look at potential acquisitions that are out there in themarketplace and that the balance between leading flexibility for investments, leadingflexibility for unknown in the future of the economy of what's going on andbuying back stock. So, its one of things we have available to us and weconstantly look at it and we will determine as we are going to invest one dayat a time.
Arnold Brief - Goldsmith & Harris.: On a longer-term basis, could yougive us some direction in terms of Columbia'soutput? How much you intent to use internally? Will there be any externalsales?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes, we believe that Columbia will continuelike we have both in the Unilin business and the Dal-Tile business which isthat all of them have different brands that are sold in different ways. Weexpect to continue with the Columbiabrand and support those customers a little while, we like it, we expect tobroaden the product line for them and expand it. At the same time we expect touse the Mohawk brand and increase our sales in the marketplace with it and wealso in our Dal-Tile business we supplement unique products from around theworld and well continue to supplement the product line is what we think isneeded with products around the world where we think its appropriate. We think there is a lot of excesscapacity in the plants run properly those gives us a lot of upside and growthand we are preparing for that by getting our cost down, improving the qualityand we think that well have a dramatically different product line over thenext year or two from where it started.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Jeff - Raymond James: This is actually Jeff calling infor Sam. Sam was unable to make the call. Good morning Jeff and Frank.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning, how are you?
Jeff - Raymond James: Doing well. My only questionrelates to tax and it sounds like the way you described your tax strategy itsounds like there is more going on in just the obvious mix shift towardsEuropean business, whether presumably is a lower tax rate. Can you describe allthe strategies for us, hopefully specifically but even in broad terms if thatswhere you are willing to do?
Frank Boykin: Well I can tell you, youreright. Its not the improvement in the tax rate is not mixed, but its newstrategies we put in place in Europe, and they are rather complicated, itsmore than one strategy. Id be glad to try to talk you through off line at a highlevel what we have done, but it be a little bit time consuming and difficult totry to explain it right now I think. But they are ongoing and were expectingthis 26% or so tax rate, Q4 and into future periods as we go forward.
Jeff - Raymond James: Okay that will be great. Thankyou.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of John Baugh with Stifel.
John Baugh - Stifel: Good morning.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Hey John.
Frank Boykin: How do like the way we pronounceyou name?
John Baugh - Stifel: It was close enough that I knewthey were referring to me. I have got one question, is going to be like five orsix points of round the pencil.
Frank Boykin: I would like kind of two at oneat a time then.
John Baugh - Stifel: Okay. CapEx '07 and '08 what arethe budgets?
Jeff Lorberbaum: '07 we think we are going to end upsomewhere around 200. It depends some point how much gets initiated in thefourth quarter which we havent got exactly nailed down yet. We have notcompleted the budgets and had them approved for next year yet.
John Baugh - Stifel: Okay. The amortization is comingdown, I think you mentioned 20 million Frank, is that coming out of the Unilindivision
Frank Boykin: It is John. It's all related tothe intangibles that we had set up when we purchased Unilin.
John Baugh - Stifel: So the gross there will drop fromX to Y. What is X and Y 35 to 55.
Frank Boykin: Yeah, I think if you go back inour footnotes in the K, it shows an estimate of about 89, 88 million -- 89million for '07 and 69 million for '08.
John Baugh - Stifel: Okay.
Frank Boykin: In total, thats totalamortization.
Jeff Lorberbaum: He is not reading the numbers lookingat the K and give you the exact numbers.
Frank Boykin: Footnote 5. It's pretty close tothose numbers.
John Baugh - Stifel: Did I hear you earlier, did yousay that your current mid volumes were up 20% in the quarter is it this yearthen?
Jeff Lorberbaum: What I said was that theindustries volume from the peak looks like its running about 20% off in units.
John Baugh - Stifel: Okay, industry from the peak?
Jeff Lorberbaum: So the peak would have been in2005. 
John Baugh - Stifel: And that's not a residentialcomment that's just a whole industry?
Jeff Lorberbaum: That's the whole industry andagain I have said I thought that the wood business was running higher than thatand the ceramic running lower than that.
John Baugh - Stifel: Okay. Are there any customs comingFrank in the future?
Frank Boykin: Yeah, as we've said in the pastwe've received about $30 million between first quarter this year and last year.So far we havent received any after the first quarter of this year. In totalwe are expecting to receive some number over 40 million which would include the30 we have received so far but as you know we are working with the governmentand there is no certainty in terms of the amounts or the timing. So, we arestill working on it and counting on it.
John Baugh - Stifel: Okay. And a last one, you toucheda little bit on it Jeff, but going into this downturn. Dal-Tile have where myestimation is about 30% of its business tied to the residential builder marketand you are running flat revenues with building off like 40% from a peak. Howdid you do this? Is the residential replacement momentum you had that's strong.I know you got the commercial helping but maybe a little more color on how youare achieving flat revenues and as you said a mid-teens kind of decline for theindustry.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that the residentialbusiness we are performing better than the industry. All of the investments wehave put in are people, capital, distribution are giving us better results inthe residential business. In addition, we have a significant share of ourbusiness in commercial. I think the number is somewhere in the 40% range of ourbusiness is in commercial and we have a very high share of commercial to theindustry and that business is doing well and so between the two that's helpingus, I think we are outperforming in both commercial and residential and has givingus better results in the industry.
John Baugh - Stifel: Where is that plant being closedin the ceramic side?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Conroe, Texas
John Baugh - Stifel: Texas. Great. Thank you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks.
John Baugh - Stifel: I appreciate it. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Bob Thompson with [Atlantis] Capital.
Bob Thompson - Atlantis Capital: Good morning.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Frank Boykin:  Good morning. 
Bob Thompson - Atlantis Capital: In terms of acquisitions, are youlooking at small acquisitions in the wood products area or would you entertainlarger acquisitions?
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think that with the debt levelwe've today that we could do a very large purchase if we found one that weliked. We have said that we are looking in area of add-on acquisitions in theU.S. where we have significant market shares in most of the categories today,we are looking in around the world in some high growth areas where the economiesare doing well as well as to other things that would fit in with our Europeanbusiness, which is doing well.
Bob Thompson - Atlantis Capital: Okay.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And we are constantly looking atall of those.
Bob Thompson - Atlantis Capital: Okay. In terms of the Unilin inthe European side, are you seeing any moderation in any of the areas overthere?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It does appear that economy isgoing to slowdown, some of the input we're getting back from some of ourcustomers, I would perceive its going to be but I have to tell you its stillgrowing, I dont know, its still growing. The question is can it grow at therate it's been growing at, and again as I said before to take a business thatis herein stabilized and grow at the rates we are growing in the business. Ithink we are doing quite well. Its difficult to keep that up.
Bob Thompson - Atlantis Capital: Okay. Thank you very much, greatquarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Laura Champine with Morgan Keegan.
Laura Champine - Morgan Keegan: Good morning, Jeff and Frank.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Laura Champine - Morgan Keegan: There are obviously lots of putsintake in the Unilin business. It sounds like you got Columbia in those results as well and you areseeing some currency fluctuation. But can you give us any kind of ballpark forthe next 12 months in terms of the EBIT margins?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that I always said so faris that the EBIT margins we expect to be slightly lower than they are this yearand they continue all the time to be lower. Again as we broaden up thebusiness, as we go forward and that we said its going to be difficult to keepgrowing at the growth rates we had this year. I mean if we get lucky wed liketo do it again, but
Laura Champine - Morgan Keegan: With lower still imply to midteens future, Jeff, you would start to see a low double-digit operating marginor is that something we got to be prepared for?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean, I think it's going to godown moderately all of the time, not to jump down 5% increments.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Andy Shaffer with Farley Capital.
Andy Shaffer - Farley Capital: Good morning.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Frank Boykin: Hi Andy.
Andy Shaffer - Farley Capital: I was wondering Ive seen somenumbers saying an estimated 2 million homes in the U.S. maybe for closed upon in thenext couple of years. And I was wondering if perhaps there could be anopportunity for you guys for instance, do you know what happens to the homesonce they are foreclosed upon and sold by the bank at auction. I think typicallyremodeled before they are put on the market or if any anecdotal evidence.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I cant say that we have anyspecific data. A large portion of homes when they are purchased, yes, it is twoquestions there, one is what happens before they are sold, or what happensafter they are sold.
Andy Shaffer - Farley Capital: Right.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Before they are sold I dont havea lot of data on it, I would guess a lot of them have limited amounts of workdone to them, to make them salable in the marketplace where you tend to getmore of the work is where the new purchaser comes in and say I like this housebut I want to make it fit my lifestyle or my perception and you get more of thework done afterwards and then typically they start out with limited projectsand they continue them overtime, so usually existing home sales are good forremodeling business overtime. And it should be here too.
Andy Shaffer - Farley Capital: Okay, thanks and also in Europe the Unilin business is the distribution there isthat mainly through distributors?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It is in most of the areas isthrough distributors and some areas they are close to our factory, wedistribute directly, but most of it is through distribution.
Frank Boykin: We also get variations betweendifferent countries too.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Steven East with Pali Capital.
Steven East - Pali Capital: Good morning guys.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Steven East - Pali Capital: Jeff could you talk a little bitI know the trends obviously declined throughout the quarter a bit, could youput a little magnitude you know what July, August, September and maybe even inthe October sort of the relative strengths in those?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well its difficult to answerbecause in this environment you have week-to-week the sales dont go on astraight line and it bounce up and down because in poor condition, I mean thereis a lot of escalation going on which makes it difficult for us to predict ourown production levels and everything else. In general, I would say it softeneda little bit going through it. You have the price increases that impacted. Youhave the interest changes or the availability of credit going on and every timethe news changes it impacts it's. So I think it might have been a little weakersomewhere in the middle and helped a little bit towards the end but in generalI think it's softened as we have gone through and we are anticipating softermore from instinctive things than actual evidence.
Steven East - Pali Capital: Okay, thats fair, on the priceincreases you have talked about you didn't get them across the board, you didn'tget them in the commodity type product. If you looked across your sales for thequarter what would you say would probably be the blended increase that you wereable to get out of it?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Its hard to I would guess that weprobably got about 60%, 70% of where we had initially asked for we don't evergo all of what we asked for and any increase and here we got less of thecommodity increases than we had intended and it was basically due to reactionsin the marketplace and competition. Ready for next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Chris Benon with Wachovia.
Chris Benon - Wachovia: Couple of questions, first off canyou just give us an idea of what the sales in MDF were to external customersduring the quarter or generally how those trended?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Sales of MDF, when you are tryingto get at and I'll try to help you get there?
Chris Benon - Wachovia: Your medium density of fiber woodstuff that would go into your laminate?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean I have Europeanbusinesses, American businesses I mean all types of things that are going on.
Chris Benon - Wachovia: Domestic.
Jeff Lorberbaum: U.S.?
Chris Benon - Wachovia: Yes.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean we are running our plansbasically a capacity we have put in new production so what's happening we areusing a greater percent of the capacity than we were, so then sales to othershas to come down because we we're utilizing more of it internally.
Chris Benon - Wachovia: Okay, and then could you give mean ideas what your current yarn mix is versus maybe a year ago?
Jeff Lorberbaum: What you would see is that thenylon filament and polyester categories are doing better and that thepolypropylene and staple nylon would be doing worse.
Chris Benon - Wachovia: Okay, thanks guys.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Jerry Rivera with SAC Capital.
Jerry Rivera - SAC Capital: Hi, Frank and Jeff.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Hi, Jerry
Jerry Rivera - SAC Capital: Couple questions on Columbia, would you said 7% of the sales growth came from Columbia in the quarterin Unilin. Did you tell us what the profit was?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's running at a loss.
Frank Boykin: There is no profit.
Jerry Rivera - SAC Capital: No profit, okay.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We said that we expected to loosesomewhere between $7 million and $15 million in the first year that we have onlyowned it for a limited number of weeks in the period and that the question itsgoing to determine how much, as how fast we can make the changes, and whathappens to the market over the same period of time with prices and volumes. Sothose are the pieces that are moving.
Jerry Rivera - SAC Capital: Okay, and then there is anadditional $4 million of cost between this quarter and next?
Frank Boykin: No. I think what we are trying tosay there is some one-time charges related to -- you are talking about the $2million that we talked about. There is one-time charges related to acquisitionaccounting and a portion of that maybe half of it was in the third quarter andthen we expect the other half to be in the fourth quarter.
Jerry Rivera - SAC Capital: But that was $2 million total.
Frank Boykin: Yes, its not $4 million.
Jerry Rivera - SAC Capital: Which $4 million that you are referringto?
Frank Boykin: Jerry.
Operator: He is not in queue anymore.
Frank Boykin: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of David MacGregor with Longbow Research
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Just a follow-up, your pressrelease where you indicate that business is good in Eastern Europe and then Russia, just Europein general. With the weak dollar and low capacity utilizations in the United States, are you exporting to Europe,parts that you would have typically sold in the United States?
Jeff Lorberbaum: No, it still doesnt make senseto export the products to Europe from here atthis point.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Okay. Is that free cost from theprincipal source of friction there or is it access to markets, or what is it?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Its really, its mostly thefreight cost.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Yeah.
Jeff Lorberbaum: To move it there, I mean we havelow cost plants in Europe, so the question isyou have to be able to offset the freight and the cost from here.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Right.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And so.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: For each one up everyday.
Jeff Lorberbaum: For each going up daily.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Okay. And then of the productthat you are bringing into the United States is supplemental as you refer to itearlier. Was that up or down in the quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Okay, what I was trying to say inthat one is that we use in our business suppliers to give us product that shiftniches that either we dont make or we want to supplement our capacity in it.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Right.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And we do that in various places,we do it in our ceramic business, we do it in our wood business in here andsometimes other products as we go through. So, we use that to supplement eitherwhat we dont make or what are unique products or could be unique woods species.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Right. So were they up or down inthe quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I would assume I dont have thenumbers but I would assume everything is down. Whats happened is we havebrought internally products that we could produce as the industry slowed downand we put in more capacity, we have internalized products, with the Columbia acquisition wehave moved products, wood products that we were importing. We are moving intothe business and with the increased capacity that we've put in the US in the laminate business were bringing lessin from Europe from our own facilities overthere. So I am sure it's down substantially.
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Okay good thanks guys, you have donea nice job in a tough environment.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Steven East with Pali Capital.
Steven East - Pali Capital: Thanks, she is quick on thebutton. So I am going to ask several questions and you all can answer them if Iget cut of here.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Alright.
Steven East - Pali Capital: First you laid out pretty well,how you think about what you do with your cash flow but is there a level thaton your debt-to-total cap that you say enough is enough we don't need to go anylower on that thats the first thing. The second thing
Jeff Lorberbaum: So thats one at the time. We haven'tfound a level when we got there that we didn't pick one of the choices eitherbuying something or buying back stock historically. One of the two happens.
Steven East - Pali Capital: At what level, I am sorry?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I said one of the two has alwayshappened historically I am going to assume we are going to do one of the twoagain.
Steven East - Pali Capital: Oh, I got it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: (Mortgage count is very low).
Frank Boykin: But there is no magic number
Steven East - Pali Capital: Okay.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Before we bought Unilin I thinkit had gotten down to in the mid 20 and then what we did is leveraged it up tothe mid 50.
Steven East - Pali Capital: Right, okay, fair enough. I wasthinking more along the lines of not necessarily acquisition per se thatswitching over to share repurchase particularly these lower levels after itsbacked off so much?
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's really a balancing of howmuch flexibility we want to maintain for future unknown acquisition.
Steven East - Pali Capital: Okay, thats fair. And then youall have talked lot about trying to forecast Unilin all of that and I know inthe past you said you just haven't felt that comfortable and really having yourhands around being able to forecast this business very well because theyhaven't done much of that etcetera and do you feel any better yet or is it stilla case of -- some of this positive surprise is just because you dont have thatgut feel like you do at Mohawk and Dal-Tile etcetera?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think we have improvedsubstantially. I believe that we have very strong systems in the place today.We have upgraded the financial systems dramatically. The people are gettingused to creating forecast and working towards the business. I mean I would haveto commend them greatly. The real question is when you have increases at thelevel you are how comfortable are you at in predicting in mature marketplace isgrowing like this. You dont normally expect it to happen on a continuousbasis.
Steven East - Pali Capital: Right. Okay. And then just twoquick questions on Unilin. Is the non-flooring business lower margin than theflooring business and I know you havent given out actual royalty numbers inthe past. But can you give us some type of idea what magnitude since becausethat's virtually 100% margin coming through etcetera? 
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes, the non-flooring business isour lower margin than the flooring business. And one thing is the income is notall go to the bottom line. I don't know if you read the things we have put outabout winning legal suits IPC because we have spent a tremendous amount ofmoney getting the marketplace to accept the validity of the packings andforcing people to do things. So, we have a very high level of legal expensestaking different propositions to courts in both Europe and the U.S. and otherplaces. We have spend a lot of SG&A creating the value in the packings orelse there wouldnt be any.
Steven East - Pali Capital: Okay. Any type of magnitude doyou want to put around the royalties?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I dont think we're prepared todo that today.
Steven East - Pali Capital: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Jerry Rivera with SAC Capital.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning.
Jerry Rivera - SAC Capital: Hi, one more time. I just wantedto ask also about what growth did you see in laminate either on POS, I thinklast quarter you said POS and laminate was were in roughly high-singlelow-double and then if also you could say what your POS on a hardwood or Columbiais?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I am sorry, you want to know thesales rate to our customers -- I am not sure what the question is.
Jerry Rivera - SAC Capital: Or just the point-of-sales growthrate for laminate and hardwood during the quarter?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The growth rate of the Unilinbusiness was 15%, the flooring is growing at least that rate, we wouldnt havethe margins that we have.
Jerry Rivera - SAC Capital: Okay.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The flooring is growing indouble-digits.
Jerry Rivera - SAC Capital: The U.S. flooring is it?
Jeff Lorberbaum: The total flooring.
Jerry Rivera - SAC Capital: Okay, do you know what the U.S.laminate?
Jeff Lorberbaum:  I dont know what the breakdownis between is two but I can tell you that flooring business is growing at leastequal with the whole business.
Jerry Rivera - SAC Capital: Okay, and then what about Columbia?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Columbia we have owned for say few weeks.
Frank Boykin: Six weeks.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I am not sure, we haven't doneit. Our focus is at this point is just to get the class quality andinfrastructure underneath it and I have no idea what's going on in the growthrate. It may even be shrinking a little at this minute, I dont know.
Frank Boykin: The wood business is solid.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The wood business I think intotal is close to 25% at a run rate from its peak for the industry.
Jerry Rivera - SAC Capital: Okay, versus down 20 for carpet.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And down mid-teens for theceramic.
Jerry Rivera - SAC Capital: Okay, and then last question onthe debt capacity. Is it fair to say I mean you paid off $1 billion, is it fairto say I guess you have about $1 billion to use between either acquisitions orshare buyback?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I dont have the numbers, but Iguess we would have more because the equity is greater than it was two yearsago.
Jerry Rivera - SAC Capital: So, I mean I guess given that youhave more than a billion, you have the capability of doing a number of things.I mean you could do acquisitions and buyback. You dont have to necessarilychoose between the two?
Frank Boykin: No doubt. Its been the size of eitherone or how the mix is, but you are right we can do more
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have a lot of flexibility todo what we want to at this point.
Jerry Rivera - SAC Capital: Okay. And then the urgency to usethat $1 billion plus of debt?
Jeff Lorberbaum: I would say that we would like touse it, I dont think the urgency is to do the right things for the long-term notto get rid of it.
Jerry Rivera - SAC Capital: Yeah. Okay
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you.
Frank Boykin: Okay.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen we havereached the allotted time for questions and answers. Mr. Lorberbaum are thereany closing remarks?
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining us. Wethink we had a good quarter, and we think we are well positioned for theenvironment that we are in and will be in for the next year. Have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes today's conferencecall. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-20 11:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and CEO   Frank H. Boykin - CFO 
Analysts: Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company   Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan   Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey   David MacGregor - Longbow Research   Laura A. Champine - Morgan Keegan & Company   John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus   Shaheen Shaheen - Mohawk Industries 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Crystal, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mohawk Industries Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder ladies and gentleman, this conference is being recorded today, July 20th, 2007. Thank you.  I would now turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and CEO. Mr. Lorberbaum, you may begin your conference. 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Welcome to Mohawk second quarter conference call. With me I have Frank Boykin, our CFO. Would you please read the Safe Harbor statement? 
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Sure. I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those said forth in our press release in our periodic fallings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. I am pleased with Mohawk second quarter results given the difficult environment the US flooring industry is experiencing. The second quarter net earnings were $115 million, and earnings per share was $1.68, both about 4% below last year. Net sales for the period were about $2 billion, a decrease of about 4%. The Company continues to generate strong cash flow paying down debt of $208 million and improving a debt to capital ratio to 38%.  The US flooring industry continued its cyclical downturn with soft sales in both the residential new and remodeling categories. US commercial business continued performing better than the residential business. We do not see any indications presently of a significant change in the US industry. Many of our US manufacturing facilities are operating at low capacities, generating unabsorbed overhead cost. We are controlling production levels to match sales and inventory requirements.  The European business maintained its strong growth and performance, partially offsetting the cyclical downturn in the US market. We raised prices in many product categories in both the US and Europe to past through rising material, energy, and transportation costs. The unpredictability of future costs and demand make the outlook difficult to predict.  Frank, would you give our financial report, please? 
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Okay.Our net sales for the quarter were $1.977 billion or 4% down from the previous year. Our Unilin segment continued this growth with Dal-Tile coming in flat, but improving sequentially from the first quarter. Mohawk sales were down, continuing to be impacted by residential flooring.  Our gross profit came in at 28.2%, down from 28.8% in the prior year. This decline was primarily due to lower volume in the US and higher raw material cost in our carpet segment.  SG&A came in at 18.1%, up slightly from the 17.9% of last year. Our dollars were down but we had a slightly higher percentage of net sales and that was impacted by the amortization of the Unilin goodwill, as well as less leverage on lower sales this quarter. Operating income came in at 10% versus 10.8% last year with interest and other expenses coming in at $36 million compared to $44 million last year. Our interest was down due to continued debt pay down. Other income and expense was more favorable this year due to foreign exchange gains. We did not receive any refunds from US customs in this quarter.  Income taxes came in at $46 million or an effective tax rate of 28.8%. This was an improvement over the last year's rate of 33.4%, due primarily to the difference in mix between our North American and our European businesses. We are currently estimating that our effective rate for the full year will be at about 30%. Our earnings per share come in at a $1.68, 4% below last year.  The Mohawk segment sales at $1.1 billion were 10% below last year, as I have stated before, impacted by the softness in the residential new and remodel business. Operating income at 5.4% of sales compares to 8% last year, down due to volume declines and higher raw material costs.  The Dal-Tile sales came in at $505 million, about flat with last year. Residential new business decline impacted Dal-Tile but they did turn in a good performance considering the environment that they are in.  Operating income came in at 13.7% compared to 14.6% for the quarter and on the Unilin segment sales came in at $364 million, up 16% from the prior year. If we look at sales increase using a constant exchange rate, it was up 11%. Europe continued to turn in strong performances in this quarter.  Operating income was 22.5 %, up from the 19% last year; the foreign exchange impact was about $5 million favorable to the operating income for the quarter. Our corporate segment turned in operating income, a loss of about $30 million compared to $10 million last year; it's higher this year due to timing but we are still looking at $35 million for the full year for this segment.  Looking at the balance sheet, receivables came in at $968 million, about 42 days, which is consistent with last year. Inventories at $1.229 billion churns at about 4.1 times compared to 4.2 times last year. Fixed assets at $1.9 billion were the result of capital expenditure during the quarter of $35 million, and depreciation and amortization came in at $75 million. We are estimating our total capital expenditures for the year to be $220 million to $250 million and depreciation and amortization to be just above $300 million.  Our debt ... our total debt for the quarter ended up at $2.501 billion. We had about $300 million of bonds that matured during the quarter that we rolled over into our bank facility and we will pay this out with our cash flow over the course of the year. Our debt to capitalization ratio, as Jeff had mentioned, came in at 38%. Debt to EBITDA at 2.2 times and then we paid down just over $200 million of debt for the quarter. Jeff? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. The US economy is expected to continue with reasonable growth for the foreseeable future. Employment levels remain high with growing income levels. Mortgage rates are historically good but the lenders are tightening requirement. Home selling prices are still under pressure with slow new and existing home sale.  The Mohawk segment is continuing the trends from the first quarter. The carpet industry's rate of decline may have stabilized during the quarter.  Our comps in the third quarter will become easier as the third period last year started the industry's dramatic decline in sales. Residential new construction is still suffering from excess housing inventory and remodeling is declining from slow existing home sales, falling home selling prices, and lower discretionary remodeling expenditures.  The environment is reducing the average mix and increasing the promotional activity. Commercial sales are stronger then residential with modular tiles continuing to gain share. This increase in modular is raising the average unit price and is an alternative to broadloom. We are expanding our modular offerings with our new Encycle back to capitalize on these trends.  As raw materials have increased commercial prices new engineered products are being introduced to maintain price points and meet existing budgets. The Mohawk segment is focused on controlling expenses, inventory, and maximizing productivity. Raw material costs increased during the quarter and we announced a carpet price increase in May of 4% to 6% which we began implementing in June. We announced price increases in many of our hard surface product to cover higher distribution costs. To reduce our logistics costs, many initiatives are being implemented such as increased direct shipments to customers, consolidation of distribution points and improved inventory management.  The Dal-Tile segment for the quarter was slightly below last year. Sales were slightly below last year. We believe we are performing better than the industry due to early investments in sales, products, and marketing. Commercial sales are offsetting some of the weaknesses in the residential.  More emphasis is being placed on specifying commercial products with large accounts, which is adding new sales. Selective price increases were implemented in the period and surcharges are being added to cover increased transportation and energy costs.  The distribution points we put up last year are adding incremental sales and should continue to expand. This year we will remodel about 35 existing service locations and add four new sites.  In ten locations, we are testing a new system to improve our service of installation tools and materials. We are reducing our controllable SG&A costs but the margins are lowered due to infrastructure investments to grow sale in distribution points and sales personnel; an unabsorbed overhead from lower production schedules. Our Dal-Tile is implementing many initiatives to reduce costs, improve efficiencies, and working capital.  We are increasing production as we shift products to our own facilities which were previously sourced externally.  Our Unilin segment continued its strong performance for the quarter with sales up 16% over last year.  The European economy is strong, while the US residential markets remained weak. The strong euro positively impacted sales by 5% and operating income by $5 million. Our US manufacturing plant is operating at higher levels than last year and costs are improving. Additional equipments being purchased and will be operational next spring. This will increase our capacity and add capabilities to produce more sophisticated products in the United States.  Our European sales were good in all product categories. Price increases were implemented in many products to cover rising material and energy costs. Sales of accessories are improving as our new patented moldings are reaching the market. Our roofing and other wood business is also doing well with the rest of the European economy. Sales to Eastern Europe and Russia are growing as those economies expand. Our patents continue to gain strength and we entered new license agreements growing revenues.  Unilin's results were the best ever and we anticipate future results to be more in line with historical. We are continuing to pursue companies who infringe on our patented technology. We announced an agreement to acquire four pre-finished wood plants from Columbia Forest Products which is our current supplier. Two solid wood plants and one engineered plant are in United States and one engineered plant is in Malaysia. The Unilin US business unit will operate the wood business and market both wood and laminate product categories. The plants are currently experiencing loses, but the business is expected to be accretive after the first year. We have begun to develop an integration and transition plan for this business which we'll be implementing after the acquisition is completed, most likely in the third quarter.  A one time non-cash purchase accounting charge is expected with the acquisition and should not be material to the Company. After the acquisition, Mohawk will be the second largest producer in the pre-finished wood category which is expected to grow between 6% to 8% over time. The transaction is subject to customary government approvals and closing conditions.  We continue to investigate acquisition opportunities in the United States and elsewhere to enhance our business and broaden our geographical exposure. We are focused on environmental stewardship and will present our many initiatives under program identified as Greenworks. This program includes recycling both post consumer and industrial waste, utilizing bio-based raw materials and energy, and reducing water usage, energy consumption, and emissions.  Examples of these initiatives include recycling old carpet, waste wood and over 3 billion plastic bottles each year, using recycled tires and doormats, reducing water consumption in half in the last ten years, producing carpet from fiber which uses corn as a major building block and generating energy from bio-waste rather then oil for manufacturing. Greenworks is beneficial for our customers, our community, and the environment.  During the period, no additional payments were received from US Customs for refunds of duty. In the future, we expect additional payments though the timing and amount are not known at this point. The Company expects the US residential environment to continue to be difficult during the third quarter. The management team is committed to maintaining the proper balance between cost-cutting and being prepared for future turnaround. Based on these factors, the guidance for the third quarter of 2007 is $1.61 to $1.70 earnings per share.  With that we'll be glad to take questions. 
Question And Answer:
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Management requests that you limit your questions to one primary and one follow-up. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research. 
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Hi. Good morning. 
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning. 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Eric. 
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Jeff, can you first talk about demand momentum. You comment that the guidance assumes weak results, but I think you also commented that you thought things would stabilize. Just tell us a little bit about what you are seeing within the business right now, and where you think it goes from here in terms of demand? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: When we look at the industry over the last nine months, it does look like that we bottomed out in the rate of decline, and so based on that we are assuming we are at the bottom and we are hoping it will improve as we go forward, but we'll have to see how does it happen. At the moment, we are basically seeing a continuation of what we saw in the second quarter, there is some ... as you put in price increases it makes a little difficult to see the incoming business volume because usually there is an up tick in business and then there is a slight decline after it starts going in, to make up for, because the customers don't need anymore product. So that's all being going on. But we are assuming at this point it's going to continue as we have been seeing until we see a significant change in our results. 
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Secondly, within Unilin again the business performs better on the margin line and again you comment on that it's not going to be sustained at this level; something we've heard before. The upside in margin in the quarter; can you talk a little bit about what contributed to that and why it isn't going to be sustained at this level? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I mean, we first started out with the European economy was growing better than we expected and with strong growth in Europe; that's resulted in a stronger volume growth. It resulted in the ability to pass through price increases that we have. The overall sales in the category were up double-digits which helped cover the overhead structures better which helped us there. All the product categories, they've improved within the pieces, we look at it. And so the combination of all those things resulted in an extremely good quarter. Now, normally you don't have all parts of the business and all pieces doing well at the same moment. And every part of the business showed increases both in sales and margins, and it's difficult to assume those things will continue on an ongoing basis. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JP Morgan. 
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan: Hi. Good morning. Thanks. 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. 
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan: The first question just to look at Unilin from another angle, if I could; you did about excluding the foreign currency translation or gains in the margins. You had about $16 million or $17 million of incremental profit on $11 million of increments on sales if you look at 2Q versus 1Q, and none of this is the exact right way to look at it but what's going on with that variance to get such an incremental pop on margin from incremental sales, is there ... are there mix differences that typically you sell different types of higher margin product in the second quarter or are you getting just tremendous pricing or what are the some of the bigger gives and takes there? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: One of the ... pricing was a big impact on it. Mix you are right, different product categories was a big impact, and Fx you took out and that was also a big impact. Those were the top two or three that come to mind for me. 
Michael Rehaut - JP Morgan: Okay. 
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Agreed. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Dan Oppenheim with Banc of America. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is actually Mike Dawn [ph] for Dan. Just a couple ... how are you, also? Just a couple of questions on kind of what you are seeing on the pricing side. Looks like you implemented the, the price increases and it seems from at least our conversations with others that competitors followed suite. Have you seen anything on the ... have you seen any customers start to push back on that as we continue to see weakness on housing and are we seeing any of your competitors also begin to cut back on pricing in an attempt to grab market share here? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think you have to separate up the general conditions and the price increase. The general conditions, with the pressures on it, their have been throughout the year, more promoting going on and pricing pressures which are continuing basis for the business given the environment we are in. Second to that, there was a price increase announced and the price increase we announced in May to start implementing in June. All indications that we have from customers we talked to is that our competitors are implementing price increases that are similar. Those price increases are flowing through the marketplace and we don't see any change in that as we speak. 
Unidentified Analyst: If you look at pricing on a net-net basis if you take into account the promotional activity; would you say that it's still up or would you say that the promotions are having the effect of coming out to flat net-net pricing? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That is the promotions were going on at the same rates before the price increase. So the pricing increase is on top of whatever was going on in the marketplace. As we announced it, so I haven't seen a significant change in the promotions. On the other hand all the pricing is on top of those levels. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Keith Hughes with Suntrust. 
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. In the carpet business where do you stand now in carpet inventory, either sequentially or year-over-year? 
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Well Keith, I think we'll have to dig out the numbers. 
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, let me ask you another question, while you are dig that out. The carpet industry do you have any feel in dollars units, what they did in the second quarter? 
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Your first questions Keith was the carpet inventories were up or down versus a year ago? 
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Right. 
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah they are down. 
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Was it down similar to what sales was down? 
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Not quite, but close. 
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: I guess my real question is fundamentally, we are at a point now in inventory where if what Jeff had said earlier, demand stage, roughly where it is, we will ... you won't have to be taking any more inventory adjustments, manufacturing time adjustments? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There is two parts. One is if the level stays where it is, we won't have to reduce the base inventories. The second piece is, if it stays where it is, we still have much more capacity ... we have more capacity than we need to operate at the sales levels of the industry. 
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. That answers it. And do you have the ... the industry ... do you have those numbers? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: From the industry, I think, was down on average about 9% in unit for the second quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research. 
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Yes, good morning, gentlemen. 
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, David. 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. 
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Can you just talk about the extend to which Columbia Forest Products is losing money at this point, and what the magnitude of loss would be that you'd have to absorb until you get that to an accretive stage? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I think that our estimates on the first year, and it's fairly broad at this point, is that the loss is going to be somewhere between $7 million and $15 million in the first year, as we take the various initiatives to get it in place moving forward. We are going to do a lot of different things in the strategy out of it. We are going to broaden out some of the product offerings as they go. We think that we can increase the amount of product they are producing from Mohawk. We think that we can improve their cost position and quality position in the marketplace. We are going to have to put some additional capital into the business to improve the cost position even more. We think we can introduce their products and there is a channel they are not getting to, as well as improve some of their design and technical capability as we go through. And various things ... again, some of the things will take it up to two years to execute. 
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Those were pretax numbers, David. 
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Those were pretax, understood. But, you have a fairly high level conviction that you can get this to an accretive stage within, I guess, the second year? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Correct. 
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Okay, good. And then the other question I had for you. If you just could give us a breakdown on each of the three segments what your commercial versus residential revenue mix might be ... might be helpful? Thanks. 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And we don't have that in front of us, just a minute, we don't give it out by segment. Historically, it's around 25% of the total, and at high level, the Unilin business basically doesn't participate and it's the laminate business does not go into the commercial segment, today, the Dal-Tile business has a higher level of commercial than the Mohawk does, it would be higher than the average and Mohawk would be somewhere less than the average. 
Operator: Okay. Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Morgan Keegan. 
Laura A. Champine - Morgan Keegan & Company: Good morning. 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Laura. 
Laura A. Champine - Morgan Keegan & Company: By buying Columbia, I think you now have a high single-digit percentage share in the wood business. But typically, your preference has been to operate it closer to 30% share. I mean, should I look at the Columbia acquisition as completing what you need to do in hardwood or are you still looking at that segment for potential acquisitions? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our goal is to have a large share of the wood business. We believe this is a big second step. One was we have been selling product the last few years. This will give us a vertically integrated position. The capacity had underutilized significantly which will allow us to participate and grow the business in the category with the assets that we own. Other alternatives could be to look at other higher-end businesses. They participate in more of the medium to lower price product category. So there is still opportunity in the higher end category that we haven't covered at this point other than from a distribution standpoint. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baugh with Stifel Nicolaus. 
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. Good morning. And let me be the first say good job, in an obviously tough environment. Can we drill down on Mohawk division 5.4% EBIT that's certainly low relative to your standards for the seasonally second quarter, how much ... if you can break it out to some degree, is under-absorption, how much was the raw material increase versus the relief you got in pricing because I know that lag and any other factors in there. Or put another way, how do we look at EBIT margins in the second half of that year in light of the fact that the year-over-year declines in revenue should lessen with what happened a year ago. You've got pricing more in place, etcetera? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think that our internal expectations are for the margins to improve as we go through the year that unless we get some big surprises, we are expecting the margins to go up from here. We have more controls over our SG&A costs and more controls over our sampling. We did, significant drops of product in the first half trying to get the business more balanced with the present conditions that are going on. So I mean our internal pieces without giving you an exact number show improvement as we go through the year. 
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: And is commercial, which now is performing better, but is commercial within the carpet segment showing year-over-year gains in the profit margins in carpet? Is it flat? Is it down less than what residential is down? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The commercial business as you look ... we believe the industry is flat to down a little bit in units, and that most of the growth is going into the modular category. So that the broadloom piece is ... some of the broadloom is being shifted to modular. So, depending upon your mix of each of the pieces as you go through, you can end up with a different answer. Our modular piece is less than the industry average, we are growing it. Over the past year we are growing it, and we continue to grow it, and we think it's got a lot of potential to grow even more. And we are putting more investments into new bags, new capacities, new product categories as we go through. And so we think that it has an opportunity to grow much faster than the piece. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaheen Shaheen with Mohawk Industries. 
Shaheen Shaheen - Mohawk Industries: I want to congratulate you on the great job you are doing. Where are the Columbia plants located in this country? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There are plants in Holland, but most of them are in West Virginia, Arkansas, and then one plant in Malaysia. 
Shaheen Shaheen - Mohawk Industries: And how do you see the wood business compete in the total business of laminate, the carpet, tile and so on? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The wood business is the last category that we have that we aren't vertically integrated. So, it gives us a vertically integrated position. We see that there are synergies between it and all the various other parts of the business in broadening our offering to all the various customers, that in many cases we think that we can market and merchandize the wood in conjunction with our laminate business which is why we put it under the Unilin operating business in the United States and then on the long term we see that wood, looks like it's ... at least the pre-finished wood is going to continue to grow at fairly strong rate, once we get through this cyclical downturn. 
Shaheen Shaheen - Mohawk Industries: Will it have the click feature that ... the patent that the Unilin feature and that as well as how you are planning on that? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Today the click systems in wood are being utilized. They are still a small part of the total wood business in the industry but they are growing and we do license other options to ... to other companies to sell wood as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Benon [ph] with Wachovia Securities. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys. How is it going? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Chris. Good 
Unidentified Analyst: Couple of questions here. Just wondering if you could quantify or maybe give us a better idea of Unilin's top line growth like domestically versus that of Europe ex Fx gains? 
Frank H. Boykin - Chief Financial Officer: Most of the growth in the quarter was in the European business. If you look at the laminate business, it's also through the residential business which is under great pressure in the industry. We don't have any industry numbers to know exactly what the US industry is growing. But we know that all the pieces are under great pressure. And our belief is that they are all negative, and we are not sure whether laminate is flat or negative a little bit or up a little bit. We don't have any data, but it's going to be impacted by the same pieces. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then if you could just comment a little bit, maybe you give us a little bit more color on how business trended in the quarter on some of the major product categories, i.e., something like carpet, ceramic tile and maybe laminate? Did you saw any difference from the beginning of the quarter towards the end; you know that kind of stuff? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: On the carpet side, some of it was obfuscated by the price increase; when we announce price increases you get a lift of some people who try to buy ahead of it, so it's difficult how to interpret that into the long term trends till after it flows through, which will take us a little bit more time to have a clear view of it. The other businesses, I think, that we're expecting them to be better in the second half but we are still waiting to see, and we are hoping that they are going to be better. We really don't have any clear indication to that at this moment. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your next questions comes from the line of Steven East with Pally Capital [ph]. 
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, guys. 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. 
Unidentified Analyst: Just going back to John's question on the Mohawk raw materials, if you look at about a 250 basis point drop in that margins, how much of that would you all characterize between under absorption versus last year and increased raw materials versus last year? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We don't have those numbers in front of us, the raw materials were going up and so that did impact it. They have all kinds of changes, not only do you have those you have the mix shift from different product categories, you have a degrading of the quality that's going on. You have the pressure on the ... as you would suspect, there's more pressure on the low to medium price point for the category. There is a change in products as nylon staple has declined moving to other categories. You have polyester, as the values increase, polyester is growing. You have polypropylene that's tending to play in a narrow range of products than it has historically. So you have not only the industry conditions, you have a dramatic shift in the mix of products that are being sold through the industry all impacting the pieces.  At the same time, we more aggressively drop products during the first half in the carpet industry and we push those through the ... the discounting of pieces to move to various products as you go through. We think we've put in place management techniques to manage the sampling expenses better as we go into the second half and keep those versus historical, more in line. And we are managing through the industry cycle as best as we can. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, if you just had a look at it from a gut perspective and say, all right, it's throwing mix into the equation -- we are down; we've got mix; we've got raw material cost. We have got under absorbed, overhead, etcetera. How would you sort of rank order those is the most important impact say year-over-year? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think I would give the ... unabsorbed overheads would be the most significant ones. I would put some of the cost pressures of either pricing or mix ... I mean they are all pricing mix, promotions for the whole industry is probably the second piece altogether and the lifting of others. 
Operator: You have a follow-up question from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research. 
David MacGregor - Longbow Research: Just a couple of quick things. You talked about the 46% price increase in the carpet segment. You did allude to pricing initiatives are Dal but you didn't quantify those for us, can you give us a sense of what it was you were pursuing, what you think the traction was? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It was the price increase in Dal that we actually initiated was on selected products. It wasn't across all the various product categories. So I would assume that it's limited in the total, maybe 1% because you have to average it out across all the pieces, but in the Dal-Tile side, we ... a large part of the costs that go up are because of the weight in the transportation, and we have surcharges that we add to the product that we started sometime ago when the transportation cost started going up and energy cost. And so each period we recalculate how those do and those allow us to pass through the changes in a lot of the cost outside the price increases. 
Operator: You also have a follow-up question from the line of John Baugh with Stifel Nicolaus. 
John Baugh - Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah, the follow-up is basically when you look at the pricing environment that we are in today in the wood category. What do you think, the wish along range pieces on wood pricing as we look at imports, the engineered versus solid ... I understand solids are under a lot of pressure, and how does that affect your strategy with Columbia or anything else that you are going to be doing? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay the solid wood category, first, as you have the unfinished marketplace which is flat and will probably decline and continue declining as a proportion of the total business split. So, that piece, we will still not participate in on a going forward basis. So most ... you have a lot of pressure in it because there is no differentiation and it's sold as a commodity. We believe that the solid wood piece that is pre-finished will hold its own, maybe grow a little bit but not most. And most of the growth will be in the engineered category going forward basis which we think will well position to participate in both from a US manufacturing point as well from an offshore manufacturing point, and we continue to purchase product from other suppliers where it makes sense around the world. 
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the allotted time for questions and answers. Are there any closing remarks? 
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are in a difficult cyclical environment that the business ... we tend to end up with pent-up demand as we go through the cycles. We don't have any indications of when the cycle is going to end, but as historical, it will end and we think we will be well positioned as we move on to the next stage of the economy and environment.  Thank you for joining us at our second quarter conference call. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.
